Manulife Financial Corporation
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Responsibility for Financial Reporting
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Manulife Financial Corporation are the responsibility of management and have
been approved by the Board of Directors. It is also the responsibility of management to ensure that all information in the annual report to
shareholders is consistent with these consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
and the accounting requirements of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada. When alternative accounting
methods exist, or when estimates and judgment are required, management has selected those amounts that present the Company’s
financial position and results of operations in a manner most appropriate to the circumstances.
Appropriate systems of internal control, policies and procedures have been maintained to ensure that financial information is both relevant
and reliable. The systems of internal control are assessed on an ongoing basis by management and the Company’s internal audit
department.
The actuary appointed by the Board of Directors (the “Appointed Actuary”) is responsible for ensuring that assumptions and methods used
in the determination of policy liabilities are appropriate to the circumstances and that reserves will be adequate to meet the Company’s
future obligations under insurance and annuity contracts.
The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibility for financial reporting and is ultimately
responsible for reviewing and approving the consolidated financial statements. These responsibilities are carried out primarily through an
Audit Committee of unrelated and independent directors appointed by the Board of Directors.
The Audit Committee meets periodically with management, the internal auditors, the peer reviewers, the external auditors and the
Appointed Actuary to discuss internal control over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues. The
Audit Committee reviews the consolidated financial statements prepared by management, and then recommends them to the Board of
Directors for approval. The Audit Committee also recommends to the Board of Directors and shareholders the appointment of external
auditors and approval of their fees.
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the Company’s external auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, in accordance with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Ernst & Young LLP has full and free access to management and the Audit Committee.




Roy Gori                                                                 Philip Witherington
President and Chief Executive Officer                                    Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, Canada
February 15, 2023


Appointed Actuary’s Report to the Shareholders
I have valued the policy liabilities and reinsurance recoverables of Manulife Financial Corporation for its Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and their change in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years then ended
in accordance with actuarial practice generally accepted in Canada, including selection of appropriate assumptions and methods.
In my opinion, the amount of policy liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables makes appropriate provision for all policyholder obligations
and the consolidated financial statements fairly present the results of the valuation.




Steven Finch
Appointed Actuary

Toronto, Canada
February 15, 2023




                                                                                                                                           131
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Manulife Financial Corporation (the Company), which comprise the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit
procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                      Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities

 Key Audit            The Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of $371 billion at December 31, 2022 on its consolidated statement of financial
 Matter               position. Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and represent management’s estimate of the amount
                      which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits,
                      policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on insurance policies in-force. Insurance contract
                      liabilities are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM), as required by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries (CIA).
                      The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current assumptions for each
                      material cash flow item. Cash flows related to insurance contract liabilities have two major components: a best estimate assumption
                      and a provision for adverse deviation. Best estimates are made with respect to key assumptions including mortality, morbidity,
                      investment returns, policy termination rates, premium persistency, expenses, and taxes. A provision for adverse deviation is recorded
                      to reflect the inherent uncertainty related to the timing and amount of the best estimate assumptions and is determined by including
                      a margin of conservatism for each assumption. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant
                      Accounting Policies’ and Note 7 ‘Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets’ of the consolidated financial statements.

                      Auditing the valuation of insurance contract liabilities was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment due
                      to the complexity of the cash flow models, the selection and use of assumptions, and the interrelationship of these variables in
                      measuring insurance contract liabilities. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in
                      evaluating the audit evidence obtained.




132 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities

How Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
Addressed the   valuation of insurance contract liabilities. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, actuarial methodology, integrity of
Key Audit       data used, controls over relevant information technology, and the assumption setting and implementation processes used by
Matter          management.

                To test the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our actuarial
                specialists to assess the methodology and assumptions with respect to compliance with the Company’s policies. We performed audit
                procedures over key assumptions, including the implementation of those assumptions into the models. These procedures included
                testing underlying support and documentation, including reviewing a sample of experience studies supporting specific assumptions,
                challenging the nature, timing, and completeness of changes recorded, assessing whether individual changes were errors or
                refinements of estimates, and comparing the level of margins for adverse deviation to suggested ranges established by the CIA. We
                also tested the methodology and calculation of the insurance contract liabilities through both review of the calculation logic within the
                models, and through calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance contracts and
                comparing the results to the Company’s results. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the
                consolidated financial statements.

                Valuation of Invested Assets with Significant Non-Observable Market Inputs

Key Audit       The Company recorded invested assets of $17.5 billion at December 31, 2022 on its consolidated statement of financial position
Matter          which are both (a) measured at fair value and (b) subject to a valuation estimate that includes significant non-observable market
                inputs. These invested assets are classified as level 3 within the Company’s hierarchy of fair value measurements and include real
                estate, timber and agriculture, high estimation uncertainty bonds, and private equities which are valued using internal models. There
                is increased measurement uncertainty in determining the fair value of these invested assets due to volatility in the current economic
                environment. These assets are valued based on internal models or third-party pricing sources that incorporate assumptions with a
                high-level of subjectivity. Examples of such assumptions include interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings and related spreads,
                expected future cash flows and transaction prices of comparable assets. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of
                Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 4 ‘Invested Assets and Investment Income’ of the consolidated financial
                statements.

                Auditing the valuation of these invested assets was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment in assessing
                the valuation methodologies and non-observable inputs used. The valuation of these assets is sensitive to the significant
                non-observable market inputs described above, which are inherently forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and
                market conditions. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit
                evidence obtained.

How Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
Addressed the   investment valuation process. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, management’s determination and approval of
Key Audit       assumptions and methodologies used in model-based valuations and management’s review of valuations provided by third-party
Matter          pricing sources.

                To test the valuation of these invested assets, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our valuation
                specialists to assess the methodologies and significant assumptions used by management. These procedures included assessing the
                valuation methodologies used with respect to the Company’s policies, valuation guidelines, and industry practice and comparing a
                sample of valuation assumptions used against benchmarks, including comparable transactions and independent pricing sources
                where available. We also performed independent investment valuations on a sample of investments with high estimation uncertainty
                to evaluate management’s recorded values. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the
                consolidated financial statements.

                IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts Adoption Disclosure

Key Audit       International Financial Reporting Standards 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) is effective for years beginning on January 1, 2023.
Matter          As described in Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements, the Company will apply the Full Retrospective Approach to most
                contracts issued on or after January 1, 2021, applying the Fair Value Approach for contracts issued prior to this date. The Company
                discloses that the IFRS 17 adoption will result in a $12.0 billion net of tax reduction in total equity as at January 1, 2022. Note 2 of
                the accompanying financial statements also provides quantitative and qualitative information on the impact of the new standard and
                certain accounting policy choices made by the Company.

                Auditing the Company’s disclosure of the effects of applying IFRS 17 was complex as it related to the measurement of the Company’s
                insurance contract liabilities including the transition Contractual Service Margin (transition CSM) included therein. This required the
                application of significant auditor judgement due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the determination of the discount rate and
                risk adjustment relating to the measurement of the insurance contract liabilities, and the development of fair value assumptions used
                in the determination of the transition CSM. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in
                evaluating the audit evidence obtained.




                                                                                                                                                           133
                      IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts Adoption Disclosure

 How Our Audit        We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
 Addressed the        disclosure of the effects of applying the new standard to insurance contract liabilities including the transition CSM. The controls we
 Key Audit            tested included, among others, controls related to management’s selection of accounting policies and the related determination of
 Matter               the transition approach, as well as controls related to the development of fair value and actuarial models, the integrity of data used,
                      implementation of new systems and models, and assumption setting and implementation processes.

                      To test the Company’s disclosure of the impact of IFRS 17 on the insurance contract liabilities including the transition CSM, our audit
                      procedures included, among others, involving our actuarial specialists to evaluate the related accounting policies, the elections
                      involved in transition, and to assess the appropriateness of the determination of where the Full Retrospective Approach was
                      impracticable. In relation to the assumptions used in the measurement of the insurance contract liabilities including the transition
                      CSM, disclosed in Note 2, we assessed the appropriateness and consistency of key assumptions by comparing to publicly available
                      market data, our knowledge of the products and the requirements of IFRS 17. Key assumptions assessed by us, with the involvement
                      of our actuarial specialists, included the discount rate and risk adjustment used in the measurement of the insurance contract
                      liabilities and the fair value assumptions used in the determination of the transition CSM. These procedures also included testing
                      underlying support and documentation, such as executed policyholder insurance contracts. We tested the methodology and
                      calculations of the IFRS 17 insurance contract liabilities and transition CSM either through review of the calculation logic within the
                      newly implemented models, or through calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of
                      insurance contracts and comparing the results to the Company’s results.


Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
• Management’s Discussion and Analysis; and
• The information, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the 2022 Annual Report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information, and in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
The 2022 Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If based on the work we will perform
on this other information, we conclude there is a material misstatement of other information, we are required to report that fact to those
charged with governance.




134 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally
accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional judgment and
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
    design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
    provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
    circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
    disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
    evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
    Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
    attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
    report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
    whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
    presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
    Company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
    performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our report of independent registered public accounting firm unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.
The partner in charge of the audit resulting in this report of independent registered public accounting firm is Michael Cox.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
February 15, 2023

                                                                                                                                  135
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of Manulife Financial Corporation (the Company) as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated
February 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

                          Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities
 Description of           The Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of $371 billion at December 31, 2022 on its consolidated statement of
 the matter               financial position. Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and represent management’s estimate of
                          the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future
                          benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on insurance policies in-force.
                          Insurance contract liabilities are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM), as required by the Canadian
                          Institute of Actuaries (CIA). The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using
                          current assumptions for each material cash flow item. Cash flows related to insurance contract liabilities have two major
                          components: a best estimate assumption and a provision for adverse deviation. Best estimates are made with respect to key
                          assumptions including mortality, morbidity, investment returns, policy termination rates, premium persistency, expenses, and
                          taxes. A provision for adverse deviation is recorded to reflect the inherent uncertainty related to the timing and amount of the
                          best estimate assumptions and is determined by including a margin of conservatism for each assumption. Disclosures on this
                          matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 7 ‘Insurance Contract Liabilities
                          and Reinsurance Assets’ of the consolidated financial statements.

                          Auditing the valuation of insurance contract liabilities was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment
                          due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the selection and use of assumptions, and the interrelationship of these variables
                          in measuring insurance contract liabilities. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in
                          evaluating the audit evidence obtained.




136 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                    Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities
How we addressed    We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
the matter in our   valuation of insurance contract liabilities. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, actuarial methodology, integrity
audit               of data used, controls over relevant information technology, and the assumption setting and implementation processes used by
                    management.

                    To test the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our
                    actuarial specialists to assess the methodology and assumptions with respect to compliance with the Company’s policies. We
                    performed audit procedures over key assumptions, including the implementation of those assumptions into the models. These
                    procedures included testing underlying support and documentation, including reviewing a sample of experience studies
                    supporting specific assumptions, challenging the nature, timing, and completeness of changes recorded, assessing whether
                    individual changes were errors or refinements of estimates, and comparing the level of margins for adverse deviation to
                    suggested ranges established by the CIA. We also tested the methodology and calculation of the insurance contract liabilities
                    through both review of the calculation logic within the models, and through calculating an independent estimate of the insurance
                    contract liability for a sample of insurance contracts and comparing the results to the Company’s results. In addition, we
                    assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

                    Valuation of Invested Assets with Significant Non-Observable Market Inputs
Description of      The Company recorded invested assets of $17.5 billion at December 31, 2022 on its consolidated statement of financial position
the matter          which are both (a) measured at fair value and (b) subject to a valuation estimate that includes significant non-observable market
                    inputs. These invested assets are classified as level 3 within the Company’s hierarchy of fair value measurements and include real
                    estate, timber and agriculture, high estimation uncertainty bonds, and private equities which are valued using internal models.
                    There is increased measurement uncertainty in determining the fair value of these invested assets due to volatility in the current
                    economic environment. These assets are valued based on internal models or third-party pricing sources that incorporate
                    assumptions with a high-level of subjectivity. Examples of such assumptions include interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings and
                    related spreads, expected future cash flows and transaction prices of comparable assets. Disclosures on this matter are found in
                    Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 4 ‘Invested Assets and Investment Income’ of the
                    consolidated financial statements.
                    Auditing the valuation of these invested assets was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment in
                    assessing the valuation methodologies and non-observable inputs used. The valuation of these assets is sensitive to the
                    significant non-observable market inputs described above, which are inherently forward-looking and could be affected by future
                    economic and market conditions. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in
                    evaluating the audit evidence obtained.

How we addressed    We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
the matter in our   investment valuation process. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, management’s determination and approval
audit               of assumptions and methodologies used in model-based valuations and management’s review of valuations provided by third-
                    party pricing sources.

                    To test the valuation of these invested assets, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our valuation
                    specialists to assess the methodologies and significant assumptions used by management. These procedures included assessing
                    the valuation methodologies used with respect to the Company’s policies, valuation guidelines, and industry practice and
                    comparing a sample of valuation assumptions used against benchmarks, including comparable transactions and independent
                    pricing sources where available. We also performed independent investment valuations on a sample of investments with high
                    estimation uncertainty to evaluate management’s recorded values. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
                    provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

                    IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts Adoption Disclosure
Description of      International Financial Reporting Standards 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) is effective for years beginning on January 1,
the matter          2023. As described in Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements, the Company will apply the Full Retrospective Approach
                    to most contracts issued on or after January 1, 2021, applying the Fair Value Approach for contracts issued prior to this date.
                    The Company discloses that the IFRS 17 adoption will result in a $12.0 billion net of tax reduction in total equity as at January 1,
                    2022. Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements also provides quantitative and qualitative information on the impact of
                    the new standard and certain accounting policy choices made by the Company.
                    Auditing the Company’s disclosure of the effects of applying IFRS 17 was complex as it related to the measurement of the
                    Company’s insurance contract liabilities including the transition Contractual Service Margin (transition CSM) included therein.
                    This required the application of significant auditor judgement due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the determination of
                    the discount rate and risk adjustment relating to the measurement of the insurance contract liabilities, and the development of
                    fair value assumptions used in the determination of the transition CSM. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized
                    skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.




                                                                                                                                                          137
                          IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts Adoption Disclosure
 How we addressed         We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
 the matter in our        disclosure of the effects of applying the new standard to insurance contract liabilities including the transition CSM. The controls
 audit                    we tested included, among others, controls related to management’s selection of accounting policies and the related
                          determination of the transition approach, as well as controls related to the development of fair value and actuarial models, the
                          integrity of data used, implementation of new systems and models, and assumption setting and implementation processes.

                          To test the Company’s disclosure of the impact of IFRS 17 on the insurance contract liabilities including the transition CSM, our
                          audit procedures included, among others, involving our actuarial specialists to evaluate the related accounting policies, the
                          elections involved in transition, and to assess the appropriateness of the determination of where the Full Retrospective Approach
                          was impracticable. In relation to the assumptions used in the measurement of the insurance contract liabilities including the
                          transition CSM, disclosed in Note 2, we assessed the appropriateness and consistency of key assumptions by comparing to
                          publicly available market data, our knowledge of the products and the requirements of IFRS 17. Key assumptions assessed by us,
                          with the involvement of our actuarial specialists, included the discount rate and risk adjustment used in the measurement of the
                          insurance contract liabilities and the fair value assumptions used in the determination of the transition CSM. These procedures
                          also included testing underlying support and documentation, such as executed policyholder insurance contracts. We tested the
                          methodology and calculations of the IFRS 17 insurance contract liabilities and transition CSM either through review of the
                          calculation logic within the newly implemented models, or through calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract
                          liability for a sample of insurance contracts and comparing the results to the Company’s results.


We have served as Manulife Financial Corporation’s auditor since 1905.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada
February 15, 2023




138 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Manulife Financial Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Manulife Financial Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related Consolidated
Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated February 15, 2023,
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
contained in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada
February 15, 2023




                                                                                                                                           139
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                              2022          2021
Assets
Cash and short-term securities                                                                                                 $    19,153   $    22,594
Debt securities                                                                                                                    203,904       224,139
Public equities                                                                                                                     23,519        28,067
Mortgages                                                                                                                           54,638        52,014
Private placements                                                                                                                  47,057        42,842
Policy loans                                                                                                                         6,894         6,397
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                                                2,781         2,506
Real estate                                                                                                                         13,272        13,233
Other invested assets                                                                                                               42,783        35,306
Total invested assets (note 4)                                                                                                     414,001       427,098
Other assets
Accrued investment income                                                                                                          2,813         2,641
Outstanding premiums                                                                                                               1,448         1,294
Derivatives (note 5)                                                                                                               8,588        17,503
Reinsurance assets (notes 7 and 8)                                                                                                47,712        44,579
Deferred tax assets (note 17)                                                                                                      5,423         5,254
Goodwill and intangible assets (note 6)                                                                                           10,519         9,915
Miscellaneous                                                                                                                      9,875         9,571
Total other assets                                                                                                                86,378        90,757
Segregated funds net assets (note 23)                                                                                            348,562       399,788
Total assets                                                                                                                   $ 848,941     $ 917,643
Liabilities and Equity
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 7)                                                                                        $ 371,405     $ 392,275
Investment contract liabilities (note 8)                                                                                           3,248         3,117
Deposits from Bank clients                                                                                                        22,507        20,720
Derivatives (note 5)                                                                                                              14,289        10,038
Deferred tax liabilities (note 17)                                                                                                 2,774         2,769
Other liabilities                                                                                                                 17,421        18,205
                                                                                                                                 431,644       447,124
Long-term debt (note 10)                                                                                                           6,234         4,882
Capital instruments (note 11)                                                                                                      6,122         6,980
Segregated funds net liabilities (note 23)                                                                                       348,562       399,788
Total liabilities                                                                                                                792,562       858,774
Equity
Preferred shares and other equity (note 12)                                                                                          6,660         6,381
Common shares (note 12)                                                                                                             22,178        23,093
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                    238           262
Shareholders’ and other equity holders’ retained earnings                                                                           27,010        23,492
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”):
   Pension and other post-employment plans                                                                                           (97)         (114)
   Available-for-sale securities                                                                                                  (6,472)          848
   Cash flow hedges                                                                                                                    8          (156)
   Real estate revaluation reserve                                                                                                    22            23
   Translation of foreign operations                                                                                               6,514         4,579
Total shareholders’ and other equity                                                                                              56,061        58,408
Participating policyholders’ equity                                                                                               (1,346)       (1,233)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          1,664         1,694
Total equity                                                                                                                      56,379        58,869
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                   $ 848,941     $ 917,643
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




Roy Gori                                                                                  John Cassaday
President and Chief Executive Officer                                                     Chairman of the Board of Directors

140 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts)                                                 2022          2021
Revenue
Premium income
    Gross premiums                                                                         $   44,102     $ 44,344
    Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                               (6,249)      (5,279)
Net premiums                                                                                   37,853       39,065
Investment income (note 4)
    Investment income                                                                          15,207         15,627
    Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment
        contract liabilities and on the macro hedge program                                    (45,077)       (4,003)
Net investment income (loss)                                                                   (29,870)       11,624
Other revenue (note 14)                                                                          9,164        11,132
Total revenue                                                                                   17,147        61,821
Contract benefits and expenses
To contract holders and beneficiaries
    Gross claims and benefits (note 7)                                                        33,320        31,110
    Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities (note 7)                           (34,971)       10,719
    Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities (note 8)                               41            44
    Benefits and expenses ceded to reinsurers                                                 (7,016)       (6,805)
    (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets (note 7)                                          (673)          754
Net benefits and claims                                                                       (9,299)       35,822
General expenses                                                                               7,782         7,828
Investment expenses (note 4)                                                                   1,863         1,980
Commissions                                                                                    6,260         6,638
Interest expense                                                                               1,350         1,011
Net premium taxes                                                                                444           417
Total contract benefits and expenses                                                           8,400        53,696
Income before income taxes                                                                     8,747         8,125
Income tax expense (note 17)                                                                  (1,565)       (1,213)
Net income                                                                                 $   7,182      $ 6,912
Net income (loss) attributed to:
    Non-controlling interests                                                              $       (1)    $      255
    Participating policyholders                                                                  (111)          (448)
    Shareholders and other equity holders                                                       7,294          7,105
                                                                                           $    7,182     $    6,912
Net income attributed to shareholders                                                           7,294          7,105
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                         (260)          (215)
Common shareholders’ net income                                                            $    7,034     $    6,890
Earnings per share
   Basic earnings per common share (note 12)                                               $      3.68    $     3.55
   Diluted earnings per common share (note 12)                                                    3.68          3.54
Dividends per common share                                                                        1.32          1.17
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                   141
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                         2022            2021
Net income                                                                                                                 $ 7,182         $ 6,912
Other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”), net of tax:
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income:
Foreign exchange gains (losses) on:
   Translation of foreign operations                                                                                            2,350            (514)
   Net investment hedges                                                                                                         (415)            100
Available-for-sale financial securities:
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year                                                                           (7,608)           (980)
   Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses and impairments to net income                                                  288             (13)
Cash flow hedges:
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year                                                                              161              77
   Reclassification of realized gains (losses) to net income                                                                        3              (4)
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates                                                                         (5)             (1)
Total items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income                                                                (5,226)         (1,335)
Items that will not be reclassified to net income:
   Change in actuarial gains (losses) on pension and other post-employment plans                                                 17             199
   Real estate revaluation reserve                                                                                               (1)            (11)
Total items that will not be reclassified to net income                                                                          16             188
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                                                                (5,210)         (1,147)
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                                                              $ 1,972         $ 5,765
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                               $       (4)     $      252
   Participating policyholders                                                                                                   (113)           (449)
   Shareholders and other equity holders                                                                                        2,089           5,962



Income Taxes included in Other Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                           2022          2021
Income tax expense (recovery) on:
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale financial securities                                                           $ (1,254)       $ (181)
Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses and impairments to net income on available-for-sale financial securities             30            21
Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                        55            15
Reclassification of realized gains (losses) to net income on cash flow hedges                                                         1            (1)
Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                       2             –
Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on net investment hedges                                                                 (29)           21
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates                                                                             (1)            –
Change in actuarial gains (losses) on pension and other post-employment plans                                                         9            61
Real estate revaluation reserve                                                                                                       1             –
Total income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                            $ (1,186)       $ (64)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




142 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                             2022          2021
Preferred shares and other equity
Balance, beginning of year                                                                     $    6,381    $    3,822
Issued (note 12)                                                                                    1,000         3,200
Redeemed (note 12)                                                                                   (711)         (612)
Issuance costs, net of tax                                                                            (10)          (29)
Balance, end of year                                                                                6,660         6,381
Common shares
Balance, beginning of year                                                                         23,093        23,042
Repurchased (note 12)                                                                                (938)            –
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                           23            51
Balance, end of year                                                                               22,178        23,093
Contributed surplus
Balance, beginning of year                                                                           262           261
Exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                                    (4)           (8)
Stock option expense                                                                                   5             9
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                                              (25)            –
Balance, end of year                                                                                 238           262
Shareholders’ and other equity holders’ retained earnings
Balance, beginning of year                                                                         23,492        18,887
Net income attributed to shareholders and other equity holders                                      7,294         7,105
Common shares repurchased (note 12)                                                                  (946)            –
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                             (260)         (215)
Preferred shares redeemed (note 12)                                                                   (14)          (13)
Common share dividends                                                                             (2,513)       (2,272)
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                                               (43)            –
Balance, end of year                                                                               27,010        23,492
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”)
Balance, beginning of year                                                                          5,180         6,323
Change in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on net foreign operations                      1,935          (414)
Change in actuarial gains (losses) on pension and other post-employment plans                          17           199
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale financial securities                     (7,315)         (989)
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges          164            73
Change in real estate revaluation reserve                                                              (1)          (11)
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates                                             (5)           (1)
Balance, end of year                                                                                  (25)        5,180
Total shareholders’ and other equity, end of year                                                  56,061        58,408
Participating policyholders’ equity
Balance, beginning of year                                                                         (1,233)         (784)
Net income (loss) attributed to participating policyholders                                          (111)         (448)
Other comprehensive income (losses) attributed to participating policyholders                          (2)           (1)
Balance, end of year                                                                               (1,346)       (1,233)
Non-controlling interests
Balance, beginning of year                                                                        1,694         1,455
Net income attributed to non-controlling interests                                                   (1)          255
Other comprehensive income (losses) attributed to non-controlling interests                          (3)           (3)
Contributions (distributions and acquisition), net                                                  (26)          (13)
Balance, end of year                                                                              1,664         1,694
Total equity, end of year                                                                      $ 56,379      $ 58,869
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                      143
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                               2022            2021
Operating activities
Net income                                                                                                     $      7,182    $      6,912
Adjustments:
    Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities                                                           (33,413)        10,719
    Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities                                                               41             44
    (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance transactions (note 7)                               159            754
    Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                                                               (32)           181
    Other amortization                                                                                                  538            529
    Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets                                              47,270          4,824
    Gain on U.S. variable annuity reinsurance transaction (pre-tax) (note 7)                                         (1,070)             –
    Gain on derecognition of Joint Venture interest during Manulife TEDA acquisition (pre-tax) (notes 3 & 6)            (95)             –
    Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                              731           (127)
    Stock option expense                                                                                                  5              9
Cash provided by operating activities before undernoted items                                                        21,316         23,845
Cash decrease due to U.S. variable annuity reinsurance transaction (note 7)                                          (1,377)             –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                                                     (2,204)          (690)
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                      17,735         23,155
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                                                    (111,768)       (120,965)
Disposals and repayments                                                                                             93,407          96,728
Change in investment broker net receivables and payables                                                                (67)           (186)
Net cash increase (decrease) from sale (purchase) of subsidiary (notes 3 & 6)                                          (182)            (19)
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                     (18,610)        (24,442)
Financing activities
Issue of long-term debt, net (note 10)                                                                                  946               –
Redemption of long-term debt (note 10)                                                                                    –          (1,250)
Redemption of capital instruments (note 11)                                                                          (1,000)           (818)
Secured borrowings (note 4(f))                                                                                          437              26
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased                                              (551)            186
Change in deposits from Bank clients, net                                                                             1,703            (164)
Lease payments                                                                                                         (120)           (124)
Shareholders’ dividends and other equity distributions                                                               (2,787)         (2,500)
Common shares repurchased (note 12)                                                                                  (1,884)              –
Common shares issued, net (note 12)                                                                                      23              51
Preferred shares and other equity issued, net (note 12)                                                                 990           3,171
Preferred shares redeemed, net (note 12)                                                                               (711)           (612)
Contributions from (distributions to, acquisition of) non-controlling interests, net                                    (51)            (13)
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                      (3,005)         (2,047)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                                                 (3,880)         (3,334)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities                                              585            (319)
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                          21,930          25,583
Balance, December 31                                                                                                18,635          21,930
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                                                22,594          26,167
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                                                (664)           (584)
Net cash and short-term securities, January 1                                                                       21,930          25,583
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                                                19,153          22,594
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                                                (518)           (664)
Net cash and short-term securities, December 31                                                                $    18,635     $    21,930
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information
Interest received                                                                                              $    12,133     $    11,376
Interest paid                                                                                                        1,248             981
Income taxes paid                                                                                                    1,238             571
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




144 | 2022 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Page Number   Note
146           Note 1    Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
154           Note 2    Accounting and Reporting Changes
160           Note 3    Acquisitions
160           Note 4    Invested Assets and Investment Income
168           Note 5    Derivative and Hedging Instruments
174           Note 6    Goodwill and Intangible Assets
176           Note 7    Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
185           Note 8    Investment Contract Liabilities
187           Note 9    Risk Management
193           Note 10   Long-Term Debt
194           Note 11   Capital Instruments
195           Note 12   Equity Capital and Earnings Per Share
197           Note 13   Capital Management
198           Note 14   Revenue from Service Contracts
199           Note 15   Stock-Based Compensation
200           Note 16   Employee Future Benefits
205           Note 17   Income Taxes
206           Note 18   Interests in Structured Entities
208           Note 19   Commitments and Contingencies
211           Note 20   Segmented Information
212           Note 21   Related Parties
213           Note 22   Subsidiaries
215           Note 23   Segregated Funds
216           Note 24   Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and SignatureNotes Issued or
                        Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
221           Note 25   Significant Accounting Policies in Accordance with IFRS 9 and IFRS 17
229           Note 26   Comparatives




                                                                                                                                         145
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts or unless otherwise stated)


Note 1           Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Reporting entity
Manulife Financial Corporation (“MFC”) is a publicly traded company and the holding company of The Manufacturers Life Insurance
Company (“MLI”), a Canadian life insurance company. MFC and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Manulife” or the “Company”) is a leading
financial services group with principal operations in Asia, Canada and the United States. Manulife’s international network of employees,
agents and distribution partners offers financial protection and wealth management products and services to personal and business
clients as well as asset management services to institutional customers. The Company operates as Manulife in Asia and Canada and as
John Hancock in the United States.
MFC is domiciled in Canada and incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) (“ICA”). These Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with “Risk Management and Risk Factors” in the 2022
Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dealing with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” as the discussion on market risk
and liquidity risk includes certain disclosures that are considered an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
These Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were authorized for issue by MFC’s Board of
Directors on February 15, 2023.

(b) Basis of preparation
The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The most significant estimation processes relate to
evaluating assumptions used in measuring insurance and investment contract liabilities, assessing assets for impairment, determining
pension and other post-employment benefit obligation and expense assumptions, determining income taxes and uncertain tax positions,
and estimating fair values of certain invested assets. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimates are revised and in any future years affected. Although some
variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are appropriate. The significant accounting
policies used and the most significant judgments made by management in applying these accounting policies in the preparation of these
Consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below.
The Company’s results and operations have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19 and the economic environment.
The adverse effects include but are not limited to recessionary economic trends in markets the Company operates in, significant market
volatility, increase in credit risk, strain on commodity markets and alternative long duration asset (“ALDA”) prices, foreign currency
exchange rate volatility, increases in insurance claims, persistency and redemptions, and disruption of business operations. The breadth
and depth of these events and their duration contribute additional uncertainty around estimates used in determining the carrying value of
certain assets and liabilities included in these Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company has applied appropriate measurement techniques using reasonable judgment and estimates from the perspective of a
market participant to reflect current economic conditions. The impact of these techniques has been reflected in these Consolidated
Financial Statements. Changes in the inputs used could materially impact the respective carrying values.

(c) Fair value measurement
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (not a forced
liquidation or distress sale) between market participants at the measurement date; fair value is an exit value.
When available, quoted market prices are used to determine fair value. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is typically
based upon alternative valuation techniques such as discounted cash flows, matrix pricing, consensus pricing services and other
techniques. Broker quotes are generally used when external public vendor prices are not available.
The Company has a valuation process in place that includes a review of price movements relative to the market, a comparison of prices
between vendors, and a comparison to internal matrix pricing which uses predominately external observable data. Judgment is applied in
adjusting external observable data for items including liquidity and credit factors.




146 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company categorizes its fair value measurement results according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used
by the Company’s valuation techniques based on their reliability. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest
level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows:
Level 1 – Fair value measurements that reflect unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the
Company can access at the measurement date, reflecting market transactions.
Level 2 – Fair value measurements using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, inputs that are observable that are not prices (such as interest rates, credit
risks, etc.) and inputs that are derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Most debt securities are classified within Level 2.
Also, included in the Level 2 category are derivative instruments that are priced using models with observable market inputs, including
interest rate swaps, equity swaps, credit default swaps and foreign currency forward contracts.
Level 3 – Fair value measurements using significant non-market observable inputs. These include valuations for assets and liabilities that
are derived using data, some or all of which is not market observable, including assumptions about risk. Level 3 security valuations include
less liquid securities such as real estate properties, other invested assets, timber investments held within segregated funds, certain long-
duration bonds and other securities that have little or no price transparency. Certain derivative financial instrument valuations are also
included in Level 3.

(d) Basis of consolidation
MFC consolidates the financial statements of all entities it controls, including certain structured entities. Subsidiaries are entities
controlled by the Company. The Company has control over an entity when the Company has the power to govern the financial and
operating policies of the entity and is exposed to variable returns from its activities which are significant in relation to the total variable
returns of the entity and the Company is able to use its power over the entity to affect the Company’s share of variable returns of the entity.
In assessing control, significant judgment is applied while considering all relevant facts and circumstances. When assessing decision
making power over an entity, the Company considers the extent of its rights relative to the management of the entity, the level of voting
rights held over the entity which are potentially or presently exercisable, the existence of any contractual management agreements which
may provide the Company with power over the entity’s financial and operating policies, and to the extent of other parties’ ownership in the
entity, if any, the possibility for de facto control being present. When assessing variable returns from an entity, the Company considers the
significance of direct and indirect financial and non-financial variable returns to the Company from the entity’s activities in addition to the
proportionate significance of such returns to the total variability of the entity. The Company also considers the degree to which its interests
are aligned with those of other parties investing in the entity and the degree to which the Company may act in its own interest while
interacting with the entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in MFC’s consolidated results from the date control is established and are excluded
from consolidation from the date control ceases. The initial control assessment is performed at inception of the Company’s involvement
with the entity and is reconsidered if the Company acquires or loses power over key operating and financial policies of the entity; acquires
additional interests or disposes of interests in the entity; the contractual arrangements of the entity are amended such that the Company’s
proportionate exposure to variable returns changes; or if the Company’s ability to use its power to affect its variable returns from the entity
changes. A change in control may lead to gains or losses on derecognition of a subsidiary when losing control, or on derecognition of
previous interests in a subsidiary when gaining control.
The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and events
in similar circumstances. Intercompany balances, and revenue and expenses arising from intercompany transactions, have been
eliminated in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-controlling interests are interests of other parties in the equity of MFC’s subsidiaries and are presented within total equity, separate
from the equity of MFC’s participating policyholders and shareholders. Non-controlling interests in the net income and other
comprehensive income (“OCI”) of MFC’s subsidiaries are included in total net income and total OCI, respectively. An exception to this
occurs where the subsidiary’s shares are either puttable by the other parties or are redeemable for cash on a fixed or determinable date, in
which case other parties’ interests in the subsidiary’s capital are presented as liabilities of the Company and other parties’ interests in the
subsidiary’s net income and OCI are recorded as expenses of the Company.
The equity method of accounting is used to account for entities over which the Company has significant influence or joint control
(“associates” or “joint ventures”), whereby the Company records its share of the associate’s or joint venture’s net assets and financial
results using uniform accounting policies for similar transactions and events. Significant judgment is used to determine whether voting
rights, contractual management rights and other relationships with the entity, if any, provide the Company with significant influence or
joint control over the entity. Gains and losses on the sale of associates or joint ventures are included in income when realized, while
impairment losses are recognized immediately when there is objective evidence of impairment. Gains and losses on commercial
transactions with associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Company’s interest in the equity of the associate or joint
venture. Investments in associates and joint ventures are included in other invested assets on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position.

                                                                                                                                             147
(e) Invested assets
Invested assets that are considered financial instruments are classified as fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), loans and receivables,
or as available-for-sale (“AFS”) financial assets. The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
Invested assets are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at FVTPL, directly attributable transaction costs.
Invested assets are classified as financial instruments at FVTPL if they are held for trading, if they are designated by management under
the fair value option, or if they are designated by management when they include one or more embedded derivatives. Invested assets
classified as AFS are non-derivative financial assets that do not fall into any of the other categories described above.
Valuation methods for the Company’s invested assets are described above. All fair value valuations are performed in accordance with IFRS
13 “Fair Value Measurement”. Disclosure of fair value valuations within the three levels of the fair value hierarchy for invested assets carried
at fair value or not carried at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are presented in note 4. Fair value valuations
are performed by the Company and by third-party service providers. When third-party service providers are engaged, the Company
performs a variety of procedures to corroborate pricing information. These procedures may include, but are not limited to, inquiry and
review of valuation techniques, inputs to the valuation and vendor controls reports.
Cash and short-term securities comprise of cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits, and debt securities held
for meeting short-term cash commitments. Short-term securities are comprised of investments due to mature within one year of the date
of purchase. Short-term securities are carried at fair value. Commercial paper and discount notes are classified as Level 2 for fair value
disclosure purposes because these securities are typically not actively traded. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are
included in other liabilities.
Debt securities are carried at fair value or amortized cost. Debt securities are generally valued by independent pricing vendors using
proprietary pricing models incorporating current market inputs for similar instruments with comparable terms and credit quality (matrix
pricing). The significant inputs include, but are not limited to, yield curves, credit risks and spreads, prepayment rates and volatility of
these inputs. These debt securities are classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes but can be Level 3 if significant inputs are
market unobservable. Realized gains and losses on sale of debt securities and unrealized gains and losses on debt securities designated
as FVTPL are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS debt securities are recorded in OCI,
except for unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation which are included in income. Impairment losses on AFS debt
securities are recognized in income on an individual security basis when there is objective evidence of impairment. Impairment is
considered to have occurred, based on management’s judgment, when it is deemed probable that the Company will not be able to collect
all amounts due according to the debt security’s contractual terms. Debt securities which are classified as held-to-maturity are carried at
amortized cost. This includes debt securities with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities, for which the Company has both
positive intention and ability to hold to maturity, and which the Company has not designated at initial recognition as FVTPL or AFS.
Public equities are comprised of common and preferred equities and mutual fund shares and are carried at fair value. Public equities are
generally classified as Level 1 for fair value disclosure purposes, as fair values are normally based on quoted market prices. Realized gains
and losses on sale of equities and unrealized gains and losses on equities designated as FVTPL are recognized in investment income
immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS equities are recorded in OCI. Impairment losses on AFS equities are recognized in income
on an individual security basis when there is objective evidence of impairment. Impairment is considered to have occurred when fair value
has declined below cost by a significant amount or for a prolonged period. Significant judgment is applied in determining whether the
decline is significant or prolonged.
Mortgages are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes due to the lack of market
observability of certain significant valuation inputs. Realized gains and losses are recorded in investment income immediately. Impairment
losses are recorded on mortgages when there is no longer reasonable assurance as to the timely collection of the full amount of principal
and interest and are measured based on the discounted value of expected future cash flows at the original effective interest rates inherent
in the mortgage. Expected future cash flows of impaired mortgages are typically determined with reference to the fair value of collateral
security underlying the mortgage, net of expected costs of realization and including any applicable insurance recoveries. Significant
judgment is applied in the determination of impairment including the timing and amount of future collections.
The Company accounts for insured and uninsured mortgage securitizations as secured financing transactions since the criteria for sale
accounting are not met. For these transactions, the Company continues to recognize the mortgages and records liabilities within other
liabilities for the amounts owed at maturity. Interest income from these mortgages and interest expense on the borrowings are recorded
using the effective interest rate method.
Private placements, which include corporate loans for which there is no active market, are carried at amortized cost and are generally
classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes or Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable. Realized gains and losses
are recorded in income immediately. Impairment losses are recorded on private placements when there is no longer assurance as to the
timely collection of the full amount of principal and interest. Impairment is measured based on the discounted value of expected future
cash flows at the original effective interest rate inherent in the loan. Significant judgment is applied in the determination of impairment
including the timing and amount of future collections.
Policy loans are carried at an amount equal to their unpaid balances and are classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes. Policy
loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of the underlying policies.

148 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Loans to Manulife Bank of Canada (“Manulife Bank” or “Bank”) clients are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 2 for fair
value disclosure purposes. A loan to a Bank client is considered impaired when there is objective evidence of impairment because of one or
more loss events that have occurred after initial recognition, with a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loan.
Once established, allowances for impairment of mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are reversed only if the
conditions that caused the impairment no longer exist. Reversals of impairment charges on AFS debt securities are only recognized in
income to the extent that subsequent increases in fair value can be attributed to events after the impairment loss being recorded.
Impairment losses for AFS equity instruments are not reversed through income. On disposition of an impaired asset, any allowance for
impairment is released.
In addition to impairments and provisions for loan losses (recoveries) reported in investment income, the measurement of insurance
contract liabilities, via investment return assumptions, includes expected future credit losses on fixed income investments. Refer to
note 7(d).
Interest income is recognized on debt securities, mortgages, private placements, policy loans, loans to Bank clients and certain other
invested assets as it accrues and is calculated using the effective interest rate method. Premiums, discounts and transaction costs are
amortized over the life of the underlying investment using the effective yield method for all debt securities as well as mortgages and private
placements.
The Company records purchases and sales of invested assets on a trade date basis. Loans originated by the Company are recognized on a
settlement date basis.
Real estate consists of both own use property and investment property. Own use property, held for use for the Company’s operations, is
carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of an
asset less its residual value and is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life ranging from 30 to 60 years.
Impairment losses are recorded in income to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. Where own use property
is included in assets backing insurance contract liabilities, the fair value of the property is used in the valuation of insurance contract
liabilities. Fair value of own use property is determined using the same processes as for investment property, described below. Own use
property is classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.
An investment property is a property held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Investment properties are measured at
fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in income. Fair value is determined using external appraisals that are based on the highest
and best use of the property. The valuation techniques include discounted cash flows, the direct capitalization method as well as
comparable sales analysis and include both observable and unobservable inputs. Inputs include existing and assumed tenancies, market
data from recent comparable transactions, future economic outlook and market risk assumptions, capitalization rates and internal rates of
return. Investment properties are classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.
When a property changes from own use to investment property, any gain or loss arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair value
at the date of transfer is recognized in OCI, to the extent that it is not reversing a previous impairment loss. Reversals of impairment losses
are recognized in income.
Other invested assets include private equity and property investments held in infrastructure and timber, as well as in agriculture and oil
and gas sectors. Private equity investments are accounted for as associates or joint ventures using the equity method (as described in note
1(d) above) or are classified as FVTPL or AFS and carried at fair value. Investments in oil and gas exploration and evaluation activities are
measured on the cost basis using the “successful efforts” method. Timber and agriculture properties are measured at fair value with
changes in fair value recognized in income, except for buildings, equipment and bearer plants which are measured at amortized cost. The
fair value of other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques as described in note 4. Other invested assets that
are measured or disclosed at fair value are primarily classified as Level 3.
Other invested assets also include investments in leveraged leases, which are accounted for using the equity method. The carrying value
under the equity method reflects the amortized cost of the lease receivable and related non-recourse debt using the effective yield method.

(f) Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill represents the difference between the fair value of purchase consideration of an acquired business and the Company’s
proportionate share of the net identifiable assets acquired. It is initially recorded at cost and subsequently measured at cost less any
accumulated impairment.
Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts
may not be recoverable at the cash generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs level. The Company allocates goodwill to CGUs or group of
CGUs for impairment testing at the lowest level within the entity where the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. The
allocation is made to those CGUs or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs.
Goodwill is reduced by the amount of deficiency, if any. If the deficiency exceeds the carrying amount of goodwill, the carrying values of the
remaining assets in the CGU or group of CGUs are subject to being reduced by the remaining deficiency on a pro-rata basis.

                                                                                                                                            149
The recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of the estimated fair value less costs to sell or the value-in-use of the CGU
or group of CGUs. In assessing value-in-use, estimated future cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU or group of CGUs. In some cases, the most recent
detailed calculation made in a prior period of a recoverable amount is used in the current period impairment testing. This is the case only if
there are no significant changes to the CGU or group of CGUs, the likelihood of impairment is remote based on the analysis of current
events and circumstances, and the most recently calculated recoverable amount substantially exceeded the current carrying amount of
the CGU or group of CGUs.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives include the John Hancock brand name, certain investment management contracts and certain
agricultural water rights. The indefinite useful life assessment for the John Hancock brand name is based on the brand name being protected
by indefinitely renewable trademarks in markets where branded products are sold, and for certain investment management contracts based
on the ability to renew these contracts indefinitely. In addition, there are no legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit the useful
lives of these intangible assets. Certain agricultural water rights are held in perpetuity. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not
amortized but is subject to an annual impairment test which is performed more frequently if an indication that it is not recoverable arises.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives include acquired distribution networks, customer relationships, capitalized software, and certain
investment management contracts and other contractual rights. Distribution networks, customer relationships, and other finite life
intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, six to 68 years, either based on straight-line or in relation to other asset
consumption metrics. Software intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three to 10
years. Finite life intangible assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If indications of impairment arise,
these assets are tested for impairment.

(g) Miscellaneous assets
Miscellaneous assets include assets held in a rabbi trust with respect to unfunded defined benefit obligations, defined benefit assets, if
any, deferred acquisition costs and capital assets. Rabbi trust assets are carried at fair value. Defined benefit assets carrying value is
explained in note 1(o). Deferred acquisition costs are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and are amortized over the period
redemption fees may be charged or over the period revenue is earned. Capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization
computed on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which vary from two to 10 years.

(h) Segregated funds
The Company manages segregated funds on behalf of policyholders, which are presented as segregated fund net assets with offsetting
segregated funds net liabilities to policyholders in the amount of their account balances. Amounts invested by the Company in segregated
funds for seed purposes are presented within invested asset categories based on the nature of the underlying investments. The investment
returns on these funds are passed directly to policyholders. In some cases, the Company has provided guarantees associated with these
funds.
Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value and include investments in mutual funds, debt securities, equities, cash, short-
term investments and other investments. With respect to the consolidation requirement of IFRS, in assessing the Company’s degree of
control over the underlying investments, the Company considers the scope of its decision-making rights, the rights held by other parties,
its remuneration as an investment manager and its exposure to variability of returns from the investments. The Company has determined
that it does not have control over the underlying investments as it acts as an agent on behalf of segregated fund policyholders.
The methodology applied to determine the fair value of investments held in segregated funds is consistent with that applied to invested
assets held by the general fund, as described above in note 1(e). Segregated funds liabilities are measured based on the value of the
segregated funds net assets. Investment returns on segregated funds assets belong to policyholders and the Company does not bear the
risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products, for which the underlying
investments are held within segregated funds. Accordingly, investment income earned by segregated funds and expenses incurred by
segregated funds are offset and are not separately presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Fee income earned by the
Company for managing and administering the segregated funds is included in other revenue.
Liabilities related to guarantees associated with certain segregated funds, as a result of certain variable life and annuity contracts, are
recorded within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities. The Company holds assets supporting these guarantees in the general fund,
which are included in invested assets according to their investment type.

(i) Insurance and investment contract liabilities
Most contracts issued by the Company are considered insurance, investment or service contracts. Contracts under which the Company
accepts significant insurance risk from a policyholder are classified as insurance contracts in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A
contract is considered to have significant insurance risk if, and only if, an insured event could cause an insurer to make significant
additional payments in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance at the inception of the contract. Contracts under
which the Company does not accept significant insurance risk are either classified as investment contracts or considered service contracts
and are accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” or IFRS 15 “Revenue from
Contracts with Customers”, respectively.

150 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract it remains an insurance contract even if the insurance risk reduces
significantly. Investment contracts can be reclassified as insurance contracts if insurance risk subsequently becomes significant.
Insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance assets, represent the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes)
and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance contract liabilities are presented gross of reinsurance assets on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position. The Company’s Appointed Actuary is responsible for determining the amount of insurance contract liabilities in
accordance with standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance assets,
have been determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (“CALM”) as permitted by IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”. Refer to note 7.
Investment contract liabilities include contracts issued to retail and institutional investors that do not contain significant insurance risk.
Investment contract liabilities and deposits are measured at amortized cost or at FVTPL by election. The election reduces accounting
mismatches between FVTPL assets supporting these contracts and the related contract liabilities. Investment contract liabilities are
derecognized when the contract expires, is discharged or is cancelled.
Derivatives embedded within insurance contracts are separately accounted for as derivatives if they are not considered to be closely
related to the host insurance contract and do not meet the definition of an insurance contract. These embedded derivatives are presented
separately in other assets or other liabilities and are measured at FVTPL.

(j) Reinsurance assets
The Company uses reinsurance in the normal course of business to manage its risk exposure. Insurance ceded to a reinsurer does not
relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. The Company remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured to the
extent that any reinsurer does not meet its obligations for reinsurance ceded to it under a reinsurance agreement.
Reinsurance assets represent the benefit derived from reinsurance agreements in-force at the reporting date, considering the financial
condition of the reinsurer. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in accordance with the terms of the relevant reinsurance
contract.
Gains or losses on reinsurance transactions are recognized in income immediately on the transaction date and are not amortized.
Premiums ceded and claims reimbursed are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Reinsurance assets
are not offset against the related insurance contract liabilities and are presented separately on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. Refer to note 7(a).

(k) Other financial instruments accounted for as liabilities
The Company issues a variety of other financial instruments classified as liabilities, including notes payable, term notes, senior notes,
senior debentures, subordinated notes, surplus notes and preferred shares. These financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost, with
issuance costs deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method.

(l) Income taxes
The provision for income taxes is calculated based on income tax laws and income tax rates substantively enacted as at the date of the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The income tax provision is comprised of current income taxes and deferred income taxes.
Current and deferred income taxes relating to items recognized in OCI and directly in equity are similarly recognized in OCI and directly in
equity, respectively.
Current income taxes are amounts expected to be payable or recoverable for the current year and any adjustments to taxes payable in
respect of previous years.
Deferred income taxes are provided for using the liability method and result from temporary differences between the carrying values of
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income taxes are measured at the substantively enacted tax rates that are
expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse.
A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that future realization of the tax benefit is probable. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the tax benefit will be realized. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and they relate to income taxes levied by
the same tax authority on the same taxable entity.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except in respect of taxable temporary differences associated
with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be
controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Company records liabilities for uncertain tax positions if it is probable that the Company will make a payment on tax positions due to
examinations by tax authorities. These provisions are measured at the Company’s best estimate of the amount expected to be paid.
Provisions are reversed to income in the period in which management assesses they are no longer required or determined by statute.


                                                                                                                                                   151
The Company is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions. Tax laws are complex and potentially subject to different interpretations
by the taxpayer and the relevant tax authority. The provision for current income taxes and deferred income taxes represents
management’s interpretation of the relevant tax laws and its estimate of current and future income tax implications of the transactions and
events during the year. The Company may be required to change its provision for income taxes or deferred income tax balances when the
ultimate deductibility of certain items is successfully challenged by taxing authorities, or if estimates used in determining the amount of
deferred tax balances to recognize change significantly, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in the
amount of deferred income taxes to be recognized. Additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or
interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income taxes, deferred tax balances and the effective
tax rate. Any such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the period these
changes occur.

(m) Foreign currency translation
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are measured by each
entity using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). If their functional
currency is other than Canadian dollar, these entities are foreign operations of the Company.
Transactions in a foreign currency are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction.
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate in effect at the
reporting date. Revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the average exchange rate prevailing during the
quarter reported. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in income except for translation of net investments in foreign operations and
the results of hedging these positions, and for non-monetary items designated as AFS. These foreign exchange gains and losses are
recognized in OCI until such time that the foreign operation or non-monetary item is disposed of or control or significant influence over it is
lost.
The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Canadian dollars. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign operations
are translated from their functional currencies to Canadian dollars; assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate at the
reporting date, and revenue and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates for the period. Foreign exchange gains and
losses on these translations are recognized in OCI, subject to reclassification to income upon disposal of a foreign operation.

(n) Stock-based compensation
The Company provides stock-based compensation to certain employees and directors as described in note 15. Compensation expense of
equity instruments granted is accrued based on the best estimate of the number of instruments expected to vest, with revisions made to
that estimate if subsequent information indicates that actual forfeitures are likely to differ from initial forfeiture estimates, unless
forfeitures are due to market-based conditions.
Stock options are expensed with a corresponding increase in contributed surplus. Restricted share units and deferred share units are
expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on the market value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter.
Performance share units are expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on specific performance conditions and the market
value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter. The change in the value of the awards resulting from changes in the market
value of MFC’s common shares or changes in the specific performance conditions and credited dividends is recognized in income, offset by
the impact of total return swaps used to manage the variability of the related liabilities.
Stock-based compensation cost is recognized over the applicable vesting period, unless the employee is eligible to retire at the time of
grant or will be eligible to retire during the vesting period. Compensation costs attributable to stock options, restricted share units, and
performance share units granted to employees who are eligible to retire on the grant date or who will become eligible to retire during the
vesting period, are recognized at the grant date or over the period from the grant date to the date of retirement eligibility, respectively.
The Company’s contributions to the Global Share Ownership Plan (“GSOP”) (refer to note 15(d)), are expensed as incurred. Under the
GSOP, subject to certain conditions, the Company will match a percentage of an employee’s eligible contributions to certain maximums. All
contributions are used by the plan’s trustee to purchase MFC common shares in the open market on behalf of participating employees.

(o) Employee future benefits
The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and
agents including registered (tax qualified) pension plans that are typically funded as well as supplemental non-registered (non-qualified)
pension plans for executives, retiree and disability welfare plans that are typically not funded.
The Company’s obligation in respect of defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits is calculated for each plan as the
estimated present value of future benefits that eligible employees have earned in return for their service up to the reporting date using the
projected benefit method. The discount rate used is based on the yield, as at the reporting date, of high-quality corporate debt securities
that have approximately the same term as the benefit obligations and that are denominated in the same currency in which the benefits are
expected to be paid.


152 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
To determine the Company’s net defined benefit asset or liability, the fair value of plan assets is deducted from the defined benefit
obligations. When this calculation results in a surplus, the asset that can be recognized is limited to the present value of future economic
benefit available in the form of future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan (the asset limit). Defined
benefit assets are included in other assets and defined benefit liabilities are included in other liabilities.
Changes in the net defined benefit asset or liability due to re-measurement of pension and retiree welfare plans are recorded in OCI in the
period in which they occur and are not reclassified to income in subsequent periods. They consist of actuarial gains and losses, the impact
of the asset limit, if any, and the return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in net interest income or expense. Changes in the net
defined benefit asset or liability due to re-measurement of disability welfare plans are recorded in income in the period in which they occur.
The cost of defined benefit pension plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to retirement while the cost of retiree welfare
plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to their date of full eligibility. The net benefit cost for the year is recorded in
income and is calculated as the sum of the service cost in respect of the fiscal year, the net interest income or expense and any applicable
administration expenses, plus past service costs or credits resulting from plan amendments or curtailments. The net interest income or
expense is determined by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit asset or liability. The current year cost of disability welfare
plans is the year-over-year change in the defined benefit obligation, including any actuarial gains or losses.
The cost of defined contribution plans is the contribution provided by the Company and is recorded in income in the periods during which
services are rendered by employees.

(p) Derivative and hedging instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to
manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market
prices, and to replicate permissible investments. Derivatives embedded in other financial instruments are separately recorded as
derivatives when their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host instrument, the terms of the
embedded derivative are the same as those of a standalone derivative and the host instrument itself is not recorded at FVTPL. Derivatives
which are separate financial instruments are recorded at fair value, and those with unrealized gains reported as derivative assets and those
with unrealized losses reported as derivative liabilities.
A determination is made for each derivative as to whether to apply hedge accounting. Where hedge accounting is not applied, changes in
the fair value of derivatives are recorded in investment income. Refer to note 4(c).
Where the Company has elected to apply hedge accounting, a hedging relationship is designated and documented at inception. Hedge
effectiveness is evaluated at inception and throughout the term of the hedge. Hedge accounting is only applied when the Company expects
that the hedging relationship will be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or changes in cash flows attributable to the
risk being hedged. The assessment of hedge effectiveness is performed at the end of each reporting period both prospectively and
retrospectively. When it is determined that a hedging relationship is no longer effective, or the hedging instrument or the hedged item has
been sold or terminated, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. In such cases, if the derivatives are not sold or
terminated, any subsequent changes in fair value of the derivatives are recognized in investment income.
For derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are recorded according to the nature of the risks being
hedged, as discussed below.
In a fair value hedging relationship, changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recorded in investment income, offsetting
changes in fair value of the hedged items, which would otherwise not be carried at fair value. Hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in
investment income and arises from differences between changes in the fair values of hedging instruments and hedged items. When hedge
accounting is discontinued, the carrying value of the hedged item is no longer adjusted and the cumulative fair value adjustments are
amortized to investment income over the remaining term of the hedged item unless the hedged item is sold, at which time the balance is
recognized immediately in investment income.
In a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in OCI while
the ineffective portion is recognized in investment income. Gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) are
recognized in income during the same periods that the variability in the hedged cash flows or the hedged forecasted transactions are
recognized in income. The reclassifications from AOCI are made to investment income, except for total return swaps that hedge stock-
based compensation awards, which are reclassified to general expenses.
Gains and losses on cash flow hedges in AOCI are reclassified immediately to investment income when the hedged item is sold or the
forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur. When a hedge is discontinued, but the hedged forecasted transaction is expected to
occur, the amounts in AOCI are reclassified to investment income in the periods during which variability in the cash flows hedged or the
hedged forecasted transaction is recognized in income.
In a net investment in foreign operations hedging relationship, gains and losses relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recorded
in OCI. Gains and losses in AOCI are recognized in income during the periods when gains or losses on the underlying hedged net
investment in foreign operations are recognized in income upon disposal of the foreign operation.

                                                                                                                                             153
(q) Premium income and related expenses
Gross premiums for all types of insurance contracts, and contracts with limited mortality or morbidity risk, are generally recognized as
revenue when due. Premiums are reported gross of reinsurance ceded (refer to note 7).

(r) Revenue from service contracts
The Company recognizes revenue from service contracts in accordance with IFRS 15. The Company’s service contracts generally impose
single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of similar related services for each customer. Revenue is recorded as
performance obligations are satisfied over time because the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the services
rendered, measured using an output method. Revenue for variable consideration is recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a
significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved. Refer to
note 14.


Note 2 Accounting and Reporting Changes
(a) Changes in accounting and reporting policy
(i) Annual Improvements 2018 – 2020 Cycle
Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle was issued in May 2020 and is effective on or after January 1, 2022. The IASB issued four minor
amendments to different standards as part of the Annual Improvements process, to be applied prospectively. Adoption of these
amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(ii) Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”
Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” were issued in May 2020, and are effective on or after January 1, 2022, with earlier
application permitted. The amendments update references within IFRS 3 to the 2018 Conceptual Framework and require that the
principles in IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” be used to identify liabilities and contingent assets arising
from a business combination. Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial
Statements.

(iii) Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”
Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” were issued in May 2020, and are effective on or after
January 1, 2022, with earlier application permitted. The amendments address identifying onerous contracts and specify the cost of
fulfilling a contract which includes all costs directly related to the contract. These include incremental direct costs and allocations of other
costs that relate directly to fulfilling the contract. Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b) Future accounting and reporting changes
(i) IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”
IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” was issued in May 2017 to be effective for years beginning on January 1, 2021. Amendments to IFRS 17
“Insurance Contracts” were issued in June 2020 and include a two-year deferral of the effective date. IFRS 17 as amended, is effective for
years beginning on January 1, 2023, to be applied retrospectively. If full retrospective application to a group of contracts is impracticable
the modified retrospective or fair value methods may be used. The standard replaced IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” and therefore replaced
the Canadian Asset Liability Method (“CALM”) and materially changed the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts and the
corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
Narrow-scope amendments to IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” were issued in December 2021 and were effective on initial application of
IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” which the Company has adopted on January 1, 2023. The amendments reduce accounting
mismatches between insurance contract liabilities and financial assets in scope of IFRS 9 within comparative prior periods when initially
applying IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. The amendments allow insurers to present comparative information on financial assets as if IFRS 9 were fully
applicable during the comparative period. The amendments do not permit application of IFRS 9 hedge accounting principles to the
comparative period.
The principles underlying IFRS 17 differ from CALM as permitted by IFRS 4. While there are many differences, the following outlines some
of the key measurement differences:
• Under IFRS 17 new business gains are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (in the Contractual Service Margin
  (“CSM”) component of the insurance contract liability) and amortized into income as services are provided. New business losses are
  recorded into income immediately. Under CALM, both new business gains and new business losses were recognized in income
  immediately.
• Under IFRS 17 the Company aggregates insurance contracts that are subject to similar risks and managed together into portfolios.
  Since new business gains and losses have different accounting treatments, insurance contracts are further aggregated into groups by

154 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   profitability and issuance period to limit offsetting of new business gains and losses. Such aggregation of contracts into groups is
   required on initial recognition and not reassessed subsequently. Under CALM, new business gains and new business losses offset each
   other in income.
• Under IFRS 17 the discount rate used to estimate the present value of insurance contract liabilities is based on the characteristics of the
  liabilities. Under CALM, the rates of returns for current and projected assets supporting insurance contract liabilities were used to value
  the liabilities. The difference in the discount rate approach also impacts the timing of investment results. Under IFRS 17, the impact of
  investing activities will emerge into earnings over the life of the assets. Under CALM, the impact of investing activities was capitalized
  into reserves and therefore earnings in the period they occurred.
• Under IFRS 17 the insurance contract liability discount rate is not related to the expected return on Alternative Long-Duration Assets
  (“ALDA”) and public equity assets, and as a result, the earnings sensitivity of a change in return assumptions for ALDA and public equity
  assets will be significantly reduced.
• Under IFRS 17 the Company has elected the option to record changes in insurance contract liabilities arising from changes in interest
  rates through other comprehensive income, for substantially all insurance products, and classify debt instruments supporting these
  insurance contract liabilities as fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) under IFRS 9. Under CALM, changes in
  insurance contract liabilities were recorded in income and supporting debt instruments were classified as FVTPL.
• Under IFRS 17 the Company separates specific embedded derivatives and distinct investment components from insurance contracts
  and accounts for them under IFRS 9. Under IFRS 4 the treatment of embedded derivatives is consistent with IFRS 17, however under
  IFRS 4 the Company did not separate deposit components as this was not required by the standard.
• Under IFRS 17 insurance contracts with different features are measured by one of the three measurement models: General
  Measurement Model (“GMM”), Premium Allocation Approach (“PAA”) and Variable Fee Approach (“VFA”). Under IFRS 4, insurance
  contracts were generally valued by one measurement model, although an unearned premium reserve method similar to PAA was
  allowed and used by Manulife for certain short duration / annually renewable business.
In addition, there are significant changes to presentation and disclosure of the financial statements. The following outlines some of the key
presentation and disclosure changes:
• Consolidated Statements of Financial Position: Under IFRS 17 the Company presents portfolios of insurance and reinsurance contracts
  issued separately from portfolios of reinsurance contracts held, and portfolios in asset position are further presented separately from
  portfolios in liability position. Under CALM, contracts were not split and presented by asset and liability position.
• Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: Under IFRS 17 the Company separately presents insurance revenue, insurance
  service expense, insurance finance income or expenses, and income or expenses from reinsurance contracts held. Under CALM the
  Company reported premium income, gross claims and benefits, changes in insurance contract liabilities, benefits and expenses ceded
  to reinsurers, and changes in reinsurance assets.

IFRS 17 Transition
The Company is required to prepare an opening balance sheet as at January 1, 2022, the date of transition to IFRS 17, which forms the
starting point for its financial reporting in accordance with IFRS 17. Any differences between the carrying value and the presentation of
assets, liabilities and equity determined in accordance with CALM and IFRS 17, as at January 1, 2022, will be recorded in opening retained
earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income.
On the transition date, January 1, 2022, the Company;
• Identified, recognized, and measured each group of contracts as if IFRS 17 had always applied, unless it was impracticable (see Full
  Retrospective Approach and Fair Value Approach below);
• Identified, recognized, and measured assets for insurance acquisition cash flows as if IFRS 17 had always applied, unless it was
  impracticable. However, no recoverability assessment was performed before the transition date;
• Derecognized any balances that would not exist had IFRS 17 always applied;
• Measured own use real estate properties that were underlying items of insurance contracts with direct participation features at fair
  value; and
• Recognized any resulting net difference in equity.

Full Retrospective Approach
The Company has adopted IFRS 17 retrospectively unless the full retrospective approach was deemed impracticable. The Company has
applied the full retrospective approach to most contracts issued on or after January 1, 2021, except for participating insurance contracts
and variable annuity contracts for which the fair value approach was used.


                                                                                                                                          155
Fair Value Approach
The Company has applied the fair value approach to all insurance contracts issued prior to January 1, 2021, as obtaining reasonable and
supportable information to apply the full retrospective approach was deemed impracticable.
IFRS 17 allows the use of the fair value approach for groups of insurance contracts with direct participation features if the risk mitigation
option is applied prospectively from the transition date and the Company used derivatives, reinsurance contracts held or non-derivative
financial instruments held at FVTPL to mitigate financial risk on these groups of contracts. With these conditions met, the Company has
elected to apply the fair value approach to participating insurance contracts and variable annuity contracts issued on or after January 1,
2021.
Under the fair value approach, the Company has determined the CSM of the GMM and VFA liabilities for remaining coverage at the
transition date as the difference between the fair value of the groups of insurance contracts and the fulfilment cash flows measured at that
date. In determining the fair value, the Company has applied the requirements of IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement”, except for the demand
deposit floor requirement. The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the insurance contracts at the transition
date, in which future cash flows are discounted to a single amount that reflects current market expectations about those future amounts.
To determine groups of insurance contracts under the fair value approach the Company has aggregated contracts issued more than one
year apart as it did not have reasonable and supportable information to divide groups into those including only contracts issued within one
year or less.
For the application of the fair value approach, the Company has used reasonable and supportable information available at the transition
date in order to:
• Identify groups of insurance contracts;
• Determine whether an insurance contract meets the definition of an insurance contract with direct participation features;
• Identify discretionary cash flows for insurance contracts without direct participation features; and
• Determine whether an investment contract meets the definition of an investment contract with discretionary participation features.
For insurance contracts where the fair value approach was applied, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the group of
insurance contracts was determined at the transition date. For cash flows of insurance contracts that do not vary based on the returns on
underlying items, the Company determines discount rates by adjusting a liquid risk-free yield curve to reflect the differences between the
liquidity characteristics of the financial instruments that underlie the rates observed in the market and the liquidity characteristics of the
insurance contracts (a bottom-up approach).

Other Comprehensive Income at Transition
Under IFRS 17 changes in the carrying amount of insurance contracts arising from the effect of and changes in the time value of money
and in financial risk are presented as insurance finance income or expense (except for some changes for insurance contracts with direct
participation features under certain circumstances). Under IFRS 17 the Company has the option to present all insurance finance income or
expense in profit or loss or disaggregated between profit or loss and OCI (the “OCI option”). The Company has elected the OCI option and
determined the cumulative OCI balance at transition as follows:
• For some GMM and PAA groups of contracts where the fair value approach was applied, the cumulative OCI was set retrospectively only
  if reasonable and supportable information was available, otherwise it was set to zero at the transition date.
• For GMM groups of contracts where the full retrospective approach was applied, the cumulative balance was calculated as if the
  Company had been applying the OCI option since inception of the contracts.
• For VFA contracts, the cumulative OCI at transition was set equal to the difference between the market value and carrying value of the
  underlying items.

Reclassification of Financial Assets for the Comparative Period of IFRS 17 Adoption
Under the amendments to IFRS 17 with regard to the “Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information” (“IFRS 17
amendments”), the Company has elected the option to reclassify financial assets, including those held in respect of activities not
connected to contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, for the comparative period in alignment with the
expected classification on initial application of IFRS 9 as at January 1, 2023. These reclassification changes also led the Company to
present certain investment results previously reported in net investment income or OCI under IAS 39, within OCI or net investment income
in alignment with the expected classifications of IFRS 9, respectively.




156 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents invested assets by type and measurement category as at December 31, 2021, with transitional measurement
differences and presentation differences and then invested assets by type and category as at January 1, 2022.
                                                                                                        Impact of IFRS 17
                                           December 31, 2021                                              Amendments                         January 1, 2022
                                                       IAS 39
                                                  Measurement        Total carrying             Measurement        Presentation                 Total carrying     Measurement
                                                     Category                 value              Differences        Differences                          value     Category
Cash and short-term securities                           AFS         $    14,339                    $        –     $     2,214                   $    16,553       FVOCI(1)
                                                       FVTPL               2,214                             –          (2,214)                            –       FVTPL(2)
                                               Amortized cost              6,041                             –               –                         6,041       Amortized cost(3)
                                                                          22,594                             –               –                        22,594

Debt securities                                          AFS              33,097                             –       184,365                         217,462       FVOCI(1)
                                                       FVTPL             189,722                             –      (184,365)                          5,357       FVTPL(2)
                                               Amortized cost              1,320                             –             –                           1,320       Amortized cost(3)
                                                                         224,139                             –             –                         224,139

Public equities                                            AFS             2,351                            –           (2,351)                            –
                                                         FVTPL            25,716                            –            2,351                        28,067       FVTPL(2)
                                                                          28,067                            –                –                        28,067
Mortgages                                                AFS                   –                        1,897           29,901                        31,798       FVOCI(1)
                                                       FVTPL                   –                           37            1,166                         1,203       FVTPL(2)
                                               Amortized cost             52,014                            –          (31,067)                       20,947       Amortized cost(3)
                                                                          52,014                        1,934                –                        53,948

Private placements                                       AFS                   –                        4,407           42,175                        46,582       FVOCI(1)
                                                       FVTPL                   –                           40              667                           707       FVTPL(2)
                                               Amortized cost             42,842                            –          (42,842)                            –       Amortized cost(3)
                                                                          42,842                        4,447                –                        47,289

Policy loans                                   Amortized cost              6,397                             –          (6,397)                              –     N/A(4)

Loans to Bank clients                          Amortized cost              2,506                             –                 –                       2,506       Amortized cost(3)

Other invested assets                                    AFS                  89                           (4)               238                         323       FVOCI(1)
                                                       FVTPL              21,157                          (10)               617                      21,764       FVTPL(2)
                                               Amortized cost                855                            –               (855)                          –       Amortized cost(3)
                                                                          22,101                          (14)                 –                      22,087
Total in-scope invested
  assets                                                               400,660                        6,367             (6,397)                    400,630
Out-of-scope invested assets(5)                           Other         26,438                        1,035                  –                      27,473         Other(5)
Total Invested Assets                                                $ 427,098                      $ 7,402        $    (6,397)                  $ 428,103
(1) The reclassification of unrealized gains (losses), net of tax, of $11,868 from retained earnings to accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) related to FVOCI

  classification of debt investments classified as FVTPL under IAS 39.
(2) The reclassification of unrealized gains (losses), net of tax, of $268 from AOCI to retained earnings related to FVTPL classification of debt securities classified as FVOCI under

  IAS 39.
(3) The remeasurement of debt securities from amortized cost to FVOCI or FVTPL resulted in an increase in carrying value of $6,367. The impact on AOCI and retained earnings,

  net of tax, was $5,041 and $952, respectively.
(4) Policy loans were reclassified from invested assets to insurance contract liabilities under IFRS 17 with no remeasurement and no impact to equity.
(5) Own use real estate properties which are underlying items for insurance contracts with direct participating features were remeasured to fair value as if they were investment

  properties, as permitted by IFRS 17. This remeasurement resulted in an increase of carrying value of $1,035. The impact to retained earnings, net of tax, was $915.

The Company has elected to apply the impairment requirements of IAS 39 (incurred losses) for the comparative period as provided for
under IFRS 17. Accordingly, for assets that were classified as FVTPL under IAS 39, where no impairment was required, but were
reclassified to FVOCI or amortized cost under IFRS 9 for the comparative period, the Company did not measure any impairment for the
comparative period since IAS 39 impairment was not calculated.




                                                                                                                                                                                    157
)




    Opening balance sheet under IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” including classification and measurement changes of financial assets
    Effects from applying IFRS 17 resulted in a reduction of total equity of $11,997, net of tax, as at January 1, 2022. The opening IFRS 17
    balance sheet and related adjustments as at January 1, 2022 are presented below:

                                                                                                                     OPENING IFRS BALANCE SHEET ADJUSTMENTS
                                                                                                      IFRS 4 &                                                                 IFRS 17 &
                                                                                                                         Measurement Differences
                                                                                                        IAS 39                                                                    IAS 39
                                                                                                  December 31,           Transition        Contract       Presentation        January 1,
                                                                                                         2021                 CSM      Measurement         Differences             2022
    Assets
    Total invested assets                                                                          $ 427,098         $         –        $  7,402          $    (6,397)      $ 428,103
    Total other assets                                                                                90,757               2,877           5,617                1,078         100,329
    Segregated funds net assets                                                                      399,788                   –               –                    –         399,788
    Total assets                                                                                   $ 917,643         $     2,877        $ 13,019          $    (5,319)      $ 928,220
    Liabilities and Equity
       Insurance contract liabilities                                                              $ 392,275         $ 21,466(1)        $ 10,014          $ (18,134)        $ 405,621
       Segregated funds insurance net liabilities                                                          –                –                  –            130,836           130,836
    Total insurance contract liabilities                                                             392,275           21,466             10,014            112,702           536,457
    Total investment contract liabilities                                                              3,116                –                  –            275,900           279,016
    Other liabilities                                                                                 63,595           (2,823)              (784)             5,867            65,855
    Segregated funds net liabilities                                                                 399,788                –                  –           (399,788)                –
    Total liabilities                                                                                858,774           18,643              9,230             (5,319)          881,328
    Equity
    Shareholders’ retained earnings                                                                     23,492           (13,607)              (229)                  –            9,656
    Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
       Net insurance finance expenses                                                                      –                –       (17,117)                          –       (17,117)
       Net reinsurance finance income                                                                      –                –           984                           –           984
       FVOCI investments                                                                                 848                –        16,916                           –        17,764
       Other equity items                                                                             34,068                –             –                                    34,068
    Total shareholders’ equity                                                                        58,408          (13,607)          554                         –          45,355
    Participating policyholders’ equity                                                               (1,233)          (1,440)(1)     2,774                         –             101
    Non-controlling interests                                                                          1,694             (719)(1)       461                         –           1,436
    Total equity                                                                                      58,869          (15,766)        3,789                         –          46,892
    Total liabilities and equity                                                                   $ 917,643         $ 2,877      $ 13,019                $    (5,319)      $ 928,220
    (1) The post-tax CSM in the participating policyholders’ fund of $1.4 billion is expected to be recognized in shareholder net income over time. In addition, $0.7 billion of post-tax

      CSM is attributable to non-controlling interests.

    The following table shows the nature and amount of the measurement adjustments made to the opening balance sheet:

      Measurement
      Differences            Description

      Transition             Contractual Service Margin (CSM) is a new liability that represents future unearned profits on insurance contracts written. For this
      CSM                    measurement step, the amount recognized as at the transition date, January 1, 2022, was $21,466. The impact on equity was
                             $15,766, net of tax.

      Contract               Under IFRS 17 other components of insurance contracts, aside from the CSM, are also remeasured. This measurement step
      Measurement            includes the following changes:
                             Risk Adjustment (+2.1 billion to equity)(1): Changes to the provisions held within the Company’s insurance liabilities for
                             non-economic risk on application of the IFRS 17 standard;
                             Discount Rates (-1.5 billion to equity)(1): Changes in the economic assumptions used in the determination of the Company’s
                             insurance liabilities from the IFRS 4 CALM framework to IFRS 17, and changes in the carrying value of the Company’s assets backing
                             insurance liabilities under IFRS 9;
                             Other Revaluation Changes (+3.1 billion to equity): Includes other changes in equity created by the application of IFRS 17. This
                             includes changes to accounting for contract classifications, variable annuity guarantee contracts, and contract boundaries which
                             increases the capitalization of future profits into the CSM, changes to the provisions for future taxes, and other changes related to
                             the application of IFRS 17.

      Participating          In previous steps all impacts to equity were shown in shareholders’ equity. This step shows the geography of the impacts between
      and                    shareholders’ equity, participating policyholders’ equity and non-controlling interests.
      Non-Controlling
      Interest (NCI)
      Equity
    (1) Excluding impacts on variable annuity guarantee contracts




    158 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The presentation differences are mainly comprised of the following:
• Policy loans invested assets – Reclassified to insurance contract liabilities as they are insurance contract related.
• Contract classification – Some contracts were reclassified from insurance contracts to investment contracts or service contracts, with
  some contracts reclassified from investment contracts to insurance contracts. The amount shown in presentation differences in the
  table above relates to where they appear in the opening balance sheet. Any changes to these contracts’ measurement value are shown
  in the contract measurement step.
• Insurance receivables & payables – These amounts were previously reported either as separate line items in the financial statements
  or recorded in miscellaneous assets and liabilities. These amounts have been reclassified to insurance contract liabilities as they are
  insurance contract related.
• Embedded derivatives – These amounts were previously reported in miscellaneous assets and have been reclassified to insurance
  contract liabilities as they are insurance contract related.
• Reinsurance funds withheld – These amounts were previously reported in other liabilities and have been reclassified to reinsurance
  contract assets as they are reinsurance contract related.
• Deferred acquisition cost – These were previously reported in miscellaneous assets and have been reclassified to insurance contract
  liabilities as they are insurance contract related.
• Segregated fund net liabilities – Segregated fund net liabilities were previously reported together, and have been separated into
  segregated fund insurance net liabilities (those associated with insurance contracts) and segregated funds investment contract net
  liabilities (those associated with investment contracts) which form part of total investment contract liabilities.

(ii) IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”
IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” was issued in November 2009 and amended in October 2010, November 2013 and July 2014, and is
effective for years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, to be applied retrospectively, or on a modified retrospective basis. Additionally,
the IASB issued amendments in October 2017 that are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. In conjunction
with the amendments to IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” issued in June 2020, the IASB amended IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” to permit
eligible insurers to apply IFRS 9 effective January 1, 2023, alongside IFRS 17. The standard replaced IAS 39 “Financial Instruments:
Recognition and Measurement”.
The project has been divided into three phases: classification and measurement, impairment of financial assets, and hedge accounting.
IFRS 9’s current classification and measurement methodology provides that financial assets are measured at either amortized cost or fair
value on the basis of the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the
financial assets. The classification and measurement for financial liabilities remains generally unchanged; however, for a financial liability
designated as at fair value through profit or loss, revisions have been made in the accounting for changes in fair value attributable to
changes in the credit risk of that liability. Gains or losses caused by changes in an entity’s own credit risk on such liabilities are no longer
recognized in profit or loss but instead are reflected in OCI.
Revisions to hedge accounting were issued in November 2013 as part of the overall IFRS 9 project. The amendment introduces a new
hedge accounting model, together with corresponding disclosures about risk management activity for those applying hedge accounting.
The new model represents a substantial overhaul of hedge accounting that will enable entities to better reflect their risk management
activities in their financial statements. When IFRS 9 is first adopted, entities have the option to apply the hedge accounting requirements
under IFRS 9 or to continue to apply the hedge accounting requirements under IAS 39. Such option will apply to all hedge accounting
relationships.
Revisions issued in July 2014 replaced the existing incurred loss model used for measuring the allowance for credit losses with an
expected loss model. Changes were also made to the existing classification and measurement model designed primarily to address
specific application issues raised by early adopters of the standard. They also addressed the income statement accounting mismatches
and short-term volatility issues which have been identified as a result of the insurance contracts project.
The Company has adopted IFRS 9 beginning on January 1, 2023, as permitted under the June 2020 amendments to IFRS 4 “Insurance
Contracts”. Consistent with IFRS 17 amendments, the adoption of IFRS 9 resulted in certain differences in the classification and
measurement of financial assets when compared to their classification and measurement under IAS 39. The most significant changes
included approximately $184 billion of debt securities previously classified as FVTPL which are classified as FVOCI (see note 2(b)(i)).
The Company has elected to apply the hedge accounting requirements under IFRS 9 to all hedge accounting relationships prospectively.
As at January 1, 2023, all existing IAS 39 hedge accounting relationships were assessed and qualify for hedge accounting under IFRS 9.
These existing relationships are treated as continuing hedge accounting relationships under IFRS 9 beginning on January 1, 2023; and will
be disclosed with comparative information for 2022 under IAS 39.
The Company will also be designating new hedge accounting relationships with the objective to reduce accounting mismatches between
existing derivatives’ changes in income and financial risk changes in OCI for IFRS 17 insurance liabilities and IFRS 9 financial assets. New
hedge accounting relationships are effective prospectively on January 1, 2023; and will not have comparative disclosure in the financial
statements for 2022.


                                                                                                                                              159
Note 3 Acquisitions
(a) Manulife TEDA Fund Management
In November, 2022 the Company acquired control of Manulife TEDA Fund Management Co., LTD through the purchase of the remaining
51% of shares that it did not already own from its joint venture partner. The transaction furthers the Company’s goals of expanding both its
Asian and asset management businesses.
The transaction included $334 of cash consideration and derecognition of the Company’s previous joint venture interest with a fair value of
$321. The Company recorded a gain of $95 on derecognition of the previous joint venture interest. The Company recognized $160 of
tangible net assets, $240 of intangible assets and $255 of goodwill.


Note 4 Invested Assets and Investment Income
(a) Carrying values and fair values of invested assets
                                                                                                                    Total carrying         Total fair
As at December 31, 2022                                                      FVTPL(1)       AFS(2)       Other(3)          value(4)         value(5)
Cash and short-term securities(6)                                       $     1,933     $ 10,926     $    6,294     $    19,153       $    19,153
Debt securities(3),(7),(8)
    Canadian government and agency                                           14,798        6,468              –          21,266            21,266
    U.S. government and agency                                                9,440       14,384            912          24,736            24,494
    Other government and agency                                              22,986        3,487              –          26,473            26,473
    Corporate                                                               120,897        7,745            499         129,141           128,972
    Mortgage/asset-backed securities                                          2,152          136              –           2,288             2,288
Public equities(9)                                                           21,989        1,530              –          23,519            23,519
Mortgages                                                                         –            –         54,638          54,638            51,429
Private placements(8)                                                             –            –         47,057          47,057            41,968
Policy loans                                                                      –            –          6,894           6,894             6,894
Loans to Bank clients                                                             –            –          2,781           2,781             2,760
Real estate
    Own use property(10)                                                           –            –         1,878           1,878             3,033
    Investment property                                                            –            –        11,394          11,394            11,394
Other invested assets
    Alternative long-duration assets(11)                                   26,348             79        12,012         38,439            39,225
    Various other (12)                                                        131              –         4,213          4,344             4,344
Total invested assets                                                   $ 220,674       $ 44,755     $ 148,572      $ 414,001         $ 407,212




160 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                         Total carrying           Total fair
As at December 31, 2021                                                                              FVTPL(1)            AFS(2)           Other(3)              value(4)           value(5)
Cash and short-term securities(6)                                                              $      2,214       $ 14,339         $       6,041         $    22,594       $      22,594
Debt securities(7),(8)
    Canadian government and agency                                                                  18,706            3,964                    –              22,670            22,670
    U.S. government and agency                                                                      12,607           18,792                  852              32,251            32,254
    Other government and agency                                                                     21,888            2,871                    –              24,759            24,759
    Corporate                                                                                      133,763            7,332                  468             141,563           141,560
    Mortgage/asset-backed securities                                                                 2,758              138                    –               2,896             2,896
Public equities(9)                                                                                  25,716            2,351                    –              28,067            28,067
Mortgages                                                                                                –                –               52,014              52,014            54,089
Private placements(8)                                                                                    –                –               42,842              42,842            47,276
Policy loans                                                                                             –                –                6,397               6,397             6,397
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                    –                –                2,506               2,506             2,503
Real estate
    Own use property(10)                                                                                    –                  –           1,812               1,812               3,024
    Investment property                                                                                     –                  –          11,421              11,421              11,421
Other invested assets
    Alternative long-duration assets(11)                                                          21,022                89            10,093                31,204            31,863
    Various other (12)                                                                               135                 –             3,967                 4,102             4,102
Total invested assets                                                                          $ 238,809          $ 49,876         $ 138,413             $ 427,098         $ 435,475
(1) FVTPL classification was elected for securities backing insurance contract liabilities to substantially reduce any accounting mismatch arising from changes in the fair value of

    these assets and changes in the value of the related insurance contract liabilities. If this election had not been made and instead the available-for-sale (“AFS”) classification was
    selected, there would be an accounting mismatch because changes in insurance contract liabilities are recognized in net income rather than in OCI.
(2) Securities that are designated as AFS are not actively traded by the Company but sales do occur as circumstances warrant. Such sales result in a reclassification of any

    accumulated unrealized gain (loss) in AOCI to net income as a realized gain (loss).
(3) Primarily includes assets classified as loans and carried at amortized cost, own use properties, investment properties, equity method accounted investments, and leveraged

    leases. Also includes debt securities classified as held-to-maturity which are accounted for at amortized cost. Refer to note 1(e).
(4) Invested assets above include debt securities, mortgages, private placements and approximately $302 (2021 – $323) of other invested assets, which primarily have

    contractual cash flows that qualify as Solely Payment of Principal and Interest (“SPPI”). Invested assets which do not have SPPI qualifying cash flows as at December 31, 2022
    include debt securities, private placements and other invested assets with fair values of $nil, $98 and $507, respectively (2021 – $nil, $181 and $518, respectively). The
    change in the fair value of these invested assets during the year was $(94) (2021 – $15).
(5) The methodologies used in determining fair values of invested assets are described in note 1(c) and note 4(g).
(6) Includes short-term securities with maturities of less than one year at acquisition amounting to $4,148 (2021 – $7,314) cash equivalents with maturities of less than 90 days

    at acquisition amounting to $8,711 (2021 – $9,239) and cash of $6,294 (2021 – $6,041).
(7) Debt securities include securities which were acquired with maturities of less than one year and less than 90 days of $1,787 and $870, respectively (2021 – $2,196 and

    $347, respectively).
(8) Floating rate invested assets above which are subject to interest rate benchmark reform, but have not yet transitioned to replacement reference rates, include debt securities

    benchmarked to CDOR, USD LIBOR and AUD BBSW of $173, $892 and $15 (2021 – $176, $1,002 and $nil respectively), and private placements benchmarked to USD
    LIBOR, AUD BBSW and NZD BKBM of $1,613, $199 and $43 (2021 – $1,984, $166 and $43, respectively). Exposures indexed to USD LIBOR represent floating rate invested
    assets with maturity dates beyond June 30, 2023 while exposures to CDOR represent floating rate invested assets with maturity dates beyond June 28, 2024. The interest rate
    benchmark reform is expected to have an impact on the valuation of invested assets whose value is tied to the affected interest rate benchmarks. The Company has assessed its
    exposure at the contract level, by benchmark and instrument type. The Company is monitoring market developments with respect to alternative reference rates and the time
    horizon during which they will evolve. As at December 31, 2022, the interest rate benchmark reform has not resulted in significant changes in the Company’s risk management
    strategy.
(9) Includes $1 (2021 – $5) of public equities that are managed in conjunction with the Company’s ALDA strategy.
(10) Includes accumulated depreciation of $411 (2021 – $407).
(11) ALDA include investments in private equity of $14,279, infrastructure of $12,761, oil and gas of $2,221, timber and agriculture of $5,979 and various other invested assets

    of $3,199 (2021 – $11,598, $9,824, $1,950, $5,259 and $2,573, respectively).
(12) Includes $3,840 (2021 – $3,457) of leveraged leases. Refer to note 1(e).




(b) Equity method accounted invested assets
Other invested assets include investments in associates and joint ventures which are accounted for using the equity method of accounting
as presented in the following table.
                                                                                                                                       2022                                2021
                                                                                                                               Carrying                            Carrying
As at December 31,                                                                                                                value     % of total                value    % of total
Leveraged leases                                                                                                           $  3,840              37              $ 3,457               40
Timber and agriculture                                                                                                          822               8                  808                9
Real estate                                                                                                                   1,845              18                1,528               17
Other                                                                                                                         3,785              37                3,025               34
Total                                                                                                                      $ 10,292             100              $ 8,818              100


The Company’s share of profit and dividends from these investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $851 and $nil,
respectively (2021 – $1,300 and $2).



                                                                                                                                                                                          161
(c) Investment income
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                                                  FVTPL          AFS        Other(1)          Total
Cash and short-term securities
    Interest income                                                                             $       40     $    272     $         –    $      312
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                   26           85               –           111
Debt securities
    Interest income                                                                                   6,221          738            66           7,025
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                               (32,732)        (549)            –         (33,281)
    Recovery (impairment loss), net                                                                     (11)           –             –             (11)
Public equities
    Dividend income                                                                                     500          45               –            545
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                (3,819)        201               –         (3,618)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                  –         (14)              –            (14)
Mortgages
    Interest income                                                                                       –            –        1,913           1,913
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                     –            –           57              57
    Provision, net                                                                                        –            –            1               1
Private placements
    Interest income                                                                                       –            –        2,021           2,021
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                     –            –          335             335
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                  –            –           (4)             (4)
Policy loans                                                                                              –            –          385             385
Loans to Bank clients
    Interest income                                                                                       –            –          138             138
    Provision, net                                                                                        –            –           (4)             (4)
Real estate
    Rental income, net of depreciation(3)                                                                 –            –          452              452
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                     –            –         (478)            (478)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                  –            –            –                –
Derivatives
    Interest income, net                                                                                494            –           (24)            470
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                               (10,628)           –            (9)        (10,637)
Other invested assets
    Interest income                                                                                     –              –           26             26
    Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income                                                   –              –        2,846          2,846
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                               1,172             13          474          1,659
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                –           (119)           –           (119)
Total investment income                                                                         $ (38,737)     $     672    $   8,195      $ (29,870)
Investment income
    Interest income                                                                             $    6,755     $   1,010    $   4,525      $ 12,290
    Dividend, rental and other income                                                                  500            45        3,298         3,843
    Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net                                                        (11)         (133)          (7)         (151)
    Other                                                                                             (794)         (216)         235          (775)
                                                                                                     6,450           706        8,051        15,207
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment contract
  liabilities and on the macro hedge program
    Debt securities                                                                               (32,599)          (76)            –        (32,675)
    Public equities                                                                                (3,626)           24             –         (3,602)
    Mortgages                                                                                           –             –            58             58
    Private placements                                                                                  –             –           336            336
    Real estate                                                                                         –             –          (471)          (471)
    Other invested assets                                                                           1,572            18           230          1,820
    Derivatives, including macro hedge program                                                    (10,534)            –            (9)       (10,543)
                                                                                                  (45,187)          (34)          144        (45,077)
Total investment income                                                                         $ (38,737)     $    672     $   8,195      $ (29,870)




162 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                                                                       FVTPL               AFS          Other(1)           Total
Cash and short-term securities
    Interest income                                                                                                  $         12     $        84      $          –     $        96
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                          85             (22)                –              63
Debt securities
    Interest income                                                                                                        5,645              576                 9          6,230
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                     (5,600)            (266)                –         (5,866)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                      28                1                 –             29
Public equities
    Dividend income                                                                                                         670                61                 –            731
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                     3,221               250                 –          3,471
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                      –                (3)                –             (3)
Mortgages
    Interest income                                                                                                             –                –          1,709            1,709
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                           –                –            133              133
    Provision, net                                                                                                              –                –              1                1
Private placements
    Interest income                                                                                                             –                –          1,931            1,931
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                           –                –            270              270
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                        –                –             45               45
Policy loans                                                                                                                    –                –            366              366
Loans to Bank clients
    Interest income                                                                                                             –                –              77               77
    Provision, net                                                                                                              –                –              (2)              (2)
Real estate
    Rental income, net of depreciation(3)                                                                                       –                –            453              453
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                           –                –            677              677
Derivatives
    Interest income, net                                                                                                   1,085                 –             (35)          1,050
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                     (5,925)                –             (14)         (5,939)
Other invested assets
    Interest income                                                                                                           –                 –              57             57
    Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income                                                                         –                 –           2,996          2,996
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                     2,554                23             527          3,104
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                      –                 –             (55)           (55)
Total investment income                                                                                              $    1,775       $       704      $    9,145       $ 11,624
Investment income
    Interest income                                                                                                  $    6,742       $       661      $    4,114       $ 11,517
    Dividend, rental and other income                                                                                       670                61           3,449          4,180
    Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net                                                                              28                (2)            (11)            15
    Other                                                                                                                   (76)              (66)             57            (85)
                                                                                                                          7,364               654           7,609         15,627
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment contract
  liabilities and on the macro hedge program
    Debt securities                                                                                                    (5,605)                 20               –         (5,585)
    Public equities                                                                                                     3,187                  33               –          3,220
    Mortgages                                                                                                               –                   –             133            133
    Private placements                                                                                                      –                   –             270            270
    Real estate                                                                                                             –                   –             696            696
    Other invested assets                                                                                               2,628                  (3)            451          3,076
    Derivatives, including macro hedge program                                                                         (5,799)                  –             (14)        (5,813)
                                                                                                                       (5,589)                 50           1,536         (4,003)
Total investment income                                                                                              $ 1,775          $       704      $    9,145       $ 11,624
(1) Primarily includes investment income on loans carried at amortized cost, own use real estate properties, investment properties, derivative and hedging instruments in cash flow

  hedging relationships, equity method accounted investments, oil and gas investments, and leveraged leases.
(2) Includes net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for financial instruments at FVTPL, investment properties, and other invested assets measured at fair value. Also includes net

  realized gains (losses) for financial instruments at AFS and other invested assets carried at amortized cost.
(3) Rental income from investment properties is net of direct operating expenses.




                                                                                                                                                                                  163
(d) Investment expenses
The following table presents total investment expenses.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                               2022            2021
Related to invested assets                                                                                                                                 $   718       $   633
Related to segregated, mutual and other funds                                                                                                                1,145         1,347
Total investment expenses                                                                                                                                  $ 1,863       $ 1,980


(e) Investment properties
The following table presents the rental income and direct operating expenses of investment properties.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                                 2022          2021
Rental income from investment properties                                                                                                                       $ 825         $ 837
Direct operating expenses of rental investment properties                                                                                                        (458)        (464)
Total                                                                                                                                                          $ 367         $ 373


(f) Mortgage securitization
The Company securitizes certain insured and uninsured fixed and variable rate residential mortgages and Home Equity Lines of Credit
(“HELOC”) through creation of mortgage-backed securities under the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program (“CMB”), and the HELOC
securitization program.
Benefits received from the securitization include interest spread between the asset and associated liability. There is no credit exposure
from securitized mortgages under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) sponsored CMB securitization program as
they are insured by CMHC and other third-party insurance programs against borrowers’ default. Mortgages securitized in the Platinum
Canadian Mortgage Trust II (“PCMT II”) program are uninsured.
Cash flows received from the underlying securitized assets/mortgages are used to settle the related secured borrowing liability. For CMB
transactions, receipts of principal are deposited into a trust account for settlement of the liability at time of maturity. These transferred
assets and related cash flows cannot be transferred or used for other purposes. For the HELOC transactions, investors are entitled to
periodic interest payments, and the remaining cash receipts of principal are allocated to the Company (the “Seller”) during the revolving
period of the deal and are accumulated for settlement during an accumulation period or repaid to the investor monthly during a reduction
period, based on the terms of the note.

Securitized assets and secured borrowing liabilities

As at December 31, 2022                                                                                             Securitized assets
                                                                                                  Securitized        Restricted cash and                       Secured borrowing
Securitization program                                                                            mortgages         short-term securities          Total              liabilities(2)
HELOC securitization(1)                                                                            $ 2,880                         $ 44       $ 2,924                   $ 2,750
CMB securitization                                                                                   2,318                            –         2,318                     2,273
Total                                                                                              $ 5,198                         $ 44       $ 5,242                   $ 5,023

As at December 31, 2021                                                                                             Securitized assets
                                                                                                  Securitized        Restricted cash and                       Secured borrowing
Securitization program                                                                            mortgages         short-term securities          Total              liabilities(2)
HELOC securitization(1)                                                                            $ 2,618                         $     1    $ 2,619                   $ 2,500
CMB securitization                                                                                   2,075                               –      2,075                     2,098
Total                                                                                              $ 4,693                         $     1    $ 4,694                   $ 4,598
(1) Manulife Bank, a subsidiary, securitizes a portion of its HELOC receivables through Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust II (“PCMT II”). PCMT II funds the purchase of the

    co-ownership interests from Manulife Bank by issuing term notes collateralized by an underlying pool of uninsured HELOCs to institutional investors. The restricted cash balance
    for the HELOC securitization reflects a cash reserve fund established in relation to the transactions. The reserve will be drawn upon only in the event of insufficient cash flows
    from the underlying HELOCs to satisfy the secured borrowing liability.
(2) The PCMT II notes payable have floating rates of interest and are secured by the PCMT II assets. Under the terms of the agreements, no principal is expected to be repaid within

    one year, $1,209 within 1-3 years, $1,049 within 3-5 years and $492 beyond 5 years. There is no specific maturity date for the contractual agreements. Under the terms of
    the notes, additional collateral must be provided to the series as added credit protection and the Series Purchase Agreements govern the amount of over-collateralization for
    each of the term notes outstanding. Manulife Bank also securitizes insured amortizing mortgages under the National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (“NHA MBS”)
    program sponsored by CMHC. Manulife Bank participates in CMB programs by selling NHA MBS securities to Canada Housing Trust (“CHT”), as a source of fixed rate funding.

As at December 31, 2022, the fair value of securitized assets and associated liabilities were $5,167 and $4,865, respectively (2021 –
$4,725 and $4,601).




164 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(g) Fair value measurement
The following table presents the fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value categorized by the
fair value hierarchy.
As at December 31, 2022                                                              Total fair value       Level 1         Level 2       Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
   FVTPL                                                                              $     1,933       $       –     $     1,933     $        –
   AFS                                                                                     10,926               –          10,926              –
   Other                                                                                    6,294           6,294               –              –
Debt securities
 FVTPL
   Canadian government and agency                                                          14,798                –         14,798             –
   U.S. government and agency                                                               9,440                –          9,440             –
   Other government and agency                                                             22,986                –         22,986             –
   Corporate                                                                              120,897                –        120,865            32
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                       7                –              7             –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                      570                –            570             –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                            1,575                –          1,549            26
 AFS
   Canadian government and agency                                                           6,468                –          6,468              –
   U.S. government and agency                                                              14,384                –         14,384              –
   Other government and agency                                                              3,487                –          3,478              9
   Corporate                                                                                7,745                –          7,745              –
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                       1                –              1              –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                       24                –             24              –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                              111                –            111              –
Public equities
   FVTPL                                                                                 21,989            21,918             –             71
   AFS                                                                                    1,530             1,530             –              –
Real estate – investment property(1)                                                     11,394                 –             –         11,394
Other invested assets(2)                                                                 30,256                26             –         30,230
Segregated funds net assets(3)                                                          348,562           314,436        30,141          3,985
Total                                                                                 $ 635,377         $ 344,204     $ 245,426       $ 45,747

As at December 31, 2021                                                              Total fair value       Level 1         Level 2       Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
   FVTPL                                                                              $     2,214       $       –     $     2,214     $        –
   AFS                                                                                     14,339               –          14,339              –
   Other                                                                                    6,041           6,041               –              –
Debt securities
 FVTPL
   Canadian government and agency                                                          18,706                –         18,706             –
   U.S. government and agency                                                              12,607                –         12,607             –
   Other government and agency                                                             21,888                –         21,888             –
   Corporate                                                                              133,763                –        133,723            40
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                       8                –              8             –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                    1,103                –          1,103             –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                            1,647                –          1,619            28
 AFS
   Canadian government and agency                                                           3,964                –          3,964              –
   U.S. government and agency                                                              18,792                –         18,792              –
   Other government and agency                                                              2,871                –          2,871              –
   Corporate                                                                                7,332                –          7,331              1
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                       1                –              1              –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                       79                –             79              –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                               58                –             58              –
Public equities
   FVTPL                                                                                 25,716            25,716             –              –
   AFS                                                                                    2,351             2,349             2              –
Real estate – investment property(1)                                                     11,421                 –             –         11,421
Other invested assets(2)                                                                 24,300               257             –         24,043
Segregated funds net assets(3)                                                          399,788           361,447        34,060          4,281
Total                                                                                 $ 708,989         $ 395,810     $ 273,365       $ 39,814


                                                                                                                                               165
(1) For investment properties, the significant unobservable inputs are capitalization rates (ranging from 2.25% to 9.00% during the year and ranging from 2.25% to 9.00% during

    2021), terminal capitalization rates (ranging from 3.25% to 9.50% during the year and ranging from 3.25% to 9.25% during 2021) and discount rates (ranging from 3.30% to
    11.00% during the year and ranging from 3.80% to 10.50% during 2021). Holding other factors constant, a higher capitalization, terminal capitalization, and/or discount rate
    will decrease the fair value of an investment property; while decreases in these rates would have the opposite effect. Changes in fair value based on variations in unobservable
    inputs generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the directional changes of each input is not usually linear.
(2) Other invested assets measured at fair value are held primarily in infrastructure and timber sectors. The significant inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s infrastructure

    investments are primarily future distributable cash flows, terminal values and discount rates. Holding other factors constant, an increase to future distributable cash flows or
    terminal values would tend to increase the fair value of an infrastructure investment, while an increase in the discount rate would have the opposite effect. Discount rates during
    the year ranged from 7.15% to 15.6% (2021 – ranged from 7.25% to 20.0%). Disclosure of distributable cash flow and terminal value ranges are not meaningful given the
    disparity in estimates by project. The significant inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s investments in timberland are timber prices and discount rates. Holding other
    factors constant, an increase to timber prices would tend to increase the fair value of a timberland investment, while an increase in the discount rates would have the opposite
    effect. Discount rates during the year ranged from 4.25% to 7.0% (2021 – ranged from 4.5% to 7.0%). A range of prices for timber is not meaningful as the market price
    depends on factors such as property location and proximity to markets and export yards.
(3) Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value. The Company’s Level 3 segregated funds assets are predominantly in investment properties and timberland properties

    valued as described above.

The following table presents fair value of invested assets not measured at fair value by the fair value hierarchy.
As at December 31, 2022                                                                             Carrying value      Total fair value    Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
Mortgages(1)                                                                                         $  54,638          $  51,429          $     –      $      –        $ 51,429
Private placements(2)                                                                                   47,057             41,968                –        34,110           7,858
Policy loans(3)                                                                                          6,894              6,894                –         6,894               –
Loans to Bank clients(4)                                                                                 2,781              2,760                –         2,760               –
Real estate – own use property(5)                                                                        1,878              3,033                –             –           3,033
Public Bonds HTM                                                                                         1,411              1,000                –         1,000               –
Other invested assets(6)                                                                                12,527             13,313               72             –          13,241
Total invested assets disclosed at fair value                                                        $ 127,186          $ 120,397          $    72      $ 44,764        $ 75,561

As at December 31, 2021                                                                             Carrying value     Total fair value     Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
Mortgages(1)                                                                                         $  52,014          $  54,089          $   –        $      –        $ 54,089
Private placements(2)                                                                                   42,842             47,276              –          42,110           5,166
Policy loans(3)                                                                                          6,397              6,397              –           6,397               –
Loans to Bank clients(4)                                                                                 2,506              2,503              –           2,503               –
Real estate – own use property(5)                                                                        1,812              3,024              –               –           3,024
Public Bonds HTM                                                                                         1,320              1,320              –           1,320               –
Other invested assets(6)                                                                                11,006             11,665            120               –          11,545
Total invested assets disclosed at fair value                                                        $ 117,897          $ 126,274          $ 120        $ 52,330        $ 73,824
(1) Fair value of commercial mortgages is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs include

    credit assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Fair value of fixed-rate residential mortgages is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs used for
    valuation are primarily comprised of prevailing interest rates and prepayment rates, if applicable. Fair value of variable-rate residential mortgages is assumed to be their
    carrying value.
(2) Fair value of private placements is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs include credit

    assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Private placements are classified within Level 2 unless the liquidity adjustment constitutes a significant price impact, in which
    case the securities are classified as Level 3.
(3) Fair value of policy loans is equal to their unpaid principal balances.
(4) Fair value of fixed-rate loans to Bank clients is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs used for valuation are primarily comprised of current interest rates.

    Fair value of variable-rate loans is assumed to be their carrying value.
(5) Fair value of own use real estate and the fair value hierarchy are determined in accordance with the methodologies described for investment property in note 1.
(6) Primarily include leveraged leases, oil and gas properties (disposed of during 2021) and equity method accounted other invested assets. Fair value of leveraged leases is

    disclosed at their carrying values as fair value is not routinely calculated on these investments. Fair value for oil and gas properties is determined using external appraisals
    based on discounted cash flow methodology. Inputs used in valuation are primarily comprised of forecasted price curves, planned production, as well as capital expenditures,
    and operating costs. Fair value of equity method accounted other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques including discounted cash flows and
    market comparable approaches. Inputs vary based on the specific investment.


Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2
The Company records transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as at the end of each reporting
period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted
with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction
volume and frequency are indicative of an active market. The Company had $nil of assets transferred between Level 1 and Level 2 during
the years ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $5).
For segregated funds net assets, the Company had $nil transfers from Level 1 to Level 2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 –
$5). The Company had $nil transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $249).

Invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
The Company classifies fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets as Level 3 if there are no observable markets for
these assets or, in the absence of active markets, most of the inputs used to determine fair value are based on the Company’s own
assumptions about market participant assumptions. The Company prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-based

166 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
assumptions in determining Level 3 fair values. The gains and losses in the table below includes the changes in fair value due to both
observable and unobservable factors.
The following table presents a roll forward for invested assets, net derivatives and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                        Total                                                                                                              Change in
                                                       gains      Total                                                                                                   unrealized
                                                    (losses)      gains                                                                                                         gains
                                     Balance,      included    (losses)                                                                                 Balance,          (losses) on
For the year ended                 January 1,          in net included                                         Transfer         Transfer   Currency December 31,          assets still
December 31, 2022                       2022      income(1) in AOCI(2) Purchases             Sales Settlements     in(3)           out(3) movement         2022                  held
Debt securities
FVTPL
Corporate                         $        40 $          (1)       $ – $         27 $            –    $        (1) $       6 $      (40) $          1      $        32     $       (1)
Other securitized assets                   28             2          –            –              –             (4)         –          –             –               26              2
AFS
Other government &
  agency                                     –            –             –          –             –              –        10            –           (1)                9             –
Corporate                                    1            –             –          –             –              –         –           (1)           –                 –             –
Public equities
FVTPL                                      –           (6)               –       69           (84)             –         87          –            5                71             (15)
AFS                                        –           (1)               1        –             –              –          –          –            –                 –               –
Investment property                   11,421         (443)               –      312          (237)             –         15          –          326            11,394            (446)
Other invested assets                 24,043        1,922                7    4,934          (666)        (1,474)       248          –        1,216            30,230           2,046
Total invested assets                 35,533        1,473                8    5,342          (987)        (1,479)       366        (41)       1,547            41,762           1,586
Derivatives, net                       2,101       (5,413)              (7)    (109)            –            775          –       (356)        (163)           (3,172)         (3,511)
Segregated funds net
  assets                             4,281      475                  –     246   (1,113)                     (46)     –     (1)     143                       3,985              79
Total                             $ 41,915 $ (3,465)               $ 1 $ 5,479 $ (2,100) $                  (750) $ 366 $ (398) $ 1,527                    $ 42,575        $ (1,846)

                                                        Total                                                                                                              Change in
                                                       gains      Total                                                                                                   unrealized
                                                    (losses)      gains                                                                                                         gains
                                     Balance,      included    (losses)                                                                                 Balance,          (losses) on
For the year ended                 January 1,          in net included                                         Transfer         Transfer   Currency December 31,          assets still
December 31, 2021                       2021      income(1) in AOCI(2) Purchases             Sales Settlements     in(3)           out(3) movement         2021                  held
Debt securities
FVTPL
Corporate                         $      510 $          11         $ – $         11 $          (93) $          – $       11 $ (409) $              (1)     $        40     $       (8)
Other securitized assets                  45             3           –            –             (9)          (39)        28      –                  –               28             (4)
AFS
Corporate                                    3            1             –          –            (3)             –          –           –            –                 1             –
Public equities
FVTPL                                      –            –               –        62          (62)              –          –          –             –                –              –
Investment property                   10,982          702               –       186         (376)              –          –          –           (73)          11,421            626
Other invested assets                 19,049        2,731               2     5,058       (1,131)         (1,453)         5          –          (218)          24,043          2,569
Total invested assets                 30,589        3,448               2     5,317       (1,674)         (1,492)        44       (409)         (292)          35,533          3,183
Derivatives, net                       3,443         (897)              –        14            –            (182)         –       (309)           32            2,101           (547)
Segregated funds net
  assets                             4,202     350                   –      68     (303)      (28)                        –      –                (8)         4,281            116
Total                             $ 38,234 $ 2,901                 $ 2 $ 5,399 $ (1,977) $ (1,702) $                     44 $ (718) $           (268)      $ 41,915        $ 2,752
(1) These amounts are included in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income except for the amount related to segregated funds net assets, where the

  amount is recorded in changes in segregated funds net assets, refer to notes 1(h) and 23.
(2) These amounts are included in AOCI on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
(3) The Company uses fair values of the assets at the beginning of the year for assets transferred into and out of Level 3 except for derivatives, where the Company uses fair value at

  the end of the year and at the beginning of the year, respectively.

Transfers into Level 3 primarily result from securities that were impaired during the year or securities where a lack of observable market
data (versus the previous period) resulted in reclassifying assets into Level 3. Transfers from Level 3 primarily result from observable
market data becoming available for the entire term structure of the debt security.




                                                                                                                                                                                   167
Note 5 Derivative and Hedging Instruments
Derivatives are financial contracts, the value of which is derived from underlying interest rates, foreign exchange rates, other financial
instruments, commodity prices or indices. The Company uses derivatives including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to
manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market
prices, and to replicate permissible investments.
Swaps are over-the-counter (“OTC”) contractual agreements between the Company and a third party to exchange a series of cash flows
based upon rates applied to a notional amount. For interest rate swaps, counterparties generally exchange fixed or floating interest rate
payments based on a notional value in a single currency. Cross currency swaps involve the exchange of principal amounts between parties
as well as the exchange of interest payments in one currency for the receipt of interest payments in another currency. Total return swaps
are contracts that involve the exchange of payments based on changes in the values of a reference asset, including any returns such as
interest earned on these assets, in return for amounts based on reference rates specified in the contract.
Forward and futures agreements are contractual obligations to buy or sell a financial instrument, foreign currency or other underlying
commodity on a predetermined future date at a specified price. Forward contracts are OTC contracts negotiated between counterparties,
whereas futures agreements are contracts with standard amounts and settlement dates that are traded on regulated exchanges.
Options are contractual agreements whereby the holder has the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call option) or sell (put option) a
security, exchange rate, interest rate, or other financial instrument at a predetermined price/rate within a specified time.
See variable annuity dynamic hedging strategy in the “Risk Management and Risk Factors” section of the Company’s 2022 MD&A for an
explanation of the Company’s dynamic hedging strategy for its variable annuity product guarantees.

(a) Fair value of derivatives
The pricing models used to value OTC derivatives are based on market standard valuation methodologies and the inputs to these models
are consistent with what a market participant would use when pricing the instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in
interest rates, currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk (including the counterparties to the contract), and
market volatility. The significant inputs to the pricing models for most OTC derivatives are inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data and are classified as Level 2. Inputs that are observable generally include interest rates, foreign
currency exchange rates and interest rate curves. However, certain OTC derivatives may rely on inputs that are significant to the fair value
that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data and these
derivatives are classified as Level 3. Inputs that are unobservable generally include broker quoted prices, volatilities and inputs that are
outside of the observable portion of the interest rate curve or other relevant market measures. These unobservable inputs may involve
significant management judgment or estimation. Even though unobservable, these inputs are based on assumptions deemed appropriate
given the circumstances and consistent with what market participants would use when pricing such instruments. The credit risk of both the
counterparty and the Company are considered in determining the fair value for all OTC derivatives after considering the effects of netting
agreements and collateral arrangements.




168 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents gross notional amount and fair value of derivative instruments by the underlying risk exposure.
As at December 31,                                                                   2022                                                            2021
                                                                                             Fair value                                                     Fair value
                                                                          Notional                                                    Notional
Type of hedge                               Instrument type                amount        Assets        Liabilities                     amount          Assets          Liabilities
Derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Fair value hedges                        Foreign currency swaps      $        48     $       5     $          –               $           57     $           1     $          1
Cash flow hedges                         Foreign currency swaps            1,155            40              203                        1,251                 5              379
                                            Equity contracts                 173             3                –                          145                10                –
Net investment hedges                       Forward contracts                626             –               28                          671                 9                –
Total derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting relationships             2,002            48              231                        2,124                25              380
Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting
  relationships
                                            Interest rate swaps          268,081         5,751            7,557                   300,556            11,832               7,347
                                            Interest rate futures         11,772             –                –                    11,944                 –                   –
                                            Interest rate options          6,090            98                –                    10,708               514                   –
                                            Foreign currency swaps        39,667         2,029            1,579                    36,405               790               1,722
                                            Currency rate futures          2,319             –                –                     3,086                 –                   –
                                            Forward contracts             45,124           295            4,697                    45,295             2,674                 562
                                            Equity contracts              16,930           363              225                    18,577             1,667                  27
                                            Credit default swaps             159             4                –                        44                 1                   –
                                            Equity futures                 3,813             –                –                    11,359                 –                   –
Total derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting
  relationships                                                        393,955         8,540         14,058                     437,974            17,478             9,658
Total derivatives                                                    $ 395,957       $ 8,588       $ 14,289                   $ 440,098          $ 17,503          $ 10,038

The total notional amount above includes $211 billion (2021 – $258 billion) of derivative instruments which reference rates that are
impacted under the interest rate benchmark reform, with a significant majority to USD LIBOR, and CDOR. Exposures indexed to USD LIBOR
and CDOR represent derivatives with maturity dates beyond June 30, 2023 and June 28, 2024, respectively. The exposure in the
Company’s hedge accounting programs is primarily to USD LIBOR and CDOR benchmarks. Compared to the overall risk exposure, the
effect of interest rate benchmark reform on existing accounting hedges is not significant. The Company continues to apply high probability
and high effectiveness expectation assumptions for cash flows and there would be no automatic de-designation of qualifying hedge
relationships due to the impact from interest rate benchmark reform.
The following table presents the fair values of the derivative instruments by the remaining term to maturity. Fair values disclosed below do
not incorporate the impact of master netting agreements (refer to note 9).
                                                                                                              Remaining term to maturity
                                                                                              Less than              1 to 3             3 to 5         Over 5
As at December 31, 2022                                                                          1 year              years              years           years               Total
Derivative assets                                                                            $      580       $        556        $      556     $    6,896        $      8,588
Derivative liabilities                                                                            2,656              1,956             1,146          8,531              14,289

                                                                                                              Remaining term to maturity
                                                                                              Less than              1 to 3             3 to 5         Over 5
As at December 31, 2021                                                                          1 year              years              years           years               Total
Derivative assets                                                                            $ 2,500          $ 1,803             $ 1,000        $ 12,200          $ 17,503
Derivative liabilities                                                                           294              387                 379           8,978            10,038




                                                                                                                                                                               169
The following table presents gross notional amount by the remaining term to maturity, total fair value (including accrued interest), credit
equivalent amount and capital requirement by contract type.

                                             Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                                               Credit
                                          Under 1           1 to 5             Over                                                                        equivalent            Capital
As at December 31, 2022                      year           years           5 years             Total           Positive         Negative           Net     amount(1)     requirement(2)
Interest rate contracts
     OTC swap contracts               $    8,817      $ 19,253        $    98,380      $ 126,450            $    5,992      $    (8,135) $ (2,143) $             419              $    9
     Cleared swap contracts                2,494        16,823            122,314        141,631                   254             (219)       35                  –                   –
     Forward contracts                    14,290        13,926                198         28,414                    70           (4,468)   (4,398)                 8                   –
     Futures                              11,772             –                  –         11,772                     –                –         –                  –                   –
     Options purchased                     1,199         1,069              3,822          6,090                    98                –        98                 64                   4
Subtotal                                  38,572        51,071            224,714        314,357                 6,414          (12,822)   (6,408)               491                  13
Foreign exchange
     Swap contracts                        2,026         10,475            28,369           40,870               2,067           (1,846)           221         1,166                  23
     Forward contracts                    17,336              –                 –           17,336                 226             (258)           (32)           89                   –
     Futures                               2,319              –                 –            2,319                   –                –              –             –                   –
Credit derivatives                            15            144                 –              159                   4                –              4             –                   –
Equity contracts
     Swap contracts                          547             396                  –            943                  26                (7)           19            24                   –
     Futures                               3,813               –                  –          3,813                   –                 –             –             –                   –
     Options purchased                    12,634           3,526                  –         16,160                 335              (218)          117           232                   2
Subtotal including accrued
   interest                             77,262          65,612          253,083          395,957                 9,072        (15,151)   (6,079)   2,002                            38
Less accrued interest                        –               –                –                –                   484           (862)     (378)       –                             –
Total                                 $ 77,262        $ 65,612        $ 253,083        $ 395,957            $    8,588      $ (14,289) $ (5,701) $ 2,002                          $ 38

                                             Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                                               Credit
                                          Under 1           1 to 5             Over                                                                        equivalent            Capital
As at December 31, 2021                      year           years           5 years             Total           Positive         Negative           Net     amount(1)     requirement(2)
Interest rate contracts
     OTC swap contracts               $    4,554      $ 21,884        $    90,592      $ 117,030            $ 12,112        $     (7,717) $ 4,395 $ 1,582                         $ 29
     Cleared swap contracts               21,722        27,665            134,139        183,526                 441                (453)     (12)      –                            –
     Forward contracts                    14,636        15,791                741         31,168               2,625                (483)   2,142     299                            5
     Futures                              11,944             –                  –         11,944                   –                   –        –       –                            –
     Options purchased                     1,406         2,789              6,513         10,708                 515                   –      515     113                            9
Subtotal                                  54,262        68,129            231,985        354,376              15,693              (8,653)   7,040   1,994                           43
Foreign exchange
     Swap contracts                        1,941           8,869           26,903           37,713                 801            (2,181)       (1,380)        1,302                  25
     Forward contracts                    14,798               –                –           14,798                  58               (79)          (21)           85                   –
     Futures                               3,086               –                –            3,086                   –                 –             –             –                   –
Credit derivatives                            11              33                –               44                   1                 –             1             –                   –
Equity contracts
     Swap contracts                          669             323                 –             992                  57                (10)         47             29                   –
     Futures                              11,359               –                 –          11,359                   –                  –           –              –                   –
     Options purchased                    10,974           6,716                40          17,730               1,616                (17)      1,599            766                   8
Subtotal including accrued
   interest                             97,100          84,070          258,928          440,098              18,226           (10,940)  7,286   4,176                              76
Less accrued interest                        –               –                –                –                 723              (902)   (179)      –                               –
Total                                 $ 97,100        $ 84,070        $ 258,928        $ 440,098            $ 17,503        $ (10,038) $ 7,465 $ 4,176                            $ 76
(1) Credit equivalent amount is the sum of replacement cost and the potential future credit exposure less any collateral held. Replacement cost represents the current cost of

    replacing all contracts with a positive fair value. The amounts take into consideration legal contracts that permit offsetting of positions. The potential future credit exposure is
    calculated based on a formula prescribed by OSFI.
(2) Capital requirement represents the credit equivalent amount, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the counterparty, as prescribed by OSFI.




The total notional amount of $396 billion (2021 – $440 billion) includes $77 billion (2021 – $121 billion) related to derivatives utilized in
the Company’s variable annuity guarantee dynamic hedging and macro risk hedging programs. During 2022, the Company discontinued
the dynamic hedging program for the John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”) legacy variable annuities, reinsured with
Venerable Holdings, Inc. as disclosed in note 7(k). Due to the Company’s variable annuity hedging practices, many trades are in offsetting
positions, resulting in materially lower net fair value exposure to the Company than what the gross notional amount would suggest.


170 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Fair value and the fair value hierarchy of derivative instruments

As at December 31, 2022                                                                          Fair value       Level 1          Level 2       Level 3
Derivative assets
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $     5,919      $        –     $     5,766     $     153
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                      2,299               –           2,298             1
   Equity contracts                                                                                  366               –             361             5
   Credit default swaps                                                                                4               –               4             –
Total derivative assets                                                                      $     8,588      $        –     $     8,429     $     159
Derivative liabilities
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $ 12,025         $        –     $  8,689        $ 3,336
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                   2,039                  –        2,037              2
   Equity contracts                                                                               225                  –          216              9
Total derivative liabilities                                                                 $ 14,289         $        –     $ 10,942        $ 3,347


As at December 31, 2021                                                                          Fair value       Level 1          Level 2       Level 3
Derivative assets
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $ 14,971         $        –     $ 12,510        $ 2,461
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                     854                  –          854              –
   Equity contracts                                                                             1,677                  –        1,616             61
   Credit default swaps                                                                             1                  –            1              –
Total derivative assets                                                                      $ 17,503         $        –     $ 14,981        $ 2,522
Derivative liabilities
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $  7,829         $        –     $     7,419     $     410
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                   2,182                  –           2,181             1
   Equity contracts                                                                                27                  –              17            10
Total derivative liabilities                                                                 $ 10,038         $        –     $     9,617     $     421

Level 3 roll forward information for net derivative contracts measured using significant unobservable inputs is disclosed in note 4(g).

(b) Hedging relationships
The Company uses derivatives for economic hedging purposes. In certain circumstances, these hedges also meet the requirements of
hedge accounting. Risk management strategies eligible for hedge accounting are designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or net
investment hedges, as described below.

Fair value hedges
The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed rate financial instruments due to
changes in interest rates. The Company also uses cross currency swaps to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations,
interest rate fluctuations, or both.
The Company recognizes gains and losses on derivatives and the related hedged items in fair value hedges in investment income. These
investment gains (losses) are shown in the following table.

                                                                                                                                         Ineffectiveness
                                                  Hedged items in qualifying                         Gains (losses)    Gains (losses)      recognized in
                                                  fair value hedging                                 recognized on    recognized for         investment
For the year ended December 31, 2022              relationships                                         derivatives    hedged items              income
Foreign currency swaps                            Fixed rate assets                                           $ 7                $ (5)             $ 2
Total                                                                                                         $ 7                $ (5)             $ 2


                                                                                                                                         Ineffectiveness
                                                  Hedged items in qualifying                         Gains (losses)    Gains (losses)      recognized in
                                                  fair value hedging                                 recognized on    recognized for         investment
For the year ended December 31, 2021              relationships                                         derivatives    hedged items              income
Foreign currency swaps                            Fixed rate assets                                           $ 4                $ (2)             $ 2
Total                                                                                                         $ 4                $ (2)             $ 2




                                                                                                                                                      171
Cash flow hedges
The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows from variable rate financial instruments and forecasted
transactions. The Company also uses cross currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability from foreign
currency financial instruments and foreign currency expenses. Total return swaps are used to hedge the variability in cash flows
associated with certain stock-based compensation awards. Inflation swaps are used to reduce inflation risk generated from inflation-
indexed liabilities.
The effects of derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.

                                                                                                                  Gains (losses)
                                                                                                Gains (losses)      reclassified   Ineffectiveness
                                                            Hedged items in qualifying            deferred in    from AOCI into      recognized in
                                                            cash flow hedging                         AOCI on        investment        investment
For the year ended December 31, 2022                        relationships                          derivatives           income            income
Foreign currency swaps                                      Fixed rate assets                         $  (1)            $  (1)              $ –
                                                            Floating rate liabilities                   175               (49)                –
                                                            Fixed rate liabilities                       34                35                 –
Equity contracts                                            Stock-based compensation                      2                 6                 –
Total                                                                                                 $ 210             $ (9)               $ –

                                                                                                                  Gains (losses)
                                                                                                Gains (losses)      reclassified   Ineffectiveness
                                                            Hedged items in qualifying            deferred in    from AOCI into      recognized in
                                                            cash flow hedging                         AOCI on        investment        investment
For the year ended December 31, 2021                        relationships                          derivatives           income            income
Foreign currency swaps                                      Fixed rate assets                         $  (1)            $  (1)              $ –
                                                            Floating rate liabilities                    89                 3                 –
                                                            Fixed rate liabilities                      (19)              (21)                –
Equity contracts                                            Stock-based compensation                      5                 5                 –
Total                                                                                                 $ 74              $ (14)              $ –

The Company anticipates that net losses of approximately $9 will be reclassified from AOCI to net income within the next 12 months. The
maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 14 years.

Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
The Company primarily uses forward currency contracts, cross currency swaps and non-functional currency denominated debt to manage
its foreign currency exposures to net investments in foreign operations.
The effects of net investment hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of Other
Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.
                                                                                                                  Gains (losses)   Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                               reclassified from     recognized in
                                                                                            Gains (losses)            AOCI into        investment
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                                      deferred in AOCI   investment income             income
Non-functional currency denominated debt                                                          $ (458)                 $ –               $ –
Forward contracts                                                                                     14                    –                 –
Total                                                                                             $ (444)                 $ –               $ –
                                                                                                                  Gains (losses)   Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                               reclassified from     recognized in
                                                                                            Gains (losses)            AOCI into        investment
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                                      deferred in AOCI   investment income             income
Non-functional currency denominated debt                                                          $  61                   $ –               $ –
Forward contracts                                                                                    59                     –                 –
Total                                                                                             $ 120                   $ –               $ –




172 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Derivatives used in portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities are generally not designated in qualifying hedge accounting
relationships because the change in the value of the insurance contract liabilities economically hedged by these derivatives is recorded
through net income. Since changes in fair value of these derivatives and related hedged risks are recognized in investment income as they
occur, they generally offset the change in hedged risk to the extent the hedges are economically effective. Interest rate and cross currency
swaps are used in the portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities to manage duration and currency risks.
Investment income on derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                          2022        2021
Interest rate swaps                                                                                                 $  (3,428)    $ (1,986)
Interest rate futures                                                                                                    (431)        (687)
Interest rate options                                                                                                    (258)        (133)
Foreign currency swaps                                                                                                  1,171         (166)
Currency rate futures                                                                                                    (103)          66
Forward contracts                                                                                                      (7,561)      (1,751)
Equity futures                                                                                                            794       (2,140)
Equity contracts                                                                                                         (818)         871
Credit default swaps                                                                                                        –           (2)
Total                                                                                                               $ (10,634)    $ (5,928)


(d) Embedded derivatives
Certain insurance contracts contain features that are classified as embedded derivatives and are measured separately at FVTPL, including
reinsurance contracts related to guaranteed minimum income benefits and contracts containing certain credit and interest rate features.
Certain reinsurance contracts related to guaranteed minimum income benefits contain embedded derivatives requiring separate
measurement at FVTPL as the financial component contained in the reinsurance contracts does not contain significant insurance risk. As
at December 31, 2022, reinsurance ceded guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $585 (2021 – $734) and reinsurance
assumed guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $65 (2021 – $86). Claims recovered under reinsurance ceded
contracts offset claims expenses and claims paid on the reinsurance assumed are reported as contract benefits.
The Company’s credit and interest rate embedded derivatives promise to pay the returns on a portfolio of assets to the contract holder.
These embedded derivatives contain credit and interest rate risks that are financial risks embedded in the underlying insurance contract.
As at December 31, 2022, these embedded derivatives had a fair value of $395 (2021 – $11).
Other financial instruments classified as embedded derivatives but exempt from separate measurement at fair value include variable
universal life and variable life products’ minimum guaranteed credited rates, no lapse guarantees, guaranteed annuitization options, CPI
indexing of benefits, and segregated fund minimum guarantees other than reinsurance ceded/assumed guaranteed minimum income
benefits. These embedded derivatives are measured and reported within insurance contract liabilities and are exempt from separate fair
value measurement as they contain insurance risk and/or are closely related to the insurance host contract.




                                                                                                                                         173
Note 6           Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(a) Change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets
The following table presents the change in carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets.

                                                                                                                                               Effect of changes
                                                                                             Balance,      Net additions/      Amortization            in foreign        Balance,
As at December 31, 2022                                                                     January 1      (disposals)(1)(2)      expense        exchange rates      December 31
Goodwill                                                                                    $ 5,651               $ 255            $ n/a                 $ 108         $   6,014
Indefinite life intangible assets
   Brand                                                                                         761                    –             n/a                    52              813
   Fund management contracts and other(3)                                                        788                  228             n/a                    32            1,048
                                                                                               1,549                  228             n/a                    84            1,861
Finite life intangible assets(4)
    Distribution networks                                                                       888                   6               47                    34              881
    Customer relationships                                                                      687                   –               56                    12              643
    Software                                                                                  1,091                 192              235                    20            1,068
    Other                                                                                        49                   7                6                     2               52
                                                                                              2,715                 205              344                    68            2,644
Total intangible assets                                                                       4,264                 433              344                   152            4,505
Total goodwill and intangible assets                                                        $ 9,915               $ 688            $ 344                 $ 260         $ 10,519
                                                                                                                                               Effect of changes
                                                                                             Balance,      Net additions/      Amortization            in foreign        Balance,
As at December 31, 2021                                                                     January 1       (disposals) (5)       expense        exchange rates      December 31
Goodwill                                                                                    $ 5,714               $      (5)       $ n/a                 $ (58)        $   5,651
Indefinite life intangible assets
   Brand                                                                                         764                      –            n/a                    (3)            761
   Fund management contracts and other(3)                                                        796                     (3)           n/a                    (5)            788
                                                                                               1,560                     (3)           n/a                    (8)          1,549
Finite life intangible assets(4)
    Distribution networks                                                                       806                 131               44                    (5)              888
    Customer relationships                                                                      738                  (2)              48                    (1)              687
    Software                                                                                  1,059                 198              148                   (18)            1,091
    Other                                                                                        52                   2                6                     1                49
                                                                                              2,655                 329              246                   (23)            2,715
Total intangible assets                                                                       4,215                 326              246                   (31)            4,264
Total goodwill and intangible assets                                                        $ 9,929               $ 321            $ 246                 $ (89)        $   9,915
(1) In November 2022, the Company acquired control of Manulife TEDA Fund Management Company, LTD. through the purchase of the remaining 51% of shares that it did not

    already own from its joint venture partner. The transaction included cash consideration of $334 and derecognition of the Company’s previous joint venture interest with a fair
    value of $321. Goodwill, indefinite life fund management contracts and distribution networks, and finite life management contracts of $255, $185, $52 and $3 were
    recognized.
(2) In January 2022, the Company paid $256 to VietinBank for an extension of the life of the distribution agreement acquired from Aviva Plc in December 2021.
(3) Fund management contracts are mostly allocated to Canada WAM and U.S. WAM CGUs with carrying values of $273 (2021 – $273) and $397 (2021 – $371), respectively.
(4) Gross carrying amount of finite life intangible assets was $1,517 for distribution networks, $1,146 for customer relationships, $2,736 for software and $136 for other

    (2021 – $1,456, $1,132, $2,484 and $124), respectively.
(5) In December 2021, the Company purchased the Vietnamese operations of Aviva Plc including rights to an exclusive distribution agreement with VietinBank.




(b) Goodwill impairment testing
The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2022 by determining the recoverable amounts of
its businesses using valuation techniques discussed below (refer to notes 1(f) and 6(c)). The testing indicated that there was no impairment
of goodwill in 2022 (2021 – $nil).




174 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following tables present the carrying value of goodwill by CGU or group of CGUs.
                                                                                                                          Effect of
                                                                                                                        changes in
                                                                                                                           foreign
As at December 31, 2022                                                                     Balance,   Net additions/    exchange         Balance,
CGU or group of CGUs                                                                       January 1      (disposals)        rates    December 31
Asia
    Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)                                                       $     152         $     –       $ 10         $     162
    Japan Insurance                                                                              386               –         (26)             360
Canada Insurance                                                                               1,955               –           5            1,960
U.S. Insurance                                                                                   336               –          24              360
Global Wealth and Asset Management
    Asia WAM                                                                                   183             255            12            450
    Canada WAM                                                                               1,436               –             –          1,436
    U.S. WAM                                                                                 1,203               –            83          1,286
Total                                                                                      $ 5,651           $ 255         $ 108        $ 6,014

                                                                                                                          Effect of
                                                                                                                        changes in
                                                                                                                           foreign
As at December 31, 2021                                                                     Balance,   Net additions/    exchange         Balance,
CGU or group of CGUs                                                                       January 1      (disposals)        rates    December 31
Asia
    Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)                                                       $     159         $    (5)      $    (2)     $     152
    Japan Insurance                                                                              433               –           (47)           386
Canada Insurance                                                                               1,955               –             –          1,955
U.S. Insurance                                                                                   338               –            (2)           336
Global Wealth and Asset Management
    Asia WAM                                                                                   185                 –          (2)           183
    Canada WAM                                                                               1,436                 –           –          1,436
    U.S. WAM                                                                                 1,208                 –          (5)         1,203
Total                                                                                      $ 5,714           $    (5)      $ (58)       $ 5,651

The valuation techniques, significant assumptions and sensitivities, where applicable, applied in the goodwill impairment testing are
described below.

(c) Valuation techniques
When determining if a CGU is impaired, the Company compares its recoverable amount to the allocated capital for that unit, which is
aligned with the Company’s internal reporting practices. The recoverable amounts were based on fair value less costs to sell (“FVLCS”) for
Asia Insurance (excluding Japan) and Asia WAM. For other CGUs, value-in-use (“VIU”) was used.
Under the FVLCS approach, the Company determines the fair value of the CGU or group of CGUs using an earnings-based approach which
incorporates forecasted earnings, excluding interest and equity market impacts and normalized new business expenses multiplied by an
earnings-multiple derived from the observable price-to-earnings multiples of comparable financial institutions. The price-to-earnings
multiple used by the Company for testing was 11.6 (2021 – 11.6). These FVLCS valuations are categorized as Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy (2021 – Level 3).
Under the VIU approach, used for CGUs with insurance business, an embedded appraisal value is determined from a projection of future
distributable earnings derived from both the in-force business and new business expected to be sold in the future, and therefore, reflects
the economic value for each CGU’s or group of CGUs’ profit potential under a set of assumptions. This approach requires assumptions
including sales and revenue growth rates, capital requirements, interest rates, equity returns, mortality, morbidity, policyholder behaviour,
tax rates and discount rates. For non-insurance CGUs, the VIU is based on discounted cash flow analysis which incorporates relevant
aspects of the embedded appraisal value approach.

(d) Significant assumptions
To calculate embedded appraisal value, the Company discounted projected earnings from in-force contracts and valued 20 years of new
business growing at expected plan levels, consistent with the periods used for forecasting long-term businesses such as insurance. In
arriving at its projections, the Company considered past experience, economic trends such as interest rates, equity returns and product
mix as well as industry and market trends. Where growth rate assumptions for new business cash flows were used in the embedded
appraisal value calculations, they ranged from zero per cent to nine per cent (2021 – zero per cent to six per cent).
Interest rate assumptions are based on prevailing market rates at the valuation date.


                                                                                                                                                175
For 2022, tax rates applied to the projections include the impact of internal reinsurance treaties and amounted to 28.0 per cent,
27.5 per cent and 21.0 per cent for the Japan, Canada and U.S. jurisdictions, respectively. For 2021, tax rates applied to the projections
include the impact of internal reinsurance treaties and amounted to 28.0 per cent, 26.5 per cent and 21.0 per cent for the Japan, Canada,
and U.S. jurisdictions, respectively. Tax assumptions are sensitive to changes in tax laws as well as assumptions about the jurisdictions in
which profits are earned. It is possible that actual tax rates could differ from those assumed.
Discount rates assumed in determining the value-in-use for applicable CGUs or group of CGUs ranged from 10.0 per cent to 12.0 per cent
on an after-tax basis or 12.5 per cent to 15.0 per cent on a pre-tax basis (2021 – 8.0 per cent to 10.1 per cent on an after-tax basis or
10.0 per cent to 12.7 per cent on a pre-tax basis).
Key assumptions may change as economic and market conditions change, which may lead to impairment charges in the future. Adverse
changes in discount rates (including from changes in interest rates) and growth rate assumptions for new business cash flow projections
used in the determination of embedded appraisal values or reductions in market-based earnings multiples calculations may result in
impairment charges in the future which could be material.


Note 7 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
(a) Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets
Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and the ceded liabilities are reported separately as reinsurance
assets. Insurance contract liabilities include actuarial liabilities, benefits payable, provision for unreported claims and policyholder
amounts on deposit. The components of gross and net insurance contract liabilities are shown below.

As at December 31,                                                                                                         2022          2021
Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                      $ 352,153      $ 374,890
Benefits payable and provision for unreported claims                                                                    5,610          5,251
Policyholder amounts on deposit                                                                                        13,642         12,134
Gross insurance contract liabilities                                                                                  371,405        392,275
Reinsurance assets(1)                                                                                                 (47,674)       (44,531)
Net insurance contract liabilities                                                                                  $ 323,731      $ 347,744
(1) Reinsurance assets of $38 (2021 – $48) are related to investment contract liabilities, refer to note 8(b).



Net insurance contract liabilities represent the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be
sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on policies
in-force net of reinsurance premiums and recoveries.
Net insurance contract liabilities are determined using CALM, as required by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries.
The determination of net insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current assumptions for each
material cash flow item. Investment returns are projected using the current asset portfolios and projected reinvestment strategies.
Each assumption is based on the best estimate adjusted by a margin for adverse deviation. For fixed income returns, this margin is
established by scenario testing a range of prescribed and company-developed scenarios consistent with Canadian Actuarial Standards of
Practice. For all other assumptions, this margin is established by directly adjusting the best estimate assumption.
Cash flows used in the net insurance contract liabilities valuation adjust the gross policy cash flows to reflect projected cash flows from
ceded reinsurance. The cash flow impact of ceded reinsurance varies depending upon the amount of reinsurance, the structure of
reinsurance treaties, the expected economic benefit from treaty cash flows and the impact of margins for adverse deviation. Gross
insurance contract liabilities are determined by discounting gross policy cash flows using the same discount rate as the net CALM model
discount rate.
The reinsurance asset is determined by taking the difference between the gross insurance contract liabilities and the net insurance
contract liabilities. The reinsurance asset represents the benefit derived from reinsurance arrangements in force at the date of the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The period used for the projection of cash flows is the policy lifetime for most individual insurance contracts. For other types of contracts, a
shorter projection period may be used, with the contract generally ending at the earlier of the first renewal date on or after the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position date where the Company can exercise discretion in renewing its contractual obligations or
terms of those obligations and the renewal or adjustment date that maximizes the insurance contract liabilities. For segregated fund
products with guarantees, the projection period is generally set as the period that leads to the largest insurance contract liability. Where
the projection period is less than the policy lifetime, insurance contract liabilities may be reduced by an allowance for acquisition expenses
expected to be recovered from policy cash flows beyond the projection period used for the liabilities. Such allowances are tested for
recoverability using assumptions that are consistent with other components of the actuarial valuation.




176 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(b) Composition
The composition of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets by the line of business and reporting segment is as follows.

Gross insurance contract liabilities
                                                                                                                         Other                                            Total,
                                                              Individual insurance
                                                                                                                    insurance       Total, net of          Total        gross of
                                                                                    Non-        Annuities             contract      reinsurance     reinsurance     reinsurance
As at December 31, 2022                                  Participating      participating    and pensions         liabilities(1)          ceded           ceded           ceded
Asia                                                      $ 66,294         $  34,684          $  6,221           $  4,142          $ 111,341        $    2,727     $ 114,068
Canada                                                      12,637            38,325            13,593             14,095             78,650             1,676        80,326
U.S.                                                         7,867            67,789            11,273             46,849            133,778            43,137       176,915
Corporate and Other                                              –              (640)               24                578                (38)              134            96
Total, net of reinsurance ceded                             86,798           140,158            31,111             65,664            323,731            47,674       371,405
Total reinsurance ceded                                      8,552            22,434            15,793                895             47,674
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded                         $ 95,350         $ 162,592          $ 46,904           $ 66,559          $ 371,405

                                                                                                                         Other                                            Total,
                                                              Individual insurance
                                                                                                                    insurance       Total, net of          Total        gross of
                                                                                    Non-        Annuities             contract      reinsurance     reinsurance     reinsurance
As at December 31, 2021                                  Participating      participating    and pensions         liabilities(1)          ceded           ceded           ceded
Asia                                                      $ 64,586         $  36,387          $  6,869           $  3,590          $ 111,432        $    2,749     $ 114,181
Canada                                                      13,518            44,320            16,554             14,981             89,373               430        89,803
U.S.                                                         8,591            71,077            14,007             53,555            147,230            41,150       188,380
Corporate and Other                                              –              (676)               22                363               (291)              202           (89)
Total, net of reinsurance ceded                             86,695           151,108            37,452             72,489            347,744            44,531       392,275
Total reinsurance ceded                                      8,144            20,767            14,681                939             44,531
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded                         $ 94,839         $ 171,875          $ 52,133           $ 73,428          $ 392,275
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care insurance.




Separate sub-accounts were established for participating policies in-force at the demutualization of MLI and John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company. These sub-accounts permit this participating business to be operated as separate “closed blocks” of participating
policies. As at December 31, 2022, $26,289 (2021 – $29,000) of both reinsurance assets and insurance contract liabilities were related
to these closed blocks of participating policies.

(c) Assets backing insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities and capital
Assets are segmented and matched to liabilities with similar underlying characteristics by product line and major currency. The Company
has established target investment strategies and asset mixes for each asset segment supporting insurance contract liabilities which
consider the risk attributes of the liabilities supported by the assets and expectations of market performance. Liabilities with rate and term
guarantees are predominantly backed by fixed-rate instruments on a cash flow matching basis for a targeted duration horizon. Longer
duration cash flows on these liabilities as well as on adjustable products such as participating life insurance are backed by a broader range
of asset classes, including equity and alternative long-duration investments. The Company’s capital is invested in a range of debt and
equity investments, both public and private.
Changes in the fair value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, that the Company considers to be other than temporary,
would have a limited impact on the Company’s net income wherever there is an effective matching of assets and liabilities, as these
changes would be substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of net insurance contract liabilities. The fair value of assets
backing net insurance contract liabilities as at December 31, 2022, excluding reinsurance assets, was estimated at $317,854
(2021 – $354,587).
As at December 31, 2022, the fair value of assets backing capital and other liabilities was estimated at $524,297 (2021 – $571,431).




                                                                                                                                                                              177
The following table presents the carrying value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities and capital.
                                                                                                                             Other
                                                                   Individual insurance
                                                                                                                        insurance
                                                                                        Non-         Annuities            contract                Other
As at December 31, 2022                                      Participating      participating     and pensions        liabilities(1)       liabilities(2)     Capital(3)          Total
Assets
Debt securities                                               $ 42,279         $  72,706           $ 15,686         $ 31,998           $   9,739            $ 31,496       $ 203,904
Public equities                                                 12,253             6,792                336              562                 675               2,901          23,519
Mortgages                                                        4,378            14,101              4,350            8,766              22,997                  46          54,638
Private placements                                               6,810            19,498              8,038           10,497               2,003                 211          47,057
Real estate                                                      3,346             7,030                913            1,875                 (66)                174          13,272
Other                                                           17,732            20,031              1,788           11,966             427,369              27,665         506,551
Total                                                         $ 86,798         $ 140,158           $ 31,111         $ 65,664           $ 462,717            $ 62,493       $ 848,941

                                                                                                                             Other
                                                                   Individual insurance
                                                                                                                        insurance
                                                                                        Non-         Annuities            contract                Other
As at December 31, 2021                                      Participating      participating     and pensions        liabilities(1)       liabilities(2)     Capital(3)          Total
Assets
Debt securities                                               $ 43,278         $  82,050           $ 19,575         $ 36,207           $  10,723            $ 32,306       $ 224,139
Public equities                                                 14,667             8,112                453              374                 626               3,835          28,067
Mortgages                                                        3,799            13,295              4,572            8,526              21,802                  20          52,014
Private placements                                               6,005            17,741              7,370            9,775               1,723                 228          42,842
Real estate                                                      3,467             6,814                987            1,782                   6                 177          13,233
Other                                                           15,479            23,096              4,495           15,825             469,014              29,439         557,348
Total                                                         $ 86,695         $ 151,108           $ 37,452         $ 72,489           $ 503,894            $ 66,005       $ 917,643
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care insurance.
(2) Other liabilities are non-insurance contract liabilities which include segregated funds, bank deposits, long-term debt, deferred tax liabilities, derivatives, investment contracts,

  embedded derivatives and other miscellaneous liabilities.
(3) Capital is defined in note 13.




(d) Significant insurance contract liability valuation assumptions
The determination of insurance contract liabilities involves the use of estimates and assumptions. Insurance contract liabilities have two
major components: a best estimate amount and a provision for adverse deviation.

Best estimate assumptions
Best estimate assumptions are made with respect to mortality and morbidity, investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating
expenses and certain taxes. Actual experience is monitored to ensure that assumptions remain appropriate and assumptions are changed
as warranted. Assumptions are discussed in more detail in the following table.


  Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                                              Risk management
  Mortality              Mortality relates to the occurrence of death. Mortality is a key                  The Company maintains underwriting standards to determine
  and                    assumption for life insurance and certain forms of annuities.                     the insurability of applicants. Claim trends are monitored on an
                         Mortality assumptions are based on the Company’s internal                         ongoing basis. Exposure to large claims is managed by
  morbidity
                         experience as well as past and emerging industry experience.                      establishing policy retention limits, which vary by market and
                         Assumptions are differentiated by sex, underwriting class, policy                 geographic location. Policies in excess of the limits are
                         type and geographic market. Assumptions are made for future                       reinsured with other companies.
                         mortality improvements.
                                                                                                           Mortality is monitored monthly and the overall 2022 experience
                         Morbidity relates to the occurrence of accidents and sickness                     was unfavourable (2021 – unfavourable) when compared to the
                         for insured risks. Morbidity is a key assumption for long-term                    Company’s assumptions. Morbidity is also monitored monthly
                         care insurance, disability insurance, critical illness and other                  and the overall 2022 experience was favourable (2021 –
                         forms of individual and group health benefits. Morbidity                          favourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions.
                         assumptions are based on the Company’s internal experience as
                         well as past and emerging industry experience and are
                         established for each type of morbidity risk and geographic
                         market. Assumptions are made for future morbidity
                         improvements.




178 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                       Risk management
Investment    The Company segments assets to support liabilities by business      The Company’s policy of closely matching asset cash flows with
returns       segment and geographic market and establishes investment            those of the corresponding liabilities is designed to mitigate the
              strategies for each liability segment. Projected cash flows from    Company’s exposure to future changes in interest rates. The
              these assets are combined with projected cash flows from future     interest rate risk positions in business segments are monitored
              asset purchases/sales to determine expected rates of return on      on an ongoing basis. Under CALM, the reinvestment rate is
              these assets for future years. Investment strategies are based      developed using interest rate scenario testing and reflects the
              on the target investment policies for each segment and the          interest rate risk positions.
              reinvestment returns are derived from current and projected
                                                                                  In 2022, the movement in interest rates positively (2021 –
              market rates for fixed income investments and a projected
                                                                                  negatively) impacted the Company’s net income. This positive
              outlook for other alternative long-duration assets.
                                                                                  impact was primarily due to increase in risk-free interest rates in
              Investment return assumptions include expected future credit        the U.S., Canada, and Asia.
              losses on fixed income investments. Credit losses are projected
                                                                                  The exposure to credit losses is managed against policies that
              based on past experience of the Company and industry as well
                                                                                  limit concentrations by issuer, corporate connections, ratings,
              as specific reviews of the current investment portfolio.
                                                                                  sectors and geographic regions. On participating policies and
              Investment return assumptions for each asset class and              some non-participating policies, credit loss experience is
              geographic market also incorporate expected investment              passed back to policyholders through the investment return
              management expenses that are derived from internal cost             crediting formula. For other policies, premiums and benefits
              studies. The costs are attributed to each asset class to develop    reflect the Company’s assumed level of future credit losses at
              unitized assumptions per dollar of asset for each asset class and   contract inception or most recent contract adjustment date. The
              geographic market.                                                  Company holds explicit provisions in actuarial liabilities for
                                                                                  credit risk including provisions for adverse deviation.

                                                                                  In 2022, credit loss experience on debt securities and
                                                                                  mortgages was favourable (2021 – favourable) when compared
                                                                                  to the Company’s assumptions.

                                                                                  Equities, real estate and other alternative long-duration assets
                                                                                  are used to support liabilities where investment return
                                                                                  experience is passed back to policyholders through dividends or
                                                                                  credited investment return adjustments. Equities, real estate,
                                                                                  and other alternative long-duration assets are also used to
                                                                                  support long-dated obligations in the Company’s annuity and
                                                                                  pension businesses and for long-dated insurance obligations on
                                                                                  contracts where the investment return risk is borne by the
                                                                                  Company.

                                                                                  In 2022, investment experience related to alternative long-
                                                                                  duration assets backing policyholder liabilities was favourable
                                                                                  (2021 – favourable) primarily driven by gains in private equities,
                                                                                  timber and agriculture properties, partially offset by losses in
                                                                                  real estate properties. In 2022, alternative long-duration asset
                                                                                  origination exceeded (2021 – did not exceed) valuation
                                                                                  requirements.

                                                                                  In 2022, for the business that is dynamically hedged,
                                                                                  segregated fund guarantee experience on residual,
                                                                                  non-dynamically hedged market risks were unfavourable (2021
                                                                                  – unfavourable). For the business that is not dynamically
                                                                                  hedged, experience on segregated fund guarantees due to
                                                                                  changes in the market value of assets under management was
                                                                                  also unfavourable (2021 – unfavourable). This excludes the
                                                                                  experience on the macro equity hedges.

                                                                                  In 2022, investment expense experience was favourable (2021
                                                                                  – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions.




                                                                                                                                                   179
 Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                              Risk management

 Policy              Policies are terminated through lapses and surrenders, where         The Company seeks to design products that minimize financial
 termination         lapses represent the termination of policies due to non-payment      exposure to lapse, surrender and premium persistency risk. The
                     of premiums and surrenders represent the voluntary termination       Company monitors lapse, surrender and persistency
 and
                     of policies by policyholders. Premium persistency represents         experience.
 premium             the level of ongoing deposits on contracts where there is
 persistency                                                                              In aggregate, 2022 policyholder termination and premium
                     policyholder discretion as to the amount and timing of deposits.
                                                                                          persistency experience was unfavourable (2021 – unfavourable)
                     Policy termination and premium persistency assumptions are
                                                                                          when compared to the Company’s assumptions used in the
                     primarily based on the Company’s recent experience adjusted
                                                                                          computation of actuarial liabilities.
                     for expected future conditions. Assumptions reflect differences
                     by type of contract within each geographic market.

 Expenses            Operating expense assumptions reflect the projected costs of         The Company prices its products to cover the expected costs of
 and taxes           maintaining and servicing in-force policies, including associated    servicing and maintaining them. In addition, the Company
                     overhead expenses. The expenses are derived from internal cost       monitors expenses monthly, including comparisons of actual
                     studies projected into the future with an allowance for inflation.   expenses to expense levels allowed for in pricing and valuation.
                     For some developing businesses, there is an expectation that
                                                                                          Maintenance expenses for 2022 were unfavourable (2021 –
                     unit costs will decline as these businesses grow.
                                                                                          unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions
                     Taxes reflect assumptions for future premium taxes and other         used in the computation of actuarial liabilities.
                     non-income related taxes. For income taxes, policy liabilities are
                                                                                          The Company prices its products to cover the expected cost of
                     adjusted only for temporary tax timing and permanent tax rate
                                                                                          taxes.
                     differences on the cash flows available to satisfy policy
                     obligations.

 Policyholder        The best estimate projections for policyholder dividends and         The Company monitors policy experience and adjusts policy
 dividends,          experience rating refunds, and other adjustable elements of          benefits and other adjustable elements to reflect this
                     policy benefits are determined to be consistent with                 experience.
 experience
                     management’s expectation of how these elements will be
 rating              managed should experience emerge consistently with the best          Policyholder dividends are reviewed annually for all businesses
 refunds, and                                                                             under a framework of Board-approved policyholder dividend
                     estimate assumptions used for mortality and morbidity,
 other                                                                                    policies.
                     investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating
 adjustable          expenses and taxes.
 policy
 elements

 Foreign             Foreign currency risk results from a mismatch of the currency of     The Company generally matches the currency of its assets with
 currency            liabilities and the currency of the assets designated to support     the currency of the liabilities they support, with the objective of
                     these obligations. Where a currency mismatch exists, the             mitigating the risk of loss arising from movements in currency
                     assumed rate of return on the assets supporting the liabilities is   exchange rates.
                     reduced to reflect the potential for adverse movements in
                     foreign exchange rates.


The Company reviews actuarial methods and assumptions on an annual basis. If changes are made to assumptions (refer to note 7(h)), the
full impact is recognized in income immediately.

(e) Sensitivity of insurance contract liabilities to changes in non-economic assumptions
The sensitivity of net income attributed to shareholders to changes in non-economic assumptions underlying insurance contract liabilities
is shown below, assuming a simultaneous change in the assumption across all business units. The sensitivity of net income attributed to
shareholders to a deterioration or improvement in non-economic assumptions for Long-Term Care (“LTC”) as at December 31, 2022 is also
shown below.
In practice, experience for each assumption will frequently vary by geographic market and business and assumption updates are made on
a business/geographic specific basis. Actual results can differ materially from these estimates for a variety of reasons including the
interaction among these factors when more than one changes; changes in actuarial and investment return and future investment activity
assumptions; changes in business mix, effective tax rates and other market factors; and the general limitations of internal models.




180 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to non-economic assumptions(1)

                                                                                                                                                                   Decrease in after-tax net
                                                                                                                                                                      income attributed
                                                                                                                                                                       to shareholders
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                                     2022            2021
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality rates(2),(4)
   Products where an increase in rates increases insurance contract liabilities                                                                                 $      (500)     $      (500)
   Products where a decrease in rates increases insurance contract liabilities                                                                                         (500)            (500)
5% adverse change in future morbidity rates (incidence and termination)(3),(4),(5)                                                                                   (4,500)          (5,500)
10% adverse change in future policy termination rates(4)                                                                                                             (2,200)          (2,400)
5% increase in future expense levels                                                                                                                                   (600)            (600)
(1) The participating policy funds are largely self-supporting and generate no material impact on net income attributed to shareholders as a result of changes in non-economic

  assumptions. Experience gains or losses would generally result in changes to future dividends, with no direct impact to shareholders.
(2) An increase in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities for life insurance contracts whereas a decrease in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities for

  policies with longevity risk such as payout annuities.
(3) No amounts related to morbidity risk are included for policies where the policy liability provides only for claims costs expected over a short period, generally less than one year,

  such as Group Life and Health.
(4) The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from the Company’s ability to contractually raise premium

    rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration resulting from the
    sensitivities.
(5) 5% deterioration in incidence rates and 5% deterioration in claim termination rates.




Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to non-economic assumptions for Long-Term Care
included in the above table(1),(2)
                                                                                                                                                                Decrease in after-tax net
                                                                                                                                                                   income attributed
                                                                                                                                                                    to shareholders
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                                    2022            2021
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality rates                                                                                                                    $      (300)     $      (300)
5% adverse change in future morbidity incidence rates                                                                                                               (1,700)          (2,000)
5% adverse change in future morbidity claims termination rates                                                                                                      (2,400)          (3,100)
10% adverse change in future policy termination rates                                                                                                                 (300)            (400)
5% increase in future expense levels                                                                                                                                  (100)            (100)
(1) The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from the Company’s ability to contractually raise premium

    rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration resulting from the
    sensitivities.
(2) The impact of favourable changes to all the sensitivities is relatively symmetrical.




(f) Provision for adverse deviation assumptions
The assumptions made in establishing insurance contract liabilities reflect expected best estimates of future experience. To recognize the
uncertainty in these best estimate assumptions, to allow for possible misestimation of and deterioration in experience and to provide a
greater degree of assurance that the insurance contract liabilities are adequate to pay future benefits, the Appointed Actuary is required to
include a margin in each assumption.
Margins are released into future earnings as the policy is released from risk. Margins for interest rate risk are included by testing a number
of scenarios of future interest rates. The margin can be established by testing a limited number of scenarios, some of which are prescribed
by the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice, and determining the liability based on the worst outcome. Alternatively, the margin can
be set by testing many scenarios, which are developed according to actuarial guidance. Under this approach the liability would be the
average of the outcomes above a percentile in the range prescribed by the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice.
Specific guidance is also provided for other risks such as market, credit, mortality and morbidity risks. For other risks which are not
specifically addressed by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries, a range is provided of five per cent to 20 per cent of the expected experience
assumption. The Company uses assumptions within the permissible ranges, with the determination of the level set considering the risk
profile of the business. On occasion, in specific circumstances for additional prudence, a margin may exceed the high end of the range,
which is permissible under the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice. This additional margin would be released if the specific
circumstances which led to it being established were to change.
Each margin is reviewed annually for continued appropriateness.




                                                                                                                                                                                            181
(g) Change in insurance contract liabilities
The change in insurance contract liabilities was a result of the following business activities and changes in actuarial estimates.

                                                                                                                              Other                   Net                               Gross
                                                                                                                         insurance            insurance                            insurance
                                                                                                 Net actuarial             contract             contract     Reinsurance             contract
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                                                 liabilities       liabilities(1)          liabilities        assets            liabilities
Balance, January 1                                                                              $ 332,272              $ 15,472             $ 347,744        $ 44,531          $ 392,275
New policies(2)                                                                                     5,365                     –                 5,365             116              5,481
Normal in-force movement(2)                                                                       (39,174)                1,216               (37,958)         (1,042)           (39,000)
Changes in methods and assumptions(2)                                                                 112                  (192)                  (80)            349                269
Reinsurance transactions(2),(3)                                                                    (2,419)                    –                (2,419)            950             (1,469)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        10,439                   640                11,079           2,770             13,849
Balance, December 31                                                                            $ 306,595              $ 17,136             $ 323,731        $ 47,674          $ 371,405


                                                                                                                              Other                   Net                               Gross
                                                                                                                         insurance            insurance                            insurance
                                                                                                 Net actuarial             contract             contract     Reinsurance             contract
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                                                 liabilities       liabilities(1)          liabilities        assets            liabilities
Balance, January 1                                                                              $ 325,408              $ 14,377             $ 339,785        $ 45,769          $ 385,554
New policies(4)                                                                                     5,947                     –                 5,947             276              6,223
Normal in-force movement(4)                                                                         4,689                 1,283                 5,972          (1,812)             4,160
Changes in methods and assumptions(4)                                                                 287                     –                   287             455                742
Reinsurance transactions                                                                                –                     –                     –               –                  –
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        (4,059)                 (188)               (4,247)           (157)            (4,404)
Balance, December 31                                                                            $ 332,272              $ 15,472             $ 347,744        $ 44,531          $ 392,275
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities are comprised of benefits payable and provisions for unreported claims and policyholder amounts on deposit.
(2) In 2022, the $34,971 decrease reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the 2022 Consolidated Statements of Income primarily consists of changes due to

    normal in-force movement, new policies, changes in methods and assumptions, and reinsurance transactions. These four items in the gross insurance contract liabilities were
    netted off by a decrease of $34,719, of which $35,830 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a decrease in insurance contract liabilities and $1,111
    increase is included in gross claims and benefits. The Consolidated Statements of Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded
    derivatives associated with insurance contracts, however these embedded derivatives are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
(3) In 2022, we completed two transactions to reinsure blocks of legacy U.S. variable annuity (“VA”) policies. Under the terms of the transactions, the Company will retain

    responsibility for the maintenance of the policies with no intended impact to VA policyholders. The transactions were structured as coinsurance for the general fund liabilities
    and modified coinsurance for the segregated fund liabilities.
(4) In 2021, the $10,719 increase reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Income primarily consists of changes due to normal

    in-force movement, new policies and changes in methods and assumptions. These three items in the gross insurance contract liabilities were netted off by an increase of
    $11,125, of which $9,868 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income increase in insurance contract liabilities and $1,257 is included in gross claims and benefits.
    The Consolidated Statements of Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded derivatives associated with insurance contracts.


(h) Actuarial methods and assumptions
A comprehensive review of actuarial methods and assumptions is performed annually. The review is designed to reduce the Company’s
exposure to uncertainty by ensuring assumptions for both asset and liability related risks remain appropriate. This is accomplished by
monitoring experience and selecting assumptions which represent a current best estimate view of expected future experience, and
margins for adverse deviations that are appropriate for the risks assumed. While the assumptions selected represent the Company’s
current best estimates and assessment of risk, the ongoing monitoring of experience and changes in the economic environment are likely
to result in future changes to the actuarial assumptions, which could materially impact the measurement of insurance contract liabilities.

2022 Review of Actuarial Methods and Assumptions
The completion of the 2022 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions resulted in a decrease in insurance contract liabilities,
net of reinsurance, of $80, and a net gain to net income attributed to shareholders of $36 post-tax.

                                                                                                                       Change in insurance contract liabilities,
                                                                                                                                 net of reinsurance
                                                                                                                                    Attributed to                              Change in net
                                                                                                                                    participating        Attributed to     income attributed
                                                                                                                                   policyholders’       shareholders’        to shareholders
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                                                                    Total          account(1)             account              (post-tax)
Long-term care triennial review                                                                                    $  19                $        –           $   19                  $ (15)
Mortality and morbidity updates                                                                                      157                        (5)             162                   (126)
Lapses and policyholder behaviour updates                                                                            317                        74              243                   (192)
Investment related updates                                                                                          (210)                       (1)            (209)                   157
Other updates                                                                                                       (363)                     (145)            (218)                   212
Net impact                                                                                                         $ (80)               $      (77)          $   (3)                 $ 36
(1) The change in insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance, attributable to the participating policyholders’ account was primarily driven by an increase in expected long-term

  interest rates within the valuation models to reflect the higher interest rate environment, partially offset by the lapse assumption update in Canada.


182 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Long-term care triennial review
U.S. Insurance completed a comprehensive long-term care (“LTC”) experience study. The review included all aspects of claim assumptions,
as well as the progress on future premium rate increases. The impact of the LTC review resulted in a net $15 post-tax charge to net income
attributed to shareholders.
The experience study showed that claim costs established in the last triennial review remain appropriate in aggregate for the older blocks
of business1 supported by robust claims data on this mature block. Insurance contract liabilities were strengthened for claim costs on the
newer block of business2. This was driven by lower active life mortality3 supported by Company experience and a recent industry study, as
well as higher utilization of benefits, which included the impact of reflecting higher inflation in the cost-of-care up to the current year. The
Company also reviewed and updated incidence and claim termination assumptions which, on a net basis, provided a partial offset to the
increase in insurance contract liabilities on active life mortality and utilization. In addition, some policyholders are electing to reduce their
benefits in lieu of paying increased premiums which resulted in a reduction in insurance contract liabilities. The overall claims experience
review led to a post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately $2.3 billion (US$1.7 billion).
Experience continues to support the assumptions of both future morbidity and mortality improvement, resulting in no changes to these
assumptions.
As of September 30, 2022, the Company has received actual premium increase approvals of $2.5 billion pre-tax (US$1.9 billion pre-tax)
on a present value basis since the last triennial review in 2019. This aligns with the full amount assumed in the Company’s insurance
contract liabilities at that time and demonstrates the Company’s continued strong track record of progress in securing premium rate
increases4. In 2022, the review of future premium increases assumed in insurance contract liabilities resulted in a post-tax gain to net
income attributed to shareholders of approximately $2.1 billion (US$1.6 billion). This reflects expected future premium increases that are
due to the Company’s 2022 review of morbidity, mortality, and lapse assumptions, as well as outstanding amounts from prior state filings.
Premium increases averaging approximately 30% will be sought on about one-half of the business, excluding the carryover of 2019
amounts requested. The Company’s assumptions reflect the estimated timing and amount of state approved premium increases.
Other refinements to LTC valuation resulted in a post-tax gain of approximately $0.2 billion (US$0.2 billion) to net income attributed to
shareholders.

Mortality and morbidity updates
Mortality and morbidity updates resulted in a $126 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders, driven by a detailed review of
the mortality and morbidity assumptions for the Company’s Canada insurance business, and by updates to morbidity assumptions in
Vietnam to align with experience.

Lapses and policyholder behaviour updates
Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour assumptions resulted in a $192 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The Company completed a detailed review of lapse assumptions for Singapore, and increased lapse rates to align with experience on
index-linked products, which reduced projected future fee income to be received on these products.
The Company also increased lapse rates on Canada’s term insurance products for policies approaching their renewal date, reflecting
emerging experience in the Company’s study.

Investment-related updates
Updates to investment return assumptions resulted in a $157 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders, primarily driven by
annual updates to the Company’s valuation models to reflect market movements during the year. No changes were made to the Company’s
long-term assumed returns.

Other updates
Other updates resulted in a $212 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders, which included refinements to the projection of
the Company’s tax and liability cash flows, as well as various other modelling updates.




1 First generation policies issued prior to 2002.
2 Second generation policies with an average issue date of 2007 and Group policies with an average issue date of 2003.
3 The mortality rate of LTC policyholders who are currently not on claim.
4 Actual experience obtaining premium increases could be materially different than what the Company has assumed, resulting in further increases or decreases in insurance

  contract liabilities, which could be material.


                                                                                                                                                                            183
2021 Review of Actuarial Methods and Assumptions
The completion of the 2021 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions resulted in an increase in insurance contract liabilities of
$287, net of reinsurance, and a decrease in net income attributed to shareholders of $41 post-tax.

                                                                                                                     Change in insurance contract liabilities,
                                                                                                                               net of reinsurance
                                                                                                                                 Attributed to                          Change in net
                                                                                                                                 participating     Attributed to    income attributed
                                                                                                                                policyholders’    shareholders’       to shareholders
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                                                                  Total         account(1)          account             (post-tax)
U.S. variable annuity product review                                                                             $   51             $      –            $  51                  $ (40)
Mortality and morbidity updates                                                                                     350                    –              350                   (257)
Lapses and policyholder behaviour updates                                                                           686                   18              668                   (534)
Expense updates                                                                                                    (653)                 (25)            (628)                   503
Investment related updates                                                                                         (257)                  (2)            (255)                   168
Other updates                                                                                                       110                  231             (121)                   119
Net impact                                                                                                       $ 287              $    222            $ 65                   $ (41)
(1) The change in insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance, attributable to the participating policyholders’ account was primarily driven by a reduction in the expected long-

  term interest rates within the valuation models to reflect the low interest rate environment.


U.S. variable annuity product review
The review of the Company’s variable annuity products in the U.S. resulted in a $40 post-tax charge to net income attributed to
shareholders.
The charge was primarily driven by updates to lapse assumptions to reflect emerging experience, partially offset by refinements to the
Company’s segregated fund guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit valuation models.

Mortality and morbidity updates
Mortality and morbidity updates resulted in a $257 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The charge was driven by updates to older age mortality on certain products in the Company’s U.S. life insurance business, mortality
assumption updates in Indonesia to reflect recent experience, as well as from refining assumptions on several reinsurance arrangements
in Canada.

Lapses and policyholder behaviour updates
Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour assumptions resulted in a $534 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The Company completed a detailed review of lapse assumptions for non-participating policies within the Company’s U.S. life insurance
business including those for universal life, variable universal life, and term products. The Company observed a trend of low lapse rates on
the protection-focused universal life insurance products as consumers continue to value the product guarantees in the prolonged low
interest rate environment. The Company lowered the overall lapse assumptions for these products to reflect actual experience, which
resulted in a post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
Other updates to lapse and policyholder behaviour assumptions were made across several products in Canada and Japan to reflect recent
experience, resulting in a modest post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.

Expense updates
Updates to expense assumptions resulted in a $503 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders.
The Company completed a detailed review of the investment expense assumptions across the Company. This resulted in a $263 post-tax
gain to net income attributed to shareholders, primarily driven by scale benefits.
The Company also completed a global expense study, which resulted in a $256 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders. The
favourable result primarily reflects a reallocation of expenses across certain business lines to align with actual experience, as well as from
expense savings related to various expense efficiency initiatives.

Investment-related updates
Updates to investment return assumptions resulted in a $168 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders.
The primary driver of the gain was an update to the Company’s corporate bond default rates to reflect recent experience; the Company
reduced default assumptions for certain credit ratings in Canada, the U.S., and Japan. This was partially offset by a reduction to the
Company’s Canadian real estate investment return assumptions.



184 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Other updates
Other updates resulted in a $119 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders.
This was primarily driven by Japan, whereby investment fees for certain mandates in the general account provided by affiliate investment
managers were reviewed and updated to align with broader market levels.

(i) Insurance contracts contractual obligations
Insurance contracts give rise to obligations fixed by agreement. As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s contractual obligations and
commitments relating to insurance contracts are as follows.

                                                                                            Less than            1 to 3           3 to 5
Payments due by period                                                                         1 year            years            years           Over 5 years                    Total
Insurance contract liabilities(1)                                                         $ 11,498         $ 12,365         $ 18,496          $ 1,012,611             $ 1,054,970
(1) Insurance contract liability cash flows include estimates related to the timing and payment of death and disability claims, policy surrenders, policy maturities, annuity

  payments, minimum guarantees on segregated fund products, policyholder dividends, commissions and premium taxes offset by contractual future premiums on in-force
  contracts. These estimated cash flows are based on the best estimate assumptions used in the determination of insurance contract liabilities. These amounts are undiscounted
  and reflect recoveries from reinsurance agreements. Due to the use of assumptions, actual cash flows may differ from these estimates. Cash flows include embedded
  derivatives measured separately at fair value.


(j) Gross claims and benefits
The following table presents a breakdown of gross claims and benefits.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                               2022              2021
Death, disability and other claims                                                                                                                      $ 19,404          $ 18,583
Maturity and surrender benefits                                                                                                                           10,662             8,728
Annuity payments                                                                                                                                           3,242             3,276
Policyholder dividends and experience rating refunds                                                                                                       1,279             1,255
Net transfers from segregated funds                                                                                                                       (1,267)             (732)
Total                                                                                                                                                   $ 33,320          $ 31,110


(k) Reinsurance transaction
On November 15, 2021 and October 3, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiaries John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
(“JHUSA”) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York (“JHNY”) entered into reinsurance agreements with Venerable Holdings,
Inc. to reinsure blocks of legacy U.S. variable annuity (“VA”) policies. Under the terms of the transactions, the Company will retain
responsibility for the maintenance of the policies with no intended impact to VA policyholders. The transactions were structured as
coinsurance for the general fund liabilities and modified coinsurance for the segregated fund liabilities.
The transactions closed on February 1, 2022 and October 3, 2022, respectively, resulting in a cumulative after-tax gain of $806,
comprising a cumulative after-tax gain of $846 recognized in 2022, and a one-time after-tax loss of $40 recognized in the fourth quarter
2021.


Note 8 Investment Contract Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities are contractual obligations that do not contain significant insurance risk. These contracts are measured
either at fair value or at amortized cost.

(a) Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value
Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value include certain investment savings and pension products sold primarily in Hong Kong
and mainland China. The following table presents the movement in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                                   2022          2021
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                                               $ 802          $ 932
New policies                                                                                                                                                        93             54
Changes in market conditions                                                                                                                                       (39)           (38)
Redemptions, surrenders and maturities                                                                                                                            (106)          (138)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                         46             (8)
Balance, December 31                                                                                                                                             $ 796          $ 802




                                                                                                                                                                                     185
(b) Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost
Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost include several fixed annuity products sold in the U.S. and Canada that provide
guaranteed income payments for a contractually determined period and are not contingent on survivorship.
The following table presents carrying and fair values of investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost.

                                                                                                                            2022                               2021
                                                                                                                    Amortized                          Amortized
                                                                                                                 cost, gross of                     cost, gross of
                                                                                                                  reinsurance                        reinsurance
As at December 31,                                                                                                     ceded(1)     Fair value            ceded(1)    Fair value
U.S. fixed annuity products                                                                                         $ 1,575         $ 1,547            $ 1,380        $ 1,602
Canadian fixed annuity products                                                                                         877             956                935          1,016
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                     $ 2,452         $ 2,503            $ 2,315        $ 2,618
(1) As at December 31, 2022, investment contract liabilities with the carrying value and fair value of $38 and $38, respectively (2021 – $48 and $52, respectively), were

  reinsured by the Company. The net carrying value and fair value of investment contract liabilities were $2,414 and $2,465 (2021 – $2,267 and $2,566), respectively.

The changes in investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost was a result of the following business activities.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                           2022             2021
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                                     $ 2,315        $ 2,356
Policy deposits                                                                                                                                            200             92
Interest                                                                                                                                                    67             71
Withdrawals                                                                                                                                               (236)          (191)
Fees                                                                                                                                                        (1)            (1)
Other                                                                                                                                                        –             (5)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                107             (7)
Balance, December 31                                                                                                                                   $ 2,452        $ 2,315

Carrying value of fixed annuity products is amortized at a rate that exactly discounts the projected actual cash flows to the net carrying
amount of the liability at the date of issue.
Fair value of fixed annuity products is determined by projecting cash flows according to the contract terms and discounting the cash flows
at current market rates adjusted for the Company’s own credit standing. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, fair value of all investment
contract liabilities was determined using Level 2 valuation techniques.

(c) Investment contracts contractual obligations
As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s contractual obligations and commitments relating to the investment contracts are as follows.

                                                                                                     Less than            1 to 3           3 to 5        Over 5
Payments due by period                                                                                  1 year            years            years          years             Total
Investment contract liabilities(1)                                                                    $ 300            $ 511            $ 514       $ 3,365          $ 4,690
(1) Due to the nature of the products, the timing of net cash flows may be before contract maturity. Cash flows are undiscounted.




186 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 9        Risk Management
The Company’s policies and procedures for managing risks of financial instruments are disclosed in denoted components of the “Risk
Management and Risk Factors” section of the MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2022. These MD&A disclosures are in accordance
with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” and are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

(a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss due to inability or unwillingness of a borrower, or counterparty, to fulfill its payment obligations. Worsening
regional and global economic conditions, segment or industry sector challenges, or company specific factors could result in defaults or
downgrades and could lead to increased provisions or impairments related to the Company’s general fund invested assets, derivative
financial instruments and reinsurance assets and an increase in provisions for future credit impairments that are included in actuarial
liabilities.
The Company’s exposure to credit risk is managed through risk management policies and procedures which include a defined credit
evaluation and adjudication process, delegated credit approval authorities and established exposure limits by borrower, corporate
connection, credit rating, industry and geographic region. The Company measures derivative counterparty exposure as net potential credit
exposure, which takes into consideration mark-to-market values of all transactions with each counterparty, net of any collateral held, and
an allowance to reflect future potential exposure. Reinsurance counterparty exposure is measured reflecting the level of ceded liabilities.
The Company also ensures where warranted, that mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are secured by collateral, the
nature of which depends on the credit risk of the counterparty.
An allowance for losses on loans is established when a loan becomes impaired. Allowances for loan losses are calculated to reduce the
carrying value of the loans to estimated net realizable value. The establishment of such allowances takes into consideration normal
historical credit loss levels and future expectations, with an allowance for adverse deviations. In addition, policy liabilities include general
provisions for credit losses from future asset impairments. Impairments are identified through regular monitoring of all credit related
exposures, considering such information as general market conditions, industry and borrower specific credit events and any other relevant
trends or conditions. Allowances for losses on reinsurance contracts are established when a reinsurance counterparty becomes unable or
unwilling to fulfill its contractual obligations. The allowance for loss is based on current recoverable amounts and ceded policy liabilities.
Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties is discussed in note 9(d) and credit risk associated with reinsurance counterparties is
discussed in note 9(i).

(i) Credit exposure
The following table presents the gross carrying amount of financial instruments subject to credit exposure, without considering any
collateral held or other credit enhancements.

As at December 31,                                                                                                           2022           2021
Debt securities
    FVTPL                                                                                                              $ 170,273      $ 189,722
    AFS                                                                                                                   32,220         33,097
Other                                                                                                                      1,411          1,320
Mortgages                                                                                                                 54,638         52,014
Private placements                                                                                                        47,057         42,842
Policy loans                                                                                                               6,894          6,397
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                                      2,781          2,506
Derivative assets                                                                                                          8,588         17,503
Accrued investment income                                                                                                  2,813          2,641
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                        47,712         44,579
Other financial assets                                                                                                     6,077          6,242
Total                                                                                                                  $ 380,464      $ 398,863

As at December 31, 2022, 96% (2021 – 97%) of debt securities were investment grade-rated with ratings ranging between AAA to BBB.

(ii) Credit quality
Credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements
Credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements is assessed at least annually by using an internal rating based on regular
monitoring of credit-related exposures, considering both qualitative and quantitative factors.
A provision is recorded when the internal risk ratings indicate that a loss represents the most likely outcome. These assets are designated
as non-accrual and an allowance is established based on an analysis of the security and repayment sources.



                                                                                                                                                  187
The following table presents the credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements.

As at December 31, 2022                                                    AAA             AA            A           BBB           BB    B and lower       Total
Commercial mortgages
    Retail                                                            $   113      $  1,526       $  4,872   $  2,055      $   194        $     2      $  8,762
    Office                                                                102         1,460          5,950      1,471           57             33         9,073
    Multi-family residential                                              500         2,213          3,751        892           11              –         7,367
    Industrial                                                             72           929          3,312        407            –              –         4,720
    Other                                                                 180           990            798        764            –              –         2,732
Total commercial mortgages                                                967         7,118         18,683      5,589          262             35        32,654
Agricultural mortgages                                                      –             –            119        240            –              –           359
Private placements                                                        904         6,991         16,534     17,176        1,105          4,347        47,057
Total                                                                 $ 1,871      $ 14,109       $ 35,336   $ 23,005      $ 1,367        $ 4,382      $ 80,070


As at December 31, 2021                                                    AAA             AA            A           BBB           BB    B and lower       Total
Commercial mortgages
    Retail                                                            $   113      $  1,340       $  5,179   $  1,936      $   228        $     2      $  8,798
    Office                                                                 56         1,256          6,004      1,291           87             40         8,734
    Multi-family residential                                              557         1,869          3,771        767           32              –         6,996
    Industrial                                                             47           376          2,808        328            –              –         3,559
    Other                                                                 212         1,010            787        956           47              –         3,012
Total commercial mortgages                                                985         5,851         18,549      5,278          394             42        31,099
Agricultural mortgages                                                      –             –            119        242            –              –           361
Private placements                                                        976         5,720         16,147     16,220        1,161          2,618        42,842
Total                                                                 $ 1,961      $ 11,571       $ 34,815   $ 21,740      $ 1,555        $ 2,660      $ 74,302


Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients
Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients is assessed at least annually with the loan being performing or
non-performing as the key credit quality indicator.
Full or partial write-offs of loans are recorded when management believes that there is no realistic prospect of full recovery. Write-offs, net
of recoveries, are deducted from the allowance for credit losses. All impairments are captured in the allowance for credit losses.
The following table presents credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients.

                                                                                                2022                                          2021
As at December 31,                                                               Insured    Uninsured        Total             Insured    Uninsured        Total
Residential mortgages
   Performing                                                                $ 7,015       $ 14,569     $ 21,584           $ 7,264       $ 13,272      $ 20,536
   Non-performing(1)                                                               8             33           41                 6             12            18
Loans to Bank clients
   Performing                                                                    n/a          2,778        2,778                n/a         2,506         2,506
   Non-performing(1)                                                             n/a              3            3                n/a             –             –
Total                                                                        $ 7,023       $ 17,383     $ 24,406           $ 7,270       $ 15,790      $ 23,060
(1) Non-performing refers to payments that are 90 days or more past due.



The carrying value of government-insured mortgages was 13% of the total mortgage portfolio as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 14%). Most
of these insured mortgages are residential loans as classified in the table above.

(iii) Past due or credit impaired financial assets
The Company provides for credit risk by establishing allowances against the carrying value of impaired loans and recognizing impairment
losses on AFS debt securities. In addition, the Company reports as impairment losses certain declines in the fair value of debt securities
designated as FVTPL which it deems represent impairments due to non-recoverability of due amounts.




188 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the carrying value of financial assets with some or all of their contractual payments past due but which are not
impaired and impaired financial assets.

                                                                                                                                  Past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                         Less than          90 days                          Total
As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                   90 days        and greater           Total      impaired
Debt securities(1),(2)
    FVTPL                                                                                                                $ 2,059              $  71      $ 2,130           $   9
    AFS                                                                                                                      922                  –          922               –
Private placements(1)                                                                                                        317                152          469             229
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                          103                  –          103              74
Other financial assets                                                                                                        36                 34           70               1
Total                                                                                                                    $ 3,437              $ 257      $ 3,694           $ 313


                                                                                                                                  Past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                         Less than          90 days                          Total
As at December 31, 2021                                                                                                   90 days        and greater           Total      impaired
Debt securities(1),(2)
    FVTPL                                                                                                                $        20          $    –     $      20         $   2
    AFS                                                                                                                            –               –             –             –
Private placements(1)                                                                                                             63               –            63           175
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                               61               –            61            51
Other financial assets                                                                                                           261              47           308             –
Total                                                                                                                    $       405          $   47     $     452         $ 228
(1) Payments of $12 on $3,297 (December 31, 2021 – $nil and $20, respectively) of financial assets past due less than 90 days are delayed.
(2) Payments of $4 on $224 (December 31, 2021 – $nil and $nil, respectively) of financial assets past due greater than 90 days are delayed.




The following table presents gross carrying value and allowances for loan losses for impaired loans.

                                                                                                                                     Gross            Allowances       Net carrying
As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                      carrying value       for loan losses             value
Private placements                                                                                                                     $ 254              $ 25             $ 229
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                                       96                22                74
Total                                                                                                                                  $ 350              $ 47             $ 303


                                                                                                                                     Gross            Allowances       Net carrying
As at December 31, 2021                                                                                                      carrying value       for loan losses             value
Private placements                                                                                                                     $ 197              $ 22             $ 175
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                                       73                22                51
Total                                                                                                                                  $ 270              $ 44             $ 226


The following table presents movement of allowance for loan losses during the year.

                                                                                                        2022                                              2021
                                                                                                        Mortgages                                        Mortgages
                                                                                            Private    and loans to                         Private     and loans to
For the years ended December 31,                                                        placements     Bank clients      Total          placements      Bank clients           Total
Balance, January 1                                                                           $ 22            $ 22       $ 44                  $ 79             $ 28        $ 107
Provisions                                                                                     22               4         26                     14              12           26
Recoveries                                                                                    (18)             (2)       (20)                   (58)            (16)         (74)
Write-offs(1)                                                                                  (1)             (2)        (3)                   (13)             (2)         (15)
Balance, December 31                                                                         $ 25            $ 22       $ 47                  $ 22             $ 22        $ 44
(1) Includes disposals and impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.




(b) Securities lending, repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions
The Company engages in securities lending to generate fee income. Collateral exceeding the market value of the loaned securities is
retained by the Company until the underlying security has been returned to the Company. The market value of the loaned securities is
monitored daily and additional collateral is obtained or refunded as the market value of the underlying loaned securities fluctuates. As at
December 31, 2022, the Company had loaned securities (which are included in invested assets) with a market value of $723 (2021 –
$564). The Company holds collateral with a current market value that exceeds the value of securities lent in all cases.


                                                                                                                                                                                  189
The Company engages in reverse repurchase transactions to generate fee income to take possession of securities to cover short positions
in similar instruments and to meet short-term funding requirements. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had engaged in reverse
repurchase transactions of $895 (2021 – $1,490) which are recorded as short-term receivables. In addition, the Company had engaged in
repurchase transactions of $895 as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $536) which are recorded as payables.

(c) Credit default swaps
The Company replicates exposure to specific issuers by selling credit protection via credit default swaps (“CDS”) to complement its cash
debt securities investing. The Company does not write CDS protection more than its government bond holdings. A CDS is a derivative
instrument representing an agreement between two parties to exchange the credit risk of a single specified entity or an index based on the
credit risk of a group of entities (all commonly referred to as the “reference entity” or a portfolio of “reference entities”), in return for a
periodic premium. CDS contracts typically have a five-year term.
The following table presents details of the credit default swap protection sold by type of contract and external agency rating for the
underlying reference security.

                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                       Notional                    average maturity
As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                               amount(1)     Fair value          (in years)(2)
Single name CDS(3) – Corporate debt
   A                                                                                                                                    $ 133             $ 4                      4
   BBB                                                                                                                                     26               –                      1
Total single name CDS                                                                                                                   $ 159             $ 4                      4
Total CDS protection sold                                                                                                               $ 159             $ 4                      4


                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                       Notional                    average maturity
As at December 31, 2021                                                                                                               amount(1)     Fair value          (in years)(2)
Single name CDS(3) – Corporate debt
   A                                                                                                                                    $    16           $ –                      1
   BBB                                                                                                                                       28             1                      2
Total single name CDS                                                                                                                   $    44           $ 1                      2
Total CDS protection sold                                                                                                               $    44           $ 1                      2
(1) Notional amounts represent the maximum future payments the Company would have to pay its CDS counterparties assuming a default of the underlying credit and zero recovery

  on the underlying issuer obligations.
(2) The weighted average maturity of the CDS is weighted based on notional amounts.
(3) Ratings are based on S&P where available followed by Moody’s, DBRS, and Fitch. If no rating is available from a rating agency, an internally developed rating is used.



The Company held no purchased credit protection as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

(d) Derivatives
The Company’s point-in-time exposure to losses related to credit risk of a derivative counterparty is limited to the amount of any net gains
that may have accrued with the particular counterparty. Gross derivative counterparty exposure is measured as the total fair value
(including accrued interest) of all outstanding contracts in a gain position excluding any offsetting contracts in a loss position and the
impact of collateral on hand. The Company limits the risk of credit losses from derivative counterparties by using investment grade
counterparties, entering into master netting arrangements which permit the offsetting of contracts in a loss position in the case of a
counterparty default and entering into Credit Support Annex agreements whereby collateral must be provided when the exposure exceeds
a certain threshold. All contracts are held with or guaranteed by investment grade counterparties, the majority of whom are rated A- or
higher. As at December 31, 2022, the percentage of the Company’s derivative exposure with counterparties rated AA- or higher was 36 per
cent (2021 – 17 per cent). The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated by $2,194 fair value of collateral held as security as at
December 31, 2022 (2021 – $10,121).
As at December 31, 2022, the largest single counterparty exposure, without taking into consideration the impact of master netting
agreements or the benefit of collateral held, was $1,582 (2021 – $2,132). The net exposure to this counterparty, after taking into
consideration master netting agreements and the fair value of collateral held, was $nil (2021 – $nil). As at December 31, 2022, the total
maximum credit exposure related to derivatives across all counterparties, without taking into consideration the impact of master netting
agreements and the benefit of collateral held, was $9,072 (2021 – $18,226).

(e) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Certain derivatives, securities lent and repurchase agreements have conditional offset rights. The Company does not offset these financial
instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, as the rights of offset are conditional.




190 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In the case of derivatives, collateral is collected from and pledged to counterparties and clearing houses to manage credit risk exposure in
accordance with Credit Support Annexes to swap agreements and clearing agreements. Under master netting agreements, the Company
has a right of offset in the event of default, insolvency, bankruptcy or other early termination.
In the case of reverse repurchase and repurchase transactions, additional collateral may be collected from or pledged to counterparties to
manage credit exposure according to bilateral reverse repurchase or repurchase agreements. In the event of default by a reverse purchase
transaction counterparty, the Company is entitled to liquidate the collateral held to offset against the same counterparty’s obligation.
The following table presents the effect of conditional master netting and similar arrangements. Similar arrangements may include global
master repurchase agreements, global master securities lending agreements, and any related rights to financial collateral pledged or
received.

                                                                                                                    Related amounts not set off in the
                                                                                                                       Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                                            Financial Position
                                                                                                                  Amounts subject to          Financial          Net           Net
                                                                                                                      an enforceable          and cash       amount       amounts
                                                                                                                       master netting         collateral   including     excluding
                                                                                            Gross amounts of         arrangement or            pledged     financing     financing
As at December 31, 2022                                                                financial instruments(1)   similar agreements       (received)(2)     entity(3)       entity
Financial assets
Derivative assets                                                                                $  9,072                 $ (7,170)       $    (1,687)      $ 215          $ 215
Securities lending                                                                                    723                        –               (723)          –              –
Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                         895                     (779)              (116)          –              –
Total financial assets                                                                           $ 10,690                 $ (7,949)       $    (2,526)      $ 215          $ 215
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities                                                                           $ (15,151)               $ 7,170         $     7,834       $ (147)        $ (103)
Repurchase agreements                                                                                 (895)                   779                 116            –              –
Total financial liabilities                                                                      $ (16,046)               $ 7,949         $     7,950       $ (147)        $ (103)


                                                                                                                    Related amounts not set off in the
                                                                                                                       Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                                            Financial Position
                                                                                                                  Amounts subject to          Financial          Net           Net
                                                                                                                      an enforceable          and cash       amount       amounts
                                                                                                                       master netting         collateral   including     excluding
                                                                                            Gross amounts of         arrangement or            pledged     financing     financing
As at December 31, 2021                                                                financial instruments(1)   similar agreements       (received)(2)     entity(3)       entity
Financial assets
Derivative assets                                                                                $ 18,226                 $ (8,410)       $  (9,522)        $ 294          $ 294
Securities lending                                                                                    564                        –             (564)            –              –
Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                       1,490                     (183)          (1,307)            –              –
Total financial assets                                                                           $ 20,280                 $ (8,593)       $ (11,393)        $ 294          $ 294
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities                                                                           $ (10,940)               $ 8,410         $     2,250       $ (280)        $ (79)
Repurchase agreements                                                                                 (536)                   183                 353            –             –
Total financial liabilities                                                                      $ (11,476)               $ 8,593         $     2,603       $ (280)        $ (79)
(1) Financial assets and liabilities include accrued interest of $488 and $862, respectively (2021 – $725 and $902, respectively).
(2) Financial and cash collateral exclude over-collateralization. As at December 31, 2022, the Company was over-collateralized on OTC derivative assets, OTC derivative liabilities,

    securities lending and reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in the amounts of $507, $1,528, $63 and $nil, respectively (2021 – $599, $875, $36 and
    $2, respectively). As at December 31, 2022, collateral pledged (received) does not include collateral-in-transit on OTC instruments or initial margin on exchange traded
    contracts or cleared contracts.
(3) Includes derivative contracts entered between the Company and its financing entity which it does not consolidate. The Company does not exchange collateral on derivative

    contracts entered with this entity. Refer to note 18.

The Company also has certain credit linked note assets and variable surplus note liabilities which have unconditional offsetting rights.
Under the netting agreements, the Company has rights of offset including in the event of the Company’s default, insolvency, or bankruptcy.
These financial instruments are offset in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.




                                                                                                                                                                                 191
A credit linked note is a fixed income instrument the term of which, in this case, is linked to a variable surplus note. A surplus note is a
subordinated debt obligation that often qualifies as surplus (the U.S. statutory equivalent of equity) by some U.S. state insurance
regulators. Interest payments on surplus notes are made after all other contractual payments are made. The following table presents the
effect of unconditional netting.

                                                                                                                                Amounts subject to
                                                                                                          Gross amounts of           an enforceable         Net amounts of
As at December 31, 2022                                                                               financial instruments    netting arrangement    financial instruments
Credit linked note(1)                                                                                            $ 1,242              $     (1,242)                    $ –
Variable surplus note                                                                                              (1,242)                   1,242                       –
                                                                                                                                Amounts subject to
                                                                                                          Gross amounts of           an enforceable         Net amounts of
As at December 31, 2021                                                                               financial instruments    netting arrangement    financial instruments
Credit linked note(1)                                                                                            $ 1,054                $ (1,054)                      $ –
Variable surplus note                                                                                              (1,054)                 1,054                         –
(1) As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no fixed surplus notes outstanding, refer to note 19(g).




(f) Risk concentrations
The Company defines enterprise-wide investment portfolio level targets and limits to ensure that portfolios are diversified across asset
classes and individual investment risks. The Company monitors actual investment positions and risk exposures for concentration risk and
reports its findings to the Executive Risk Committee and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.

As at December 31,                                                                                                                                    2022           2021
Debt securities and private placements rated as investment grade BBB or higher(1)                                                                   96%               97%
Government debt securities as a per cent of total debt securities                                                                                   36%               36%
Government private placements as a per cent of total private placements                                                                             10%               11%
Highest exposure to a single non-government debt security and private placement issuer                                                          $ 1,006          $ 1,167
Largest single issuer as a per cent of the total equity portfolio                                                                                     2%               2%
Income producing commercial office properties (2022 – 41% of real estate, 2021 – 47%)                                                           $ 5,486          $ 6,244
Largest concentration of mortgages and real estate(2) – Ontario Canada (2022 – 27%, 2021 – 28%)                                                 $ 18,343         $ 18,253
(1) Investment grade debt securities and private placements include 39% rated A, 17% rated AA and 14% rated AAA (2021 – 39%, 17% and 15%) investments based on external

  ratings where available.
(2) Mortgages and real estate investments are diversified geographically and by property type.




The following table presents debt securities and private placements portfolio by sector and industry.

                                                                                                                        2022                              2021
As at December 31,                                                                                           Carrying value    % of total       Carrying value    % of total
Government and agency                                                                                        $  77,236              31           $  84,244             32
Utilities                                                                                                       46,315              18              48,372             18
Financial                                                                                                       38,808              15              38,905             15
Consumer                                                                                                        31,556              13              32,671             12
Energy                                                                                                          16,314               7              19,637              7
Industrial                                                                                                      23,823               9              24,727              9
Other                                                                                                           16,909               7              18,425              7
Total                                                                                                        $ 250,961             100           $ 266,981            100


(g) Insurance risk
Insurance risk is the risk of loss due to actual experience for mortality and morbidity claims, policyholder behaviour and expenses emerging
differently than assumed when a product was designed and priced. A variety of assumptions are made related to these experience factors,
for reinsurance costs, and for sales levels when products are designed and priced, as well as in the determination of policy liabilities.
Assumptions for future claims are generally based on both Company and industry experience, and assumptions for future policyholder
behaviour and expenses are generally based on Company experience. Such assumptions require significant professional judgment, and
actual experience may be materially different than the assumptions made by the Company. Claims may be impacted unexpectedly by
changes in the prevalence of diseases or illnesses, medical and technology advances, widespread lifestyle changes, natural disasters, large-
scale man-made disasters and acts of terrorism. Policyholder behaviour including premium payment patterns, policy renewals, lapse rates
and withdrawal and surrender activity are influenced by many factors including market and general economic conditions, and the availability
and relative attractiveness of other products in the marketplace. Some reinsurance rates are not guaranteed and may be changed
unexpectedly. Adjustments the Company seeks to make to Non-Guaranteed elements to reflect changing experience factors may be
challenged by regulatory or legal action and the Company may be unable to implement them or may face delays in implementation.


192 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company manages insurance risk through global policies, standards and best practices with respect to product design, pricing,
underwriting and claim adjudication, and a global underwriting manual. Each business unit establishes underwriting policies and
procedures, including criteria for approval of risks and claims adjudication policies and procedures. The current global life retention limit is
US$30 for individual policies (US$35 for survivorship life policies) and is shared across businesses. Lower limits are applied in some
markets and jurisdictions. The Company aims to further reduce exposure to claims concentrations by applying geographical aggregate
retention limits for certain covers. Enterprise-wide, the Company aims to reduce the likelihood of high aggregate claims by operating
globally, insuring a wide range of unrelated risk events, and reinsuring some risk.

(h) Concentration risk
The geographic concentration of the Company’s insurance and investment contract liabilities, including embedded derivatives, is shown
below. The disclosure is based on the countries in which the business is written.

                                                                                                                                             Gross     Reinsurance
As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                                  liabilities        assets   Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada                                                                                                                   $ 251,305            $ (45,898)    $ 205,407
Asia and Other                                                                                                                      123,808               (1,814)      121,994
Total                                                                                                                             $ 375,113            $ (47,712)    $ 327,401


                                                                                                                                             Gross     Reinsurance
As at December 31, 2021                                                                                                                  liabilities        assets   Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada                                                                                                                   $ 271,090            $ (42,806)    $ 228,284
Asia and Other                                                                                                                      124,398               (1,773)      122,625
Total                                                                                                                             $ 395,488            $ (44,579)    $ 350,909


(i) Reinsurance risk
In the normal course of business, the Company limits the amount of loss on any one policy by reinsuring certain levels of risk with other
insurers. In addition, the Company accepts reinsurance from other reinsurers. Reinsurance ceded does not discharge the Company’s
liability as the primary insurer. Failure of reinsurers to honour their obligations could result in losses to the Company; consequently,
allowances are established for amounts deemed uncollectible. To minimize losses from reinsurer insolvency, the Company monitors the
concentration of credit risk both geographically and with any one reinsurer. In addition, the Company selects reinsurers with high credit
ratings.
As at December 31, 2022, the Company had $47,712 (2021 – $44,579) of reinsurance assets. Of this, 91 per cent (2021 – 94 per cent)
were ceded to reinsurers with Standard and Poor’s ratings of A- or above. The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated by $25,247
fair value of collateral held as security as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $25,466). Net exposure after considering offsetting agreements
and the benefit of the fair value of collateral held was $22,465 as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $19,113).


Note 10             Long-Term Debt
(a) Carrying value of long-term debt instruments

As at December 31,                           Issue date                               Maturity date                          Par value                    2022              2021
3.050% Senior notes(1),(2)                   August 27, 2020                          August 27, 2060                        US$ 1,155                 $ 1,559         $ 1,455
5.375% Senior notes(1),(3)                   March 4, 2016                            March 4, 2046                          US$ 750                     1,004             939
3.703% Senior notes(1),(4)                   March 16, 2022                           March 16, 2032                         US$ 750                     1,011               –
2.396% Senior notes(1),(5)                   June 1, 2020                             June 1, 2027                           US$ 200                       270             253
2.484% Senior notes(1),(5)                   May 19, 2020                             May 19, 2027                           US$ 500                       674             630
3.527% Senior notes(1),(3)                   December 2, 2016                         December 2, 2026                       US$ 270                       365             342
4.150% Senior notes(1),(3)                   March 4, 2016                            March 4, 2026                          US$ 1,000                   1,351           1,263
Total                                                                                                                                                  $ 6,234         $ 4,882
(1) These U.S. dollar senior notes have been designated as hedges of the Company’s net investment in its U.S. operations which reduces the earnings volatility that would otherwise

  arise from the re-measurement of these senior notes into Canadian dollars.
(2) MFC may redeem the notes in whole, but not in part, on August 27, 2025, and thereafter on every August 27 at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and

  unpaid interest. Issue costs are amortized to the earliest par redemption date.
(3) MFC may redeem the senior notes in whole or in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding

    U.S. Treasury bond, from redemption date to the respective maturity date, plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 5.375% -
    40 bps, 3.527% - 20 bps, and 4.150% - 35 bps. Issue costs are amortized over the term of the debt.
(4) Issued by MFC during the first quarter, interest is payable semi-annually. The Company may redeem the senior notes in whole or in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal

    to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding U.S. Treasury bond, from redemption date to December 16, 2031, plus 25 bps, together with accrued
    and unpaid interest. Issue costs are amortized over the term of the debt.
(5) MFC may redeem the senior notes in whole or in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding U.S.

    Treasury bond, from redemption date to two months before the respective maturity date, plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as
    follows: 2.396% - 30 bps, and 2.484% - 30 bps. Issuance costs are amortized over the term of the debt.


                                                                                                                                                                                 193
The cash amount of interest paid on long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2022 was $204 (2021 – $210).

(b) Fair value measurement
Fair value of long-term debt instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:
Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available.
Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt instruments
or estimated using discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.
The Company measures long-term debt at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As at December 31, 2022,
the fair value of long-term debt was $5,587 (2021 – $5,439). Fair value of long-term debt was determined using Level 2 valuation
techniques (2021 – Level 2).

(c) Aggregate maturities of long-term debt

                                                                                                               Less than         1 to 3        3 to 5        Over 5
As at December 31                                                                                                 1 year         years         years          years          Total
2022                                                                                                            $       –    $       –     $ 2,661       $ 3,573        $ 6,234
2021                                                                                                                    –            –       1,605         3,277          4,882


Note 11             Capital Instruments
(a) Carrying value of capital instruments

                                                                                  Earliest par
As at December 31,                                     Issuance date              redemption date            Maturity date                Par value          2022            2021
JHFC Subordinated notes(1),(2)                         December 14, 2006          n/a                        December 15, 2036            $    650 $ 647                $   647
2.818% MFC Subordinated debentures(1),(3)              May 12, 2020               May 13, 2030               May 13, 2035                 $  1,000     996                  995
4.061% MFC Subordinated notes(1),(4),(5)               February 24, 2017          February 24, 2027          February 24, 2032            US$ 750    1,013                  947
2.237% MFC Subordinated debentures(1),(6)              May 12, 2020               May 12, 2025               May 12, 2030                 $  1,000     998                  997
3.00% MFC Subordinated notes(1),(7)                    November 21, 2017          November 21, 2024          November 21, 2029            S$   500     504                  469
3.049% MFC Subordinated debentures(1),(8)              August 18, 2017            August 20, 2024            August 20, 2029              $    750     749                  748
3.317% MFC Subordinated debentures(1),(8)              May 9, 2018                May 9, 2023                May 9, 2028                  $    600     600                  599
3.181% MLI Subordinated debentures(9)                  November 20, 2015          November 22, 2022          November 22, 2027            $  1,000       –                  999
7.375% JHUSA Surplus notes(10)                         February 25, 1994          n/a                        February 15, 2024            US$ 450      615                  579
Total                                                                                                                                              $ 6,122              $ 6,980
(1)  The Company is monitoring regulatory and market developments globally with respect to the interest rate benchmark reform. As reference interest rates for these capital
     instruments could potentially be discontinued in the future, the Company will take appropriate actions in due course to accomplish the necessary transitions or replacements.
     As at December 31, 2022, capital instruments of $647 (2021 – $647) have interest rate referencing CDOR. In addition, capital instruments of $3,343, $1,013, and $504
     (2021 – $4,338, $947, and $469, respectively) have interest rate reset in the future referencing CDOR, the USD Mid-Swap rate, and the SGD swap rate, respectively.
(2) Issued by Manulife Holdings (Delaware) LLC (“MHDLL”), now John Hancock Financial Corporation (“JHFC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC, to Manulife Finance (Delaware)

     LLC (“MFLLC”), a subsidiary of Manulife Finance (Delaware) L.P. (“MFLP”). MFLP and its subsidiaries are wholly owned unconsolidated related parties of the Company. The
     notes bear interest at a floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus 0.72%. With regulatory approval, JHFC may redeem the note, in whole or in part, at any
     time, at par, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Refer to note 18.
(3) Issued by MFC, interest is payable semi-annually. After May 13, 2030, the interest rate will reset to equal 3-month CDOR plus 1.82%. With regulatory approval, MFC may

     redeem the debentures, in whole, or in part, on or after May 13, 2025, at a redemption price together with accrued and unpaid interest. If the redemption date is on or after
     May 13, 2025, but prior to May 13, 2030, the redemption price shall be the greater of: (i) the Canada yield price as defined in the prospectus; and (ii) par. If the redemption
     date is on or after May 13, 2030, the redemption price shall be equal to par.
(4) On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year US Dollar Mid-Swap Rate plus 1.647%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the

     debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(5) Designated as a hedge of the Company’s net investment in its U.S. operations which reduces the earnings volatility that would otherwise arise from the re-measurement of the

     subordinated notes into Canadian dollars.
(6) Issued by MFC, interest is payable semi-annually. After May 12, 2025, the interest rate will reset to equal 3-month CDOR plus 1.49%. With regulatory approval, MFC may

     redeem the debentures, in whole, or in part, on or after May 12, 2025, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(7) On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year Singapore Dollar Swap Rate plus 0.832%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the

     debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the earliest par redemption date and thereafter on each interest payment date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with
     accrued and unpaid interest.
(8) Interest is fixed for the period up to the earliest par redemption date, thereafter, the interest rate will reset to a floating rate equal to the 3-month CDOR plus a specified

     number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.049% - 105 bps, 3.317% - 78 bps. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in
     whole or in part, on or after the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(9) MLI redeemed in full the 3.181% MLI subordinated debentures at par, on November 22, 2022, the earliest par redemption date.
(10) Issued by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, now John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). Any payment of interest or principal on the surplus notes

     requires prior approval from the Department of Insurance and Financial Services of the State of Michigan. The carrying value of the surplus notes reflects an unamortized fair
     value increment of US$5 (2021 – US$9), which arose as a result of the acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. The amortization of the fair value adjustment is
     recorded in interest expense.




194 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(b) Fair value measurement
Fair value of capital instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:
Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available.
Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt instruments
or estimated using discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.
The Company measures capital instruments at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As at December 31,
2022, the fair value of capital instruments was $5,737 (2021 – $7,213). Fair value of capital instruments was determined using Level 2
valuation techniques (2021 – Level 2).


Note 12             Equity Capital and Earnings Per Share
The authorized capital of MFC consists of:
• an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value; and
• an unlimited number of Class A, Class B and Class 1 preferred shares without nominal or par value, issuable in series.

(a) Preferred shares and other equity instruments
The following table presents information about the outstanding preferred shares and other equity instruments as at December 31, 2022
and 2021.

                                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                                                                 Net amount(4)
                                                                      Annual dividend/              Earliest redemption            shares         Face
As at December 31, 2022                               Issue date     distribution rate(1)                       date(2),(3)   (in millions)       amount        2022           2021
Preferred shares
 Class A preferred shares
   Series 2                          February 18, 2005                          4.65%                                 n/a              14     $     350    $     344      $      344
   Series 3                            January 3, 2006                          4.50%                                 n/a              12           300          294             294
 Class 1 preferred shares
   Series 3(5),(6)                     March 11, 2011                         2.348%                June 19, 2026                       7           163          160             160
   Series 4(7)                           June 20, 2016                        floating              June 19, 2026                       1            37           36              36
   Series 7(8)                       February 22, 2012                        4.312%               March 19, 2022                      10           250            –             244
   Series 9(5),(6),(9)                    May 24, 2012                        5.978%           September 19, 2027                      10           250          244             244
   Series 11(5),(6)                  December 4, 2012                         4.731%               March 19, 2023                       8           200          196             196
   Series 13(5),(6)                      June 21, 2013                        4.414%           September 19, 2023                       8           200          196             196
   Series 15(5),(6)                  February 25, 2014                        3.786%                June 19, 2024                       8           200          195             195
   Series 17(5),(6)                    August 15, 2014                         3.80%            December 19, 2024                      14           350          343             343
   Series 19(5),(6)                  December 3, 2014                         3.675%               March 19, 2025                      10           250          246             246
   Series 23(8)                     November 22, 2016                          4.85%               March 19, 2022                      19           475            –             467
   Series 25(5),(6)                  February 20, 2018                         4.70%                June 19, 2023                      10           250          245             245
Other equity instruments
 Limited recourse capital notes(10)
   Series 1(11)                      February 19, 2021                        3.375%                  May 19, 2026                    n/a       2,000        1,982          1,982
   Series 2(11)                     November 12, 2021                         4.100%             February 19, 2027                    n/a       1,200        1,189          1,189
   Series 3(11)                          June 16, 2022                        7.117%                 June 19, 2027                    n/a       1,000          990              –
Total                                                                                                                                131      $ 7,475      $ 6,660        $ 6,381
(1) Holders of Class A and Class 1 preferred shares are entitled to receive non-cumulative preferential cash dividends on a quarterly basis, as and when declared by the Board of
    Directors. Non-deferrable distributions are payable to all LRCN holders semi-annually at the Company’s discretion.
(2) Redemption of all preferred shares is subject to regulatory approval. MFC may redeem each series, in whole or in part, at par, on the earliest redemption date or every five

    years thereafter, except for Class A Series 2, Class A Series 3 and Class 1 Series 4 preferred shares. Class A Series 2 and Series 3 preferred shares are past their respective
    earliest redemption date and MFC may redeem these preferred shares, in whole or in part, at par at any time, subject to regulatory approval, as noted. MFC may redeem the
    Class 1 Series 4 preferred shares, in whole or in part, at any time, at $25.00 per share if redeemed on June 19, 2026 (the earliest redemption date) and on June 19 every five
    years thereafter, or at $25.50 per share if redeemed on any other date after June 19, 2021, subject to regulatory approval, as noted.
(3) Redemption of all LRCN series notes is subject to regulatory approval. MFC may at its option redeem each series in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to par,

    together with accrued and unpaid interest. The redemption period for Series 1 is every five years during the period from May 19 to and including June 19, commencing in
    2026. The redemption period for Series 2 is every five years during the period from February 19 to and including March 19, commencing in 2027. After the first redemption
    date, the redemption period for Series 3 is every five years during the period from May 19 to and including June 19, commencing in 2032.
(4) Net of after-tax issuance costs.
(5) On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, the annual dividend rate will be reset to the five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus a yield specified for

    each series. The specified yield for Class 1 preferred shares is: Series 3 – 1.41%, Series 9 – 2.86%, Series 11 – 2.61%, Series 13 – 2.22%, Series 15 – 2.16%, Series 17 –
    2.36%, Series 19 – 2.30% and Series 25 – 2.55%.
(6) On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, Class 1 preferred shares are convertible at the option of the holder into a new series that is one number higher

    than their existing series, and the holders are entitled to non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, payable quarterly if and when declared by the Board of Directors, at a rate
    equal to the three-month Government of Canada Treasury bill yield plus the rate specified in footnote 5 above.



                                                                                                                                                                                   195
(7)  The floating dividend rate for the Class 1 Series 4 preferred shares equals the three-month Government of Canada Treasury bill yield plus 1.41%.
(8)  MFC redeemed in full the Class 1 Series 7 and Class 1 Series 23 preferred shares at par, on March 19, 2022, which is the earliest redemption date.
(9) MFC did not exercise its right to redeem all or any of the outstanding Class 1 Series 9 preferred shares on September 19, 2022, which is the earliest redemption date. The

     dividend rate was reset as specified in footnote 5 above to an annual fixed rate of 5.978%, for a five-year period commencing on September 20, 2022.
(10) Non-payment of distributions or principal on any LRCN series notes when due will result in a recourse event. The recourse of each noteholder will be limited to their

     proportionate amount of the Limited Resource Trust’s assets which comprise of Class 1 Series 27 preferred shares for LRCN Series 1 notes, Class 1 Series 28 preferred
     shares for LRCN Series 2 notes, and Class 1 Series 29 preferred shares for LRCN Series 3 notes. All claims of the holders of LRCN series notes against MFC will be
     extinguished upon receipt of the corresponding trust assets. The Class 1 Series 27, Class 1 Series 28, and Class 1 Series 29 preferred shares are eliminated on consolidation
     while being held in the Limited Recourse Trust.
(11) The LRCN Series 1 distribute at a fixed rate of 3.375% payable semi-annually, until June 18, 2026; on June 19, 2026 and every five years thereafter until June 19, 2076, the

     rate will be reset at a rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield as defined in the prospectus, plus 2.839%. The LRCN Series 2 distribute at a fixed rate of 4.10%
     payable semi-annually, until March 18, 2027; on March 19, 2027 and every five years thereafter until March 19, 2077, the rate will be reset at a rate equal to the five-year
     Government of Canada yield as defined in the prospectus, plus 2.704%. The LRCN Series 3 distribute at a fixed rate of 7.117% payable semi-annually, until June 18, 2027; on
     June 19, 2027 and every five years thereafter until June 19, 2077, the rate will be reset at a rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada yield as defined in the
     prospectus, plus 3.95%.


(b) Common shares
The following table presents changes in common shares issued and outstanding.

                                                                                                                              2022                                2021
                                                                                                                   Number of                           Number of
                                                                                                                       shares                              shares
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                  (in millions)       Amount          (in millions)       Amount
Balance, January 1                                                                                                    1,943       $ 23,093                1,940        $ 23,042
Repurchased for cancellation                                                                                            (79)          (938)                   –               –
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                                              1             23                    3              51
Total                                                                                                                 1,865       $ 22,178                1,943        $ 23,093


Normal Course Issuer Bid
On February 1, 2022, the Company announced that the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) approved a normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”)
permitting the purchase for cancellation of up to 97 million common shares. Under this NCIB which commenced on February 3, 2022, and
expired on February 2, 2023, MFC purchased for cancellation 85.8 million of its common shares at an average price of $23.99 per share
for a total cost of $2,060, which represent 4.4% of its issued and outstanding common shares.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased and subsequently cancelled 78.9 million shares for $1,884. Of this,
$938 was recorded in common shares and $946 was recorded in retained earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.

On February 15, 2023, the Company announced, subject to the approval of the TSX, its intention to launch an NCIB permitting the
purchase for cancellation of up to 55.7 million common shares, representing approximately 3% of its issued and outstanding common
shares. Purchases under the NCIB may commence after the TSX has accepted the notice of intention and continue for up to one year, or
such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases.

(c) Earnings per share
The following table presents basic and diluted earnings per common share of the Company.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                                2022        2021
Basic earnings per common share                                                                                                                             $ 3.68       $ 3.55
Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                                                             3.68         3.54


The following is a reconciliation of the number of shares in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                               2022         2021
Weighted average number of common shares (in millions)                                                                                                        1,910       1,942
Dilutive stock-based awards(1) (in millions)                                                                                                                      3           4
Weighted average number of diluted common shares (in millions)                                                                                                1,913       1,946
(1) The dilutive effect of stock-based awards was calculated using the treasury stock method. This method calculates the number of incremental shares by assuming the

      outstanding stock-based awards are (i) exercised and (ii) then reduced by the number of shares assumed to be repurchased from the issuance proceeds, using the average
      market price of MFC common shares for the year. Excluded from the calculation was a weighted average of 9 million (2021 – nil million) anti-dilutive stock-based awards.




196 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(d) Quarterly dividend declaration subsequent to year end
On February 15, 2023, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.365 per share on the common shares of
MFC, payable on or after March 20, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2023.
The Board also declared dividends on the following non-cumulative preferred shares, payable on or after March 19, 2023 to shareholders
of record at the close of business on February 28, 2023.

Class A Shares Series 2 – $0.29063 per share                          Class 1 Shares Series 13 – $0.275875 per share
Class A Shares Series 3 – $0.28125 per share                          Class 1 Shares Series 15 – $0.236625 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 3 – $0.14675 per share                          Class 1 Shares Series 17 – $0.2375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 4 – $0.34089 per share                          Class 1 Shares Series 19 – $0.229688 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 9 – $0.373625 per share                         Class 1 Shares Series 25 – $0.29375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 11 – $0.295688 per share


Note 13          Capital Management
(a) Capital management
The Company monitors and manages its consolidated capital in compliance with the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (“LICAT”)
guideline, the capital framework issued by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (“OSFI”). Under the capital framework,
the Company’s consolidated capital resources, including available capital, surplus allowance, and eligible deposits, are measured against
the base solvency buffer, which is the risk-based capital requirement determined in accordance with the guideline.
The Company’s operating activities are primarily conducted within MLI and its subsidiaries. MLI is also regulated by OSFI and is therefore
subject to consolidated risk-based capital requirements using the OSFI LICAT framework.
The Company seeks to manage its capital with the objectives of:
• Operating with sufficient capital to be able to honour all commitments to its policyholders and creditors with a high degree of
  confidence;
• Retaining the ongoing confidence of regulators, policyholders, rating agencies, investors and other creditors in order to ensure access
  to capital markets; and
• Optimizing return on capital to meet shareholders’ expectations subject to constraints and considerations of adequate levels of capital
  established to meet the first two objectives.
Capital is managed and monitored in accordance with the Capital Management Policy. The policy is reviewed and approved by the Board of
Directors annually and is integrated with the Company’s risk and financial management frameworks. It establishes guidelines regarding the
quantity and quality of capital, internal capital mobility, and proactive management of ongoing and future capital requirements.
The capital management framework considers the requirements of the Company as a whole as well as the needs of each of the Company’s
subsidiaries. Internal capital targets are set above the regulatory requirements, and consider a number of factors, including expectations
of regulators and rating agencies, results of sensitivity and stress testing and the Company’s own risk assessments. The Company
monitors against these internal targets and initiates actions appropriate to achieving its business objectives.
Consolidated capital, based on accounting standards, is presented in the table below for MFC. For regulatory reporting purposes, under
the LICAT framework, the numbers are further adjusted for various additions or deductions to capital as mandated by the guidelines used
by OSFI.

Consolidated capital

As at December 31,                                                                                                         2022        2021
Total equity                                                                                                           $ 56,379   $ 58,869
Exclude AOCI gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges                                                                                  8       (156)
Total equity excluding AOCI on cash flow hedges                                                                          56,371     59,025
Qualifying capital instruments                                                                                            6,122      6,980
Consolidated capital                                                                                                   $ 62,493   $ 66,005


(b) Restrictions on dividends and capital distributions
Dividends and capital distributions are restricted under the Insurance Companies Act (“ICA”). These restrictions apply to both MFC and its
primary operating subsidiary MLI. The ICA prohibits the declaration or payment of any dividend on shares of an insurance company if there
are reasonable grounds for believing a company does not have adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity or the
declaration or the payment of the dividend would cause the company to be in contravention of any regulation made under the ICA
respecting the maintenance of adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, or of any direction made to the company


                                                                                                                                          197
by OSFI. The ICA also requires an insurance company to notify OSFI of the declaration of a dividend at least 15 days prior to the date fixed
for its payment. Similarly, the ICA prohibits the purchase for cancellation of any shares issued by an insurance company or the redemption
of any redeemable shares or other similar capital transactions, if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the company does not
have adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity or the payment would cause the company to be in contravention of
any regulation made under the ICA respecting the maintenance of adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, or any
direction made to the company by OSFI. These latter transactions would require the prior approval of OSFI.
The ICA requires Canadian insurance companies to maintain adequate levels of capital at all times.
Since MFC is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through regulated insurance subsidiaries (or companies owned directly
or indirectly by these subsidiaries), its ability to pay future dividends will depend on the receipt of sufficient funds from its regulated
insurance subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are also subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in Canada, the United States and
certain other countries that may limit their ability to pay dividends or make other upstream distributions.


Note 14           Revenue from Service Contracts
The Company provides investment management services, transaction processing and administrative services and distribution and related
services to proprietary and third-party investment funds, retirement plans, group benefit plans, institutional investors and other
arrangements. The Company also provides real estate management services to tenants of the Company’s investment properties.
The Company’s service contracts generally impose single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of similar related services
for each customer.
The Company’s performance obligations within service arrangements are generally satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefits of the services rendered, measured using an output method. Fees typically include variable
consideration and the related revenue is recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved.
Asset based fees vary with asset values of accounts under management, subject to market conditions and investor behaviors beyond the
Company’s control. Transaction processing and administrative fees vary with activity volume, also beyond the Company’s control. Some
fees, including distribution fees, are based on account balances and transaction volumes. Fees related to account balances and
transaction volumes are measured daily. Real estate management service fees include fixed portions plus recovery of variable costs of
services rendered to tenants. Fees related to services provided are generally recognized as services are rendered, which is when it
becomes highly probable that no significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will occur. The Company has determined that its
service contracts have no significant financing components because fees are collected monthly. The Company has no significant contract
assets or contract liabilities.
The following tables present revenue from service contracts by service lines and reporting segments as disclosed in note 20.

                                                                                                               Global   Corporate
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                          Asia       Canada       U.S.      WAM     and Other        Total
Investment management and other related fees                             $   234     $   242      $   445    $ 3,079     $ (250)    $   3,750
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees                     292         866           13      2,416         (8)        3,579
Distribution fees and other                                                  143          43           76        868        (44)        1,086
Total included in other revenue                                              669       1,151          534      6,363       (302)        8,415
Revenue from non-service lines                                               789         275          (76)       (13)      (226)          749
Total other revenue                                                      $ 1,458     $ 1,426      $   458    $ 6,350     $ (528)    $   9,164
Real estate management services included in net investment income        $    35     $ 136        $   126    $     –     $    8     $     305


                                                                                                               Global   Corporate
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                          Asia       Canada       U.S.      WAM     and Other        Total
Investment management and other related fees                             $   217     $   230      $   499    $ 3,198     $ (247)    $  3,897
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees                     287         918           12      2,517        (11)       3,723
Distribution fees and other                                                  251          20           65        799        (54)       1,081
Total included in other revenue                                              755       1,168          576      6,514       (312)       8,701
Revenue from non-service lines                                               941         168        1,248         (1)        75        2,431
Total other revenue                                                      $ 1,696     $ 1,336      $ 1,824    $ 6,513     $ (237)    $ 11,132
Real estate management services included in net investment income        $    37     $ 126        $ 128      $     –     $    7     $    298




198 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 15          Stock-Based Compensation
(a) Stock options
The Company grants stock options under its Executive Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”) to selected individuals. The options provide the holder
the right to purchase MFC common shares at an exercise price equal to the higher of the prior day, prior five-day or prior ten-day average
closing market price of the shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange on the date the options are granted. The options vest over a period not
exceeding four years and expire not more than 10 years from the grant date. Effective with the 2015 grant, options may only be exercised
after the fifth-year anniversary. A total of 73,600,000 common shares have been reserved for issuance under the ESOP.

Options outstanding

                                                                                                             2022                                     2021
                                                                                              Number of            Weighted            Number of             Weighted
                                                                                                  options            average               options             average
For the years ended December 31,                                                             (in millions)     exercise price         (in millions)      exercise price
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                  21          $ 22.09                      24          $ 21.74
Granted                                                                                                  –                –                       –                –
Exercised                                                                                               (1)           16.15                      (3)           18.34
Expired                                                                                                  –            24.63                       –            24.73
Forfeited                                                                                                –            23.96                       –            23.96
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                20          $ 22.42                      21          $ 22.09
Exercisable, December 31                                                                                10          $ 20.91                       8          $ 18.94


                                                                  Options outstanding                                           Options exercisable
                                                                                   Weighted average                                                   Weighted average
                                                   Number of          Weighted            remaining             Number of           Weighted                 remaining
                                                       options          average      contractual life               options           average           contractual life
For the year ended December 31, 2022              (in millions)   exercise price           (in years)          (in millions)    exercise price                (in years)
$12.64—$20.99                                               4        $ 17.42                   2.91                      4         $ 17.42                        2.91
$21.00—$24.83                                              16        $ 23.58                   4.94                      6         $ 23.08                        2.95
Total                                                      20        $ 22.42                   4.56                     10         $ 20.91                        2.93

No stock options were granted in 2022 or 2021.
Compensation expense related to stock options was $5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $9).

(b) Deferred share units
In 2000, the Company granted deferred share units (“DSUs”) on a one-time basis to certain employees under the ESOP. These DSUs vest
over a three-year period and each DSU entitles the holder to receive one common share on retirement or termination of employment. When
dividends are paid on common shares, holders of DSUs are deemed to receive dividends at the same rate, payable in the form of additional
DSUs. The number of these DSUs outstanding was 166,000 as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 188,000).
In addition, for certain employees and pursuant to the Company’s deferred compensation program, the Company grants DSUs under the
Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) Plan which entitle the holder to receive payment in cash equal to the value of the same number of common
shares plus credited dividends on retirement or termination of employment. In 2022, the Company granted 30,000 DSUs to certain
employees which vest after 36 months (2021 – 34,000). In 2022, 106,000 DSUs (2021 – 26,000) were granted to certain employees who
elected to defer receipt of all or part of their annual bonus. These DSUs vested immediately.
Under the Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, each eligible director may elect to receive his or her annual director’s retainer and fees
in DSUs (which vest immediately) or common shares in lieu of cash. In 2022, 116,000 DSUs (2021 – 101,000) were issued under this
arrangement. Upon termination of the Board service, an eligible director who has elected to receive DSUs will be entitled to receive cash
equal to the value of the DSUs accumulated in his or her account, or at his or her direction, an equivalent number of common shares. The
Company is allowed to issue up to one million common shares under this plan after which awards may be settled using shares purchased in
the open market.




                                                                                                                                                                      199
The fair value of 252,000 DSUs issued during the year was $24.15 per unit as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 161,000 at $24.11 per unit).
For the years ended December 31,
Number of DSUs (in thousands)                                                                                                 2022      2021
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                       2,079    2,169
Issued                                                                                                                         252      161
Reinvested                                                                                                                     126      100
Redeemed                                                                                                                       (75)    (345)
Forfeitures and cancellations                                                                                                   (9)      (6)
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                                     2,373    2,079

Of the DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2022, 166,000 (2021 – 188,000) entitle the holder to receive common shares, 977,000
(2021 – 840,000) entitle the holder to receive payment in cash and 1,230,000 (2021 – 1,051,000) entitle the holder to receive payment in
cash or common shares, at the option of the holder.
Compensation expense related to DSUs was $7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $6).
The carrying and fair value of the DSUs liability as at December 31, 2022 was $53 (2021 – $46) and was included in other liabilities.

(c) Restricted share units and performance share units
For the year ended December 31, 2022, 8.6 million RSUs (2021 – 6.8 million) and 1.7 million PSUs (2021 – 1.5 million) were granted to
certain eligible employees under MFC’s Restricted Share Unit Plan. The fair value of the RSUs and PSUs granted during the year was
$24.15 per unit as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $24.11 per unit). Each RSU and PSU entitles the holder to receive payment equal to the
market value of one common share, plus credited dividends, at the time of vesting, subject to any performance conditions.
RSUs and PSUs granted in March 2022 will vest after 36 months from their grant date and the related compensation expense is
recognized over this period, unless the employee is eligible to retire at the time of grant or will be eligible to retire during the vesting
period, in which case the cost is recognized at the grant date or over the period between the grant date and the date on which the
employee is eligible to retire, respectively. Compensation expense related to RSUs and PSUs was $158 and $23, respectively, for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – $135 and $31, respectively).
The carrying and fair value of the RSUs and PSUs liability as at December 31, 2022 was $388 (2021 – $362) and was included in other
liabilities.

(d) Global share ownership plan
The Company’s Global Share Ownership Plan allows qualifying employees to apply up to five per cent of their annual base earnings toward
the purchase of common shares. The Company matches a percentage of the employee’s eligible contributions up to a maximum amount.
The Company’s contributions vest immediately. All contributions are used to purchase common shares in the open market on behalf of
participating employees.


Note 16           Employee Future Benefits
The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and
agents including registered (tax-qualified) pension plans that are typically funded, as well as supplemental non-registered (non-qualified)
pension plans for executives, retiree welfare plans and disability welfare plans that are typically not funded.

(a) Plan characteristics
The Company’s final average pay defined benefit pension plans and retiree welfare plans are closed to new members. All employees may
participate in capital accumulation plans including defined benefit cash balance plans, 401(k) plans and/or defined contribution plans,
depending on the country of employment.
All pension arrangements are governed by local pension committees or management, but significant plan changes require approval from
the Company’s Board of Directors.
The Company’s funding policy for defined benefit pension plans is to make the minimum annual contributions required by regulations in the
countries in which the plans are offered. Assumptions and methods prescribed for regulatory funding purposes typically differ from those
used for accounting purposes.
The Company’s remaining defined benefit pension and/or retiree welfare plans are in the U.S., Canada, Japan and Taiwan (China). There
are also disability welfare plans in the U.S. and Canada.
The largest defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans are the primary plans for employees in the U.S. and Canada. These are the
material plans that are discussed in the balance of this note. The Company measures its defined benefit obligations and fair value of plan
assets for accounting purposes as at December 31 each year.


200 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans
The Company operates a qualified cash balance plan that is open to new members, a closed non-qualified cash balance plan, and a closed
retiree welfare plan.
Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the qualified cash balance plan are required annually.
Deficits revealed in the funding valuations must generally be funded over a period of up to seven years. It is expected that there will be no
required funding for this plan in 2023. There are no plan assets set aside for the non-qualified cash balance plan.
The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance and medical benefits. The majority of those who retired after 1991 receive a
fixed-dollar subsidy from the Company based on service. The plan was closed to all employees hired after 2004. While assets have been
set aside in a qualified trust to pay future retiree welfare benefits, this funding is optional. Retiree welfare benefits offered under the plan
coordinate with the U.S. Medicare program to make optimal use of available federal financial support.
The qualified pension and retiree welfare plans are governed by the U.S. Benefits Committee, while the non-qualified pension plan is
governed by the U.S. Non-Qualified Plans Subcommittee.

Canadian defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans
The Company’s defined benefit plans in Canada include two registered final average pay pension plans, a non-registered supplemental final
average pay pension plan and a retiree welfare plan, all of which have been closed to new members.
Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the registered pension plans are required at least
once every three years. Deficits revealed in the funding valuation must generally be funded over a period of ten years. For 2023, the
required funding for these plans is expected to be $3. The non-registered supplemental pension plan is not funded.
The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance, medical and dental benefits. These subsidies are a fixed-dollar amount for
those who retired after April 30, 2013 and have been eliminated for those who retire after 2019. There are no assets set aside for this plan.
The registered pension plans are governed by Pension Committees, while the supplemental non-registered plan is governed by the Board
of Directors. The retiree welfare plan is governed by management.

(b) Risks
In final average pay pension plans and retiree welfare plans, the Company generally bears the material risks which include interest rate,
investment, longevity and health care cost inflation risks. In defined contribution plans, these risks are typically borne by the employee. In
cash balance plans, the interest rate, investment and longevity risks are partially transferred to the employee.
Material sources of risk to the Company for all plans include:
• A decline in discount rates that increases the defined benefit obligations by more than the change in value of plan assets;
• Lower than expected rates of mortality; and
• For retiree welfare plans, higher than expected health care costs.
The Company has managed these risks through plan design and eligibility changes that have limited the size and growth of the defined
benefit obligations. Investment risks for funded plans are managed by investing significantly in asset classes which are highly correlated
with the plans’ liabilities.
In the U.S., delegated committee representatives and management review the financial status of the qualified defined benefit pension plan
at least monthly, and steps are taken in accordance with an established dynamic investment policy to increase the plan’s allocation to
asset classes which are highly correlated with the plan’s liabilities and reduce investment risk as the funded status improves. As at
December 31, 2022, the target asset allocation for the plan was 30% return-seeking assets and 70% liability-hedging assets (2021 - 30%
and 70%).
In Canada, internal committees and management review the financial status of the registered defined benefit pension plans on at least a
quarterly basis. As at December 31, 2022, the target asset allocation for the plans was 20% return-seeking assets and 80% liability-
hedging assets (2021 - 20% and 80%).
Certain long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic (on future mortality and inflation, for example) are still unknown. The Company will
continue to closely monitor experience related to COVID-19, as well as emerging research, and will adjust its long-term assumptions
accordingly in the future.




                                                                                                                                               201
(c) Pension and retiree welfare plans

The following tables present the reconciliation of defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the pension plans and retiree
welfare plans.

                                                                                                                                  Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                 2022            2021             2022           2021
Changes in defined benefit obligation:
Opening balance                                                                                                              $ 4,560         $ 4,901          $ 584          $ 638
Current service cost                                                                                                              43              44              –              –
Past service cost - amendment                                                                                                     (6)              –              –              –
Interest cost                                                                                                                    127             115             16             15
Plan participants’ contributions                                                                                                   –               –              3              3
Actuarial losses (gains) due to:
    Experience                                                                                                                     5               3            (13)             –
    Demographic assumption changes                                                                                                 –               7              –              1
    Economic assumption changes                                                                                                 (835)           (194)          (112)           (29)
Benefits paid                                                                                                                   (299)           (303)           (40)           (42)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                      199             (13)            28             (2)
Defined benefit obligation, December 31                                                                                      $ 3,794         $ 4,560          $ 466          $ 584

                                                                                                                                  Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                 2022            2021             2022           2021
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, opening balance                                                                                   $ 4,510         $ 4,595          $ 587          $ 606
Interest income                                                                                                                  127             109             16             14
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)                                                                               (869)             70            (91)            (1)
Employer contributions                                                                                                            59              61             11             11
Plan participants’ contributions                                                                                                   –               –              3              3
Benefits paid                                                                                                                   (299)           (303)           (40)           (42)
Administration costs                                                                                                             (11)             (9)            (2)            (2)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                      205             (13)            39             (2)
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                                                                       $ 3,722         $ 4,510          $ 523          $ 587


(d) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
The following table presents the deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability (asset) for the pension plans and retiree welfare plans.

                                                                                                                                 Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,                                                                                                              2022           2021             2022             2021
Development of net defined benefit liability
Defined benefit obligation                                                                                                  $ 3,794        $ 4,560            $ 466          $ 584
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                     3,722          4,510              523            587
Deficit (surplus)                                                                                                                72             50              (57)            (3)
Effect of asset limit(1)                                                                                                         48             37                –              –
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability (asset)                                                                     120             87              (57)            (3)
Deficit is comprised of:
Funded or partially funded plans                                                                                                (441)          (600)           (168)           (154)
Unfunded plans                                                                                                                   561            687             111             151
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability (asset)                                                                 $    120       $     87           $ (57)         $   (3)
(1) The asset limit relates to a registered pension plan in Canada. The surplus in that plan is above the present value of economic benefits that can be derived by the Company

  through reductions in future contributions. For the other funded pension plans, the present value of the economic benefits available in the form of reductions in future
  contributions to the plans remains greater than the current surplus.


(e) Disaggregation of defined benefit obligation
The following table presents components of the defined benefit obligation between active members and inactive and retired members.

                                                                                          U.S. plans                                              Canadian plans
                                                                            Pension plans           Retiree welfare plans              Pension plans          Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,                                                         2022           2021          2022        2021              2022           2021         2022           2021
Active members                                                         $   509       $   537        $  11       $  17            $   125         $   184      $   –          $   –
Inactive and retired members                                             2,006         2,371          344         416              1,154           1,468        111            151
Total                                                                  $ 2,515       $ 2,908        $ 355       $ 433            $ 1,279         $ 1,652      $ 111          $ 151


202 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(f) Fair value measurements
The following tables present major categories of plan assets and the allocation to each category.

                                                                                         U.S. plans(1)                                                 Canadian plans(2)
                                                                         Pension plans             Retiree welfare plans                Pension plans             Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2022                                              Fair value    % of total     Fair value   % of total         Fair value      % of total     Fair value    % of total
Cash and cash equivalents                                           $    35            1%          $  22            4%            $     9               1%             $ –              –
Public equity securities(3)                                             377           15%             41            8%                233              20%               –              –
Public debt securities                                                1,509           58%            445           85%                898              79%               –              –
Other investments(4)                                                    660           26%             15            3%                  1               0%               –              –
Total                                                               $ 2,581          100%          $ 523          100%            $ 1,141             100%             $ –              –
                                                                                         U.S. plans(1)                                                 Canadian plans(2)
                                                                         Pension plans             Retiree welfare plans                Pension plans             Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2021                                              Fair value    % of total     Fair value   % of total         Fair value      % of total     Fair value    % of total
Cash and cash equivalents                                           $    90             3%         $  21            4%            $    14                1%           $ –               –
Public equity securities(3)                                             600            20%            57           10%                322               22%             –               –
Public debt securities                                                1,863            61%           501           85%              1,144               77%             –               –
Other investments(4)                                                    475            16%             8            1%                  2                0%             –               –
Total                                                               $ 3,028           100%         $ 587          100%            $ 1,482              100%           $ –               –
(1) The U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the private debt, infrastructure, private equity, real estate, timber and

  agriculture assets. In the aggregate, the latter assets represent approximately 15% of all U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 7%).
(2) All the Canadian pension plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the group annuity contract assets that represent approximately 0.1% of all Canadian

  pension plan assets as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 0.1%).
(3) Equity securities include direct investments in MFC common shares of $1.2 (2021 – $1.2) in the U.S. retiree welfare plan and $nil (2021 – $nil) in Canada.
(4) Other U.S. plan assets include investment in real estate, private debt, infrastructure, private equity, timberland and agriculture, and managed futures. Other Canadian pension

  plan assets include investment in the group annuity contract.


(g) Net benefit cost recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income
The following table presents components of the net benefit cost for the pension plans and retiree welfare plans.

                                                                                                                                       Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                       2022           2021            2022        2021
Defined benefit current service cost(1)                                                                                            $  43          $  44                $ –         $ –
Defined benefit administrative expenses                                                                                               11              9                  2           2
Past service cost-plan amendments and curtailments                                                                                    (6)             –                  –           –
Service cost                                                                                                                          48             53                  2           2
Interest on net defined benefit (asset) liability                                                                                      2              6                  –           1
Defined benefit cost                                                                                                                  50             59                  2           3
Defined contribution cost                                                                                                             85             90                  –           –
Net benefit cost                                                                                                                   $ 135          $ 149                $ 2         $ 3
(1) There are no significant current service costs for the retiree welfare plans as they are closed and mostly frozen. The remeasurement gain or loss on these plans is due to the

  volatility of discount rates and investment returns.


(h) Re-measurement effects recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
The following table presents components of the re-measurement effects recognized in Other Comprehensive Income for the pension plans
and retiree welfare plans.

                                                                                                                                           Pension plans            Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                        2022           2021            2022       2021
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit obligations due to:
   Experience                                                                                                                          $  (5)      $  (3)             $ 13        $  –
   Demographic assumption changes                                                                                                          –          (7)                –          (1)
   Economic assumption changes                                                                                                           835         194               112          29
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)                                                                                       (869)         70               (91)         (1)
Change in effect of asset limit (excluding interest)                                                                                     (10)        (37)                –           –
Total re-measurement effects                                                                                                           $ (49)      $ 217              $ 34        $ 27




                                                                                                                                                                                      203
(i) Assumptions
The following table presents key assumptions used by the Company to determine the defined benefit obligation and net benefit cost for the
defined benefit pension plans and retiree welfare plans.

                                                                                                           U.S. Plans                                     Canadian Plans
                                                                                           Pension plans       Retiree welfare plans          Pension plans       Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                          2022      2021          2022        2021           2022       2021         2022        2021
To determine the defined benefit obligation at end of year(1):
   Discount rate                                                                         5.0%       2.7%         5.0%         2.7%           5.3%       3.1%        5.3%         3.2%
   Initial health care cost trend rate(2)                                                 n/a        n/a         7.8%         7.0%            n/a        n/a        5.3%         5.4%
To determine the defined benefit cost for the year(1):
   Discount rate                                                                         2.7%       2.4%         2.7%         2.4%           3.1%       2.5%        3.2%         2.6%
   Initial health care cost trend rate(2)                                                 n/a        n/a         7.0%         7.3%            n/a        n/a        5.4%         5.5%
(1) Inflation and salary increase assumptions are not shown as they do not materially affect obligations and cost.
(2) The health care cost trend rate used to measure the U.S. based retiree welfare obligation was 7.8% grading to 4.8% for 2035 and years thereafter (2021 – 7.0% grading to

  4.5% for 2032) and to measure the net benefit cost was 7.0% grading to 4.5% for 2032 and years thereafter (2021 – 7.3% grading to 4.5% for 2032). In Canada, the rate used
  to measure the retiree welfare obligation was 5.3% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2021 – 5.4% grading to 4.8% for 2026) and to measure the net benefit cost
  was 5.4% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2021 – 5.5% grading to 4.8% for 2026).

Assumptions regarding future mortality are based on published statistics and mortality tables. The following table presents current life
expectancies underlying the values of the obligations in the defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans.

As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                                                                U.S.    Canada
Life expectancy (in years) for those currently age 65
    Males                                                                                                                                                            22.1        23.9
    Females                                                                                                                                                          23.6        25.7
Life expectancy (in years) at age 65 for those currently age 45
    Males                                                                                                                                                            23.5        24.8
    Females                                                                                                                                                          25.0        26.6


(j) Sensitivity of assumptions on obligations
Assumptions used can have a significant effect on the obligations reported for defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans. The
following table sets out the potential impact on the obligations arising from changes in the key assumptions. The sensitivities assume all
other assumptions are held constant. In actuality, inter-relationships with other assumptions may exist.

As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                                        Pension plans     Retiree welfare plans
Discount rate:
   Impact of a 1% increase                                                                                                                          $ (279)                     $ (39)
   Impact of a 1% decrease                                                                                                                             322                         45
Health care cost trend rate:
   Impact of a 1% increase                                                                                                                               n/a                        10
   Impact of a 1% decrease                                                                                                                               n/a                        (9)
Mortality rates(1)
   Impact of a 10% decrease                                                                                                                               93                          8
(1) If the actuarial estimates of mortality are adjusted in the future to reflect unexpected decreases in mortality, the effect of a 10% decrease in mortality rates at each future age

  would be an increase in life expectancy at age 65 of 0.8 years for U.S. males and females, 0.8 years for Canadian females and 0.7 years for Canadian males, respectively.


(k) Maturity profile
The following table presents weighted average duration (in years) of the defined benefit obligations.

                                                                                                                                         Pension plans           Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,                                                                                                                      2022       2021             2022         2021
U.S. plans                                                                                                                               8.2        9.7              8.2          9.5
Canadian plans                                                                                                                          10.6       12.4             11.1         13.3




204 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(l) Cash flows – contributions
The following table presents total cash payments for all employee future benefits, comprised of cash contributed by the Company to
funded defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans, cash payments directly to beneficiaries in respect of unfunded pension and
retiree welfare plans, and cash contributed to defined contribution pension plans.

                                                                                                       Pension plans          Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                       2022        2021         2022         2021
Defined benefit plans                                                                              $  59       $  61            $ 11         $ 11
Defined contribution plans                                                                            85          90               –            –
Total                                                                                              $ 144       $ 151            $ 11         $ 11

The Company’s best estimate of expected cash payments for employee future benefits for the year ending December 31, 2023 is $65 for
defined benefit pension plans, $89 for defined contribution pension plans and $13 for retiree welfare plans.

Note 17          Income Taxes
(a) Income tax expense
The following table presents income tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                              2022           2021
Current tax
Current year                                                                                                              $ 1,097       $ 1,390
Adjustments related to prior years                                                                                           (263)          (50)
Total current tax                                                                                                             834         1,340
Deferred tax
Change related to temporary differences                                                                                       706          (139)
Adjustments related to prior years                                                                                            226            12
Effects of change in tax rates in Canada                                                                                     (201)            –
Total deferred tax                                                                                                            731          (127)
Income tax expense                                                                                                        $ 1,565       $ 1,213

The following table discloses income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in equity.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                               2022          2021
Recognized in other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                     $   (323)      $     (3)
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                        (863)           (61)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income                                                                            $ (1,186)      $    (64)
Recognized in equity, other than other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                     $        5     $      5
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                            (8)         (15)
Total income tax recognized directly in equity                                                                            $       (3)    $    (10)

(b) Current tax receivable and payable
As at December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately $1,135 of current tax receivable included in other assets (2021 – $660) and a
current tax payable of $195 included in other liabilities (2021 – $357).

(c) Tax reconciliation
The effective income tax rate reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income varies from the Canadian tax rate of 27.50 per cent for
the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 – 26.50 per cent) for the items outlined in the following table. The Canadian tax rate became
substantively enacted in December 2022 with an effective date of April 7, 2022.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                              2022           2021
Income before income taxes                                                                                                $ 8,747       $ 8,125
Income tax expense at Canadian statutory tax rate                                                                         $ 2,406       $ 2,153
Increase (decrease) in income taxes due to:
    Tax-exempt investment income                                                                                             (214)         (261)
    Differences in tax rate on income not subject to tax in Canada                                                           (835)         (917)
    Adjustments to taxes related to prior years                                                                               (37)          (38)
    Tax losses and temporary differences not recognized as deferred taxes                                                      86            53
    Tax rate change in Canada                                                                                                (201)            –
    Other differences                                                                                                         360           223
Income tax expense                                                                                                        $ 1,565       $ 1,213


                                                                                                                                                205
(d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The following table presents the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Financial
Position.

As at December, 31                                                                                                                         2022       2021
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                  $ 5,423      $ 5,254
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               (2,774)      (2,769)
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                                                                                $ 2,649      $ 2,485


The following table presents movement of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                                        Recognized in Recognized in Other                          Balance,
                                                                   Balance,                   Income      Comprehensive Recognized Translation December 31,
As at December 31, 2022                                     January 1, 2022 Disposals      Statement              Income  in Equity and Other         2022
Loss carryforwards                                                $    517     $   –      $   184             $   –        $    –      $   –      $    701
Actuarial liabilities                                                8,703         –       (5,537)                –             1        374         3,541
Pensions and post-employment benefits                                  161         –           (1)              (17)            –          –           143
Tax credits                                                             46         –           63                 –             –          –           109
Accrued interest                                                         1         –            –                 –             –          –             1
Real estate                                                         (1,171)        –          (20)               (1)            –        (36)       (1,228)
Securities and other investments                                    (5,139)        –        4,552               879            (1)      (250)           41
Sale of investments                                                    (40)        –           10                 –             –          –           (30)
Goodwill and intangible assets                                        (804)        –           (4)                –             –        (17)         (825)
Other                                                                  211         –           22                 2             8        (47)          196
Total                                                             $ 2,485      $   –      $ (731)             $ 863        $    8      $ 24       $ 2,649

                                                                                         Recognized Recognized in Other                          Balance,
                                                                   Balance,               in Income     Comprehensive Recognized Translation December 31,
As at December 31, 2021                                     January 1, 2021 Disposals     Statement             Income  in Equity and Other         2021
Loss carryforwards                                                $    497     $ (10)     $     22            $     –      $  –        $   8      $    517
Actuarial liabilities                                                9,372         –          (666)                 –         –           (3)        8,703
Pensions and post-employment benefits                                  215         –             7                (61)        –            –           161
Tax credits                                                             34         –            11                  1         –            –            46
Accrued interest                                                         1         –             –                  –         –            –             1
Real estate                                                         (1,033)        –          (145)                 –         –            7        (1,171)
Securities and other investments                                    (5,950)        –           643               119          –           49        (5,139)
Sale of investments                                                    (56)        –            16                  –         –            –           (40)
Goodwill and intangible assets                                        (849)        –            29                  –         –           16          (804)
Other                                                                   (3)        1           210                  2        15          (14)          211
Total                                                             $ 2,228      $ (9)      $    127              $ 61       $ 15        $ 63       $ 2,485

The total deferred tax assets as at December 31, 2022 of $5,423 (2021 – $5,254) include $40 (2021 – $942) where the Company has
suffered losses in either the current or preceding year and where the recognition is dependent on future taxable profits in the relevant
jurisdictions and feasible management actions.
As at December 31, 2022, tax loss carryforwards available were approximately $3,902 (2021 – $2,689) of which $3,684 expire between
the years 2025 and 2042 while $218 have no expiry date, and capital loss carryforwards available were approximately $1 (2021 – $1) and
have no expiry date. A $701 (2021 – $517) tax benefit related to these tax loss carryforwards has been recognized as a deferred tax asset
as at December 31, 2022, and a benefit of $211 (2021 – $120) has not been recognized. The Company has approximately $273 (2021 –
$200) of tax credit carryforwards which will expire between the years 2026 and 2042 of which a benefit of $164 (2021 – $154) has not
been recognized. In addition, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset of $507 (2021 – $490) on other temporary differences
of $1,829 (2021 – $1,867).
The total deferred tax liability as at December 31, 2022 was $2,774 (2021 – $2,769). This amount includes the deferred tax liability of
consolidated entities. The aggregate amount of taxable temporary differences associated with the Company’s own investments in
subsidiaries is not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and was $20,625 (2021 – $24,034).


Note 18 Interests in Structured Entities
The Company is involved with both consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities (“SEs”) which are established to generate
investment and fee income. The Company is also involved with SEs that are used to facilitate financing for the Company. These entities may
have some or all the following features: control is not readily identified based on voting rights; restricted activities designed to achieve a
narrow objective; high amount of leverage; and/or highly structured capital.

206 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company only discloses its involvement in significant consolidated and unconsolidated SEs. In assessing the significance, the
Company considers the nature of its involvement with the SE, including whether it is sponsored by the Company (i.e. initially organized and
managed by the Company). Other factors considered include the Company’s investment in the SE as compared to total investments, its
returns from the SE as compared to total net investment income, the SE’s size as compared to total funds under management, and its
exposure to any other risks from its involvement with the SE.
The Company does not provide financial or other support to its SEs, when it does not have a contractual obligation to do so.

(a) Consolidated SEs
Investment SEs
The Company acts as an investment manager of timberlands and timber companies. The Company’s general fund and segregated funds
invest in many of these companies. The Company has control over one timberland company which it manages, Hancock Victoria
Plantations Holdings PTY Limited (“HVPH”). HVPH is a SE primarily because the Company’s employees exercise voting rights over it on
behalf of other investors. As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s consolidated timber assets relating to HVPH were $1,264 (2021 –
$979). The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from HVPH.

Financing SEs
The Company securitizes certain HELOC collateralized by residential property. This activity is facilitated by consolidated entities that are
SEs because their operations are limited to issuing and servicing the Company’s funding. Further information regarding the Company’s
mortgage securitization program is included in note 4.

(b) Unconsolidated SEs
Investment SEs
The following table presents the Company’s investments and maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated investment SEs,
some of which are sponsored by the Company. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from
these SEs.

                                                                                                                                                       Company’s maximum
                                                                                                                      Company’s investment(1)           exposure to loss(2)
As at December 31,                                                                                                       2022           2021             2022            2021
Leveraged leases(3)                                                                                                   $ 3,840       $ 3,457         $ 3,840         $ 3,457
Timberland companies(4)                                                                                                   816           842             816             842
Real estate companies(5)                                                                                                  465           513             465             513
Total                                                                                                                 $ 5,121       $ 4,812         $ 5,121         $ 4,812
(1) The Company’s investments in these unconsolidated SEs are included in invested assets and the Company’s returns from them are included in net investment income and AOCI.
(2) The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from each SE is limited to amounts invested in each, plus unfunded capital commitments, if any. The Company’s investment

    commitments are disclosed in note 19. The maximum loss is expected to occur only upon the entity’s bankruptcy/liquidation, or in case a natural disaster in the case of the
    timber companies.
(3) These entities are statutory business trusts which use capital provided by the Company and senior debt provided by other parties to finance the acquisition of assets. These

    assets are leased to third-party lessees under long-term leases. The Company owns equity capital in these business trusts. The Company does not consolidate any of the trusts
    that are party to the lease arrangements because the Company does not have decision-making power over them.
(4) These entities own and operate timberlands. The Company invests in their equity and debt. The Company’s returns include investment income, investment advisory fees, forestry

    management fees and performance advisory fees. The Company does not control these entities because it either does not have the power to govern their financial and operating
    policies or does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.
(5) These entities, which include the Manulife U.S. REIT, own and manage commercial real estate. The Company invests in their equity. The Company’s returns include investment

    income, investment management fees, property management fees, acquisition/disposition fees and leasing fees. The Company does not control these entities because it either
    does not have the power to govern their financial and operating policies or does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.


Financing SEs
The Company’s interests in and maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated financing SEs are as follows.

                                                                                                                                                         Company’s interests(1)
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                          2022         2021
Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P.(2)                                                                                                                      $ 691       $ 850
Total                                                                                                                                                     $ 691       $ 850
(1) The Company’s interests include amounts borrowed from the SE; the Company’s investment in its equity and subordinated capital; and foreign currency and interest rate swaps

  with it.
(2) This entity is a wholly owned partnership used to facilitate the Company’s financing. Refer to notes 11 and 19.




(i) Other invested assets
The Company has investment relationships with a variety of other entities, which result from its direct investment in their debt and/or
equity and which have been assessed for control. These other entities’ investments include but are not limited to investments in power and

                                                                                                                                                                              207
infrastructure, oil and gas, private equity, real estate and agriculture, organized as limited partnerships and limited liability companies.
Most of these other entities are not sponsored by the Company. The Company’s involvement with these other entities is not individually
significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary financial data for these entities nor individually assesses whether they are
SEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to losses because of its involvement with these other entities is limited to its investment in them
and amounts committed to be invested but not yet funded. The Company records its income from these entities in net investment income
and AOCI. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from these other entities.

(ii) Interest in securitized assets
The Company invests in mortgage/asset-backed securities issued by securitization vehicles sponsored by other parties, including private
issuers and government sponsored issuers, to generate investment income. The Company does not own a controlling financial interest in
any of the issuers. These securitization vehicles are SEs based on their narrow scope of activities and highly leveraged capital structures.
Investments in mortgage/asset-backed securities are reported on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as debt securities and
private placements, and their fair value and carrying value are disclosed in note 4. The Company’s maximum loss from these investments is
limited to amounts invested.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities (“CMBS”) are secured by commercial mortgages and residential mortgage backed securities
(“RMBS”) are secured by residential mortgages. Asset-backed securities (“ABS”) may be secured by various underlying assets including
credit card receivables, automobile loans and aviation leases. The mortgage/asset-backed securities that the Company invests in primarily
originate in North America.
The following table presents investments in securitized holdings by the type and asset quality.

                                                                                                       2022                           2021
As at December 31,                                                                  CMBS        RMBS            ABS       Total          Total
AAA                                                                               $ 675     $     5    $      1,095   $ 1,775       $ 2,346
AA                                                                                    –           3               6         9            11
A                                                                                    56           –             534       590           641
BBB                                                                                   –           –             232       232           227
BB and below                                                                          –           –               3         3             4
Total company exposure                                                            $ 731     $     8    $      1,870   $ 2,609       $ 3,229


(iii) Mutual funds
The Company sponsors and may invest in a range of public mutual funds with a broad range of investment styles. As sponsor, the Company
organizes mutual funds that implement investment strategies on behalf of current and future investors. The Company earns fees which are
at market rates for providing advisory and administrative services to these mutual funds. Generally, the Company does not control its
sponsored mutual funds because either the Company does not have power to govern their financial and operating policies, or its returns in
the form of fees and ownership interests are not significant, or both. Certain mutual funds are SEs because their decision-making rights
are not vested in voting equity interests and their investors are provided with redemption rights.
The Company’s relationships with these mutual funds are not individually significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary
financial data for these mutual funds nor individually assesses whether they are SEs. The Company’s interest in mutual funds is limited to
its investment and fees earned, if any. The Company’s investments in mutual funds are recorded as part of its investment in public equities
within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. For information regarding the Company’s invested assets, refer to note 4. The
Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from these mutual funds.
As sponsor, the Company’s investment in (“seed”) startup capital of mutual funds as at December 31, 2022 was $1,296 (2021 – $1,361).
The Company’s retail mutual fund assets under management as at December 31, 2022 were $258,183 (2021 – $290,863).


Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies
(a) Legal proceedings
The Company is regularly involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. The legal actions where the Company is a party
ordinarily relate to its activities as a provider of insurance protection or wealth management products, reinsurance, or in its capacity as an
investment adviser, employer, or taxpayer. Other life insurers and asset managers, operating in the jurisdictions in which the Company
does business, have been subject to a wide variety of other types of actions, some of which resulted in substantial judgments or
settlements against the defendants; it is possible that the Company may become involved in similar actions in the future. In addition,
government and regulatory bodies in Canada, the United States, Asia and other jurisdictions where the Company conducts business
regularly make inquiries and, from time to time, require the production of information or conduct examinations concerning the Company’s
compliance with, among other things, insurance laws, securities laws, and laws governing the activities of broker-dealers.
In June 2018, a class action was initiated against John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”) and John Hancock Life
Insurance Company of New York (“JHNY”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of owners of

208 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
approximately 1,500 Performance Universal Life (“PerfUL”) policies issued between 2003 and 2010 whose policies were subject to a Cost
of Insurance (“COI”) increase announced in 2018. On May 17, 2022, at a Fairness Hearing, the Court approved the class Settlement
Agreement that it had preliminary approved on January 5, 2022. The settlement has been implemented. In the Class Notice process, an
institutional investor which owns approximately 150 of the policies that met the class definition “opted out” of the settlement. No
subsequent action has thus far been taken with respect to those opt out policies.
In addition to the class action, eleven individual lawsuits opposing the Performance UL COI increases were also filed. Each of the lawsuits,
except two, is brought by plaintiffs owning multiple policies and/or by entities managing them for investment purposes. Three of the
pending federal cases have now been settled and these involved a combined 46 PerfUL policies. On September 8, 2022, two new
individual lawsuits were filed in New York and California federal courts, with respect to the 16 policies owned by Skellig Capital. There are
now five lawsuits pending in federal courts in New York and California and three in New York state court. In the aggregate, approximately
135 PerfUL policies are involved in these cases. There are also approximately 140 policies that have been “opted out” of the class
settlement, and although no litigation is pending with respect to those policies, future litigation is possible if not probable. Of the remaining
non-class/individual lawsuits, discovery has commenced. With respect to the non-class/individual lawsuits pending in the New York federal
district court (not including the recently filed Skellig lawsuits), the court has approved a briefing schedule and set the final pre-trial hearing
for February 23, 2023. The Company continues to defend the individual lawsuits. In 2021, the Company recorded an accrual in relation to
the class and individual lawsuits. In Q3 2022, the accrual was increased.

(b) Investment commitments
In the normal course of business, various investment commitments are outstanding which are not reflected in the Consolidated Financial
Statements. There were $14,193 (2021 – $12,233) of outstanding investment commitments as at December 31, 2022, of which $1,095
(2021 – $957) mature in 30 days, $3,359 (2021 – $3,205) mature in 31 to 365 days and $9,739 (2021 – $8,071) mature after one year.

(c) Letters of credit
In the normal course of business, third-party relationship banks issue letters of credit on the Company’s behalf. The Company’s businesses
utilize letters of credit for which third parties are the beneficiaries, as well as for affiliate reinsurance transactions between its subsidiaries.
As at December 31, 2022, letters of credit for which third parties are beneficiary, in the amount of $215 (2021 – $99), were outstanding.

(d) Guarantees
(i) Guarantees regarding Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P. (“MFLP”)
MFC has guaranteed the payment of amounts on the $650 subordinated debentures due on December 15, 2041 issued by MFLP, a wholly
owned unconsolidated financing entity.
The following table presents certain condensed consolidated financial information for MFC and MFLP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information

                                                                                                   Other
                                                                                          subsidiaries of                           Total
                                                                                 MFC           MFC on a     Consolidation   consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                       (Guarantor)   combined basis      adjustments       amounts       MFLP
Total revenue                                                                $ 518          $ 17,732         $ (1,103)      $ 17,147         $ 64
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders                                  7,294            7,071           (7,071)         7,294           21


                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                         subsidiaries on                            Total
                                                                                 MFC        a combined      Consolidation   consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                       (Guarantor)             basis     adjustments       amounts       MFLP
Total revenue                                                                $ 563          $ 62,323         $ (1,065)      $ 61,821         $ 41
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders                                  7,105            6,842           (6,842)         7,105            3




                                                                                                                                                209
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                           subsidiaries                                 Total
                                                                               MFC                 on a       Consolidation     consolidated
As at December 31, 2022                                                  (Guarantor)    combined basis         adjustments         amounts             MFLP
Invested assets                                                         $       63       $ 413,938            $         –      $ 414,001          $     21
Total other assets                                                          67,543          90,687                (71,852)        86,378               950
Segregated funds net assets                                                      –         348,562                      –        348,562                 –
Insurance contract liabilities                                                   –         371,405                      –        371,405                 –
Investment contract liabilities                                                  –           3,248                      –          3,248                 –
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                 –         348,562                      –        348,562                 –
Total other liabilities                                                     11,545          58,246                   (444)        69,347               712


                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                           subsidiaries                                 Total
                                                                               MFC                 on a       Consolidation     consolidated
As at December 31, 2021                                                  (Guarantor)    combined basis         adjustments         amounts             MFLP
Invested assets                                                         $       78       $ 427,020            $          –     $ 427,098          $       3
Total other assets                                                          68,866          94,615                (72,724)        90,757              1,088
Segregated funds net assets                                                      –         399,788                       –       399,788                  –
Insurance contract liabilities                                                   –         392,275                       –       392,275                  –
Investment contract liabilities                                                  –           3,117                       –         3,117                  –
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                 –         399,788                       –       399,788                  –
Total other liabilities                                                     10,536          53,962                    (904)       63,594                852


(ii) Guarantees regarding John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”)
Details of guarantees regarding certain securities issued or to be issued by JHUSA are outlined in note 24.

(e) Pledged assets
In the normal course of business, the Company pledges its assets in respect of liabilities incurred, strictly for providing collateral to the
counterparty. In the event of the Company’s default, the counterparty is entitled to apply the collateral to settle the liability. The pledged
assets are returned to the Company if the underlying transaction is terminated or, in the case of derivatives, if there is a decrease in the net
exposure due to market value changes.
The amounts pledged are as follows.

                                                                                                2022                                       2021
As at December 31,                                                                 Debt securities                Other       Debt securities          Other
In respect of:
    Derivatives                                                                        $ 11,944           $    23                 $ 5,525         $    23
    Secured borrowings                                                                        –             2,385                       –           2,575
    Regulatory requirements                                                                 320                77                     367              78
    Repurchase agreements                                                                   886                 –                     535               –
    Non-registered retirement plans in trust                                                  –               326                       –             377
    Other                                                                                     –               404                       2             414
Total                                                                                  $ 13,150           $ 3,215                 $ 6,429         $ 3,467


(f) Participating business
In some territories where the Company maintains participating accounts, there are regulatory restrictions on the amounts of profit that can
be transferred to shareholders. Where applicable, these restrictions generally take the form of a fixed percentage of policyholder
dividends. For participating businesses operating as separate “closed blocks”, transfers are governed by the terms of MLI’s and John
Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company’s plans of demutualization.

(g) Fixed surplus notes
A third party contractually provides standby financing arrangements for the Company’s U.S. operations under which, in certain
circumstances, funds may be provided in exchange for the issuance of fixed surplus notes. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had no
fixed surplus notes outstanding.




210 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 20 Segmented Information
The Company’s reporting segments are Asia, Canada, U.S., Global WAM and Corporate and Other. Each reporting segment is responsible
for managing its operating results, developing products, defining strategies for services and distribution based on the profile and needs of
its business and market. The Company’s significant product and service offerings by the reporting segments are mentioned below.
Wealth and asset management businesses (Global WAM) – branded as Manulife Investment Management, provides investment advice
and innovative solutions to retirement, retail, and institutional clients. Products and services are distributed through multiple distribution
channels, including agents and brokers affiliated with the Company, independent securities brokerage firms and financial advisors pension
plan consultants and banks.
Insurance and annuity products (Asia, Canada and U.S.) – include a variety of individual life insurance, individual and group long-term
care insurance and guaranteed and partially guaranteed annuity products. Products are distributed through multiple distribution channels,
including insurance agents, brokers, banks, financial planners and direct marketing. Manulife Bank of Canada offers a variety of deposit
and credit products to Canadian customers.
Corporate and Other Segment – comprised of investment performance of assets backing capital, net of amounts allocated to operating
segments; costs incurred by the corporate office related to shareholder activities (not allocated to the operating segments); financing
costs; Property and Casualty Reinsurance Business; and run-off reinsurance operations including variable annuities and accident and
health.

Reporting segments
The following table presents results by reporting segments.

                                                                                                                           Corporate
As at and for the year ended December 31, 2022                    Asia        Canada           U.S.       Global WAM       and Other          Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                  $   18,690    $    9,945    $     6,579    $          –     $       269     $    35,483
Annuities and pensions                                          2,786           447           (863)              –               –           2,370
Net premium income                                             21,476        10,392          5,716               –             269          37,853
Net investment income (loss)                                   (7,972)       (7,911)       (13,003)            (39)           (945)        (29,870)
Other revenue                                                   1,458         1,426            458           6,350            (528)          9,164
Total revenue                                                  14,962         3,907         (6,829)          6,311          (1,204)         17,147
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance                                       4,976         5,945        (11,868)              –             431           (516)
Annuities and pensions                                          2,667        (8,738)        (2,753)             41               –         (8,783)
Net benefits and claims                                         7,643        (2,793)       (14,621)             41             431         (9,299)
Interest expense                                                  234           573             67               7             469          1,350
Other expenses                                                  5,024         3,506          2,847           4,717             255         16,349
Total contract benefits and expenses                           12,901         1,286        (11,707)          4,765           1,155          8,400
Income (loss) before income taxes                               2,061         2,621          4,878           1,546          (2,359)         8,747
Income tax recovery (expense)                                    (308)         (777)          (886)           (223)            629         (1,565)
Net income (loss)                                               1,753         1,844          3,992           1,323          (1,730)         7,182
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
    Non-controlling interests                                     (4)            –             –              2               1               (1)
    Participating policyholders                                 (467)          314            42              –               –             (111)
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders               $   2,224     $   1,530     $   3,950      $   1,321        $ (1,731)       $   7,294
Total assets                                               $ 158,036     $ 155,049     $ 267,653      $ 231,154        $ 37,049        $ 848,941




                                                                                                                                                 211
                                                                                                                                             Corporate
As at and for the year ended December 31, 2021                                 Asia       Canada              U.S.       Global WAM          and Other          Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                               $   20,428    $    9,217    $       6,338    $          –       $        147      $   36,130
Annuities and pensions                                                       2,558           344               33               –                  –           2,935
Net premium income                                                          22,986         9,561            6,371               –                147          39,065
Net investment income (loss)                                                 4,889         1,469            5,061              28                177          11,624
Other revenue                                                                1,696         1,336            1,824           6,513               (237)         11,132
Total revenue                                                               29,571        12,366           13,256           6,541                 87          61,821
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance                                                   18,240        10,276            9,307               –                159          37,982
Annuities and pensions                                                       2,638        (3,371)          (1,528)            101                  –          (2,160)
Net benefits and claims                                                     20,878         6,905            7,779             101                159          35,822
Interest expense                                                               232           269               47               1                462           1,011
Other expenses                                                               5,273         3,401            2,947           4,798                444          16,863
Total contract benefits and expenses                                        26,383        10,575           10,773           4,900              1,065          53,696
Income (loss) before income taxes                                            3,188         1,791            2,483           1,641               (978)          8,125
Income tax recovery (expense)                                                 (445)         (336)            (385)           (233)               186          (1,213)
Net income (loss)                                                            2,743         1,455            2,098           1,408               (792)          6,912
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
    Non-controlling interests                                                 253             –             –                2                 –                255
    Participating policyholders                                              (567)          101            18                –                 –               (448)
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders                            $   3,057     $   1,354     $   2,080        $   1,406          $   (792)         $   7,105
Total assets                                                            $ 162,970     $ 169,736     $ 290,838        $ 259,363          $ 34,736          $ 917,643


Geographical location
The results of the Company’s reporting segments differ from its geographical location primarily due to the allocation of Global WAM and
Corporate and Other segments into the geographical location to which its businesses relate.
The following table presents results by geographical location.

For the year ended December 31, 2022                                                                Asia         Canada               U.S.        Other         Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                                                     $ 18,786       $  9,615        $  6,580           $ 502      $ 35,483
Annuities and pensions                                                                           2,786            447            (863)              –         2,370
Net premium income                                                                              21,572        10,062            5,717             502        37,853
Net investment income (loss)                                                                    (8,468)        (8,435)        (13,288)            321       (29,870)
Other revenue                                                                                    2,702          3,246           3,217              (1)        9,164
Total revenue                                                                                 $ 15,806       $ 4,873         $ (4,354)          $ 822      $ 17,147

For the year ended December 31, 2021                                                                Asia         Canada               U.S.        Other         Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                                                     $ 20,515       $  8,905        $  6,340           $ 370      $ 36,130
Annuities and pensions                                                                           2,558            344              33               –         2,935
Net premium income                                                                              23,073          9,249           6,373             370        39,065
Net investment income (loss)                                                                     5,313          1,255           4,830             226        11,624
Other revenue                                                                                    2,818          3,363           4,952              (1)       11,132
Total revenue                                                                                 $ 31,204       $ 13,867        $ 16,155           $ 595      $ 61,821


Note 21 Related Parties
The Company enters into transactions with related parties in the normal course of business and at the terms that would exist in
arm’s-length transactions.

(a) Transactions with certain related parties
Transactions with MFLP, a wholly owned unconsolidated partnership, are described in notes 11, 18 and 19.




212 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(b) Compensation of key management personnel
The Company’s key management personnel are those personnel who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the activities of the Company. Directors (both executive and non-executive) and senior management are considered key
management personnel. A summary of compensation of key management personnel is as follows.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                     2022               2021
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                   $      73            $  65
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                               6                5
Share-based payments                                                                                                                  73               57
Termination benefits                                                                                                                   –                –
Other long-term benefits                                                                                                               3                2
Total                                                                                                                          $     155            $ 129


Note 22 Subsidiaries
The following is a list of Manulife’s directly and indirectly held major operating subsidiaries.

As at December 31, 2022                                                 Equity
(100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets beside company name)    Interest          Address          Description
The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company                              $ 65,848      Toronto, Canada       Leading Canadian-based financial services
                                                                                                          company that offers a diverse range of financial
                                                                                                          protection products and wealth management
                                                                                                          services
 Manulife Holdings (Alberta) Limited                                  $ 21,640      Calgary, Canada       Holding company
  John Hancock Financial Corporation                                                 Boston, U.S.A.       Holding company
    The Manufacturers Investment Corporation                                         Boston, U.S.A.       Holding company
        John Hancock Reassurance Company Ltd.                                        Boston, U.S.A.       Captive insurance subsidiary that provides life,
                                                                                                          annuity and long-term care reinsurance to
                                                                                                          affiliates
        John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)                                 Boston, U.S.A.       U.S. life insurance company licensed in all
                                                                                                          states, except New York
          John Hancock Subsidiaries LLC                                              Boston, U.S.A.       Holding company
            John Hancock Financial Network, Inc.                                     Boston, U.S.A.       Financial services distribution organization
            John Hancock Investment Management LLC                                   Boston, U.S.A.       Investment advisor
               John Hancock Investment Management                                    Boston, U.S.A.       Broker-dealer
                 Distributors LLC
            Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC                                  Boston, U.S.A.       Investment advisor
            Manulife Investment Management Timberland and                            Boston, U.S.A.       Manager of globally diversified timberland and
             Agriculture Inc.                                                                             agricultural portfolios
          John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York                           New York, U.S.A.      U.S. life insurance company licensed in
                                                                                                          New York
          John Hancock Variable Trust Advisers LLC                                   Boston, U.S.A.       Investment advisor for open-end mutual funds
          John Hancock Life & Health Insurance Company                               Boston, U.S.A.       U.S. life insurance company licensed in all states
          John Hancock Distributors LLC                                              Boston, U.S.A.       Broker-dealer
       John Hancock Insurance Agency, Inc.                                           Boston, U.S.A.       Insurance agency
       Manulife Reinsurance Limited                                                Hamilton, Bermuda      Provides life and financial reinsurance to
                                                                                                          affiliates
        Manulife Reinsurance (Bermuda) Limited                                     Hamilton, Bermuda      Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
 Manulife Bank of Canada                                              $ 1,788       Waterloo, Canada      Provides integrated banking products and service
                                                                                                          options not available from an insurance company
 Manulife Investment Management Holdings (Canada) Inc.                $ 1,179       Toronto, Canada       Holding company
       Manulife Investment Management Limited                                       Toronto, Canada       Provides investment counseling, portfolio and
                                                                                                          mutual fund management in Canada
 First North American Insurance Company                                 $ 7         Toronto, Canada       Property and casualty insurance company
 Manulife Securities Investment Services Inc.                          $ 80         Oakville, Canada      Mutual fund dealer for Canadian operations
 Manulife Holdings (Bermuda) Limited                                  $ 22,841     Hamilton, Bermuda      Holding company
       Manufacturers P&C Limited                                                  St. Michael, Barbados   Provides property and casualty reinsurance
       Manulife Financial Asia Limited                                             Hong Kong, China       Holding company



                                                                                                                                                          213
As at December 31, 2022                                                  Equity
(100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets beside company name)     Interest            Address            Description

          Manulife (Cambodia) PLC                                                  Phnom Penh, Cambodia        Life insurance company
          Manulife Myanmar Life Insurance Company Limited                             Yangon, Myanmar          Life insurance company
          Manufacturers Life Reinsurance Limited                                    St. Michael, Barbados      Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
          Manulife (Vietnam) Limited                                               Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Life insurance company
             Manulife Investment Fund Management (Vietnam)                         Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Fund management company
              Company Limited
          Manulife International Holdings Limited                                     Hong Kong, China         Holding company
             Manulife (International) Limited                                         Hong Kong, China         Life insurance company
               Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (51%)                         Shanghai, China         Life insurance company
             Manulife Investment Management International                             Hong Kong, China         Holding company
              Holdings Limited
               Manulife Investment Management (Hong Kong)                             Hong Kong, China         Investment management and advisory company
                Limited                                                                                        marketing mutual funds
                     Manulife Investment Management (Taiwan)                        Taipei, Taiwan (China)     Investment management company
                      Co., Ltd.
          Manulife Life Insurance Company (Japan)                                        Tokyo, Japan          Life insurance company
             Manulife Investment Management (Japan) Limited                              Tokyo, Japan          Investment management and advisory company
                                                                                                               and mutual fund business
          Manulife Holdings Berhad (61.6%)                                         Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia      Holding company
             Manulife Insurance Berhad (61.6%)                                     Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia      Life insurance company
             Manulife Investment Management (Malaysia) Berhad                      Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia      Asset management company
              (61.6%)
          Manulife (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                                  Singapore            Life insurance company
          Manulife Investment Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                            Singapore            Asset management company
          The Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. (Phils.), Inc.                       Makati City, Philippines   Life insurance company
             Manulife Chinabank Life Assurance Corporation                          Makati City, Philippines   Life insurance company
              (60%)
          PT Asuransi Jiwa Manulife Indonesia                                         Jakarta, Indonesia       Life insurance company
             PT Manulife Aset Manajemen Indonesia                                     Jakarta, Indonesia       Investment management and investment advisor
          Manulife TEDA Fund Management Co., Ltd                                        Beijing, China         Mutual fund company in China
     Manulife Investment Management (Europe) Limited                     $ 34          London, England         Investment management company for Manulife
                                                                                                               Financial’s international funds
     Manulife Assurance Company of Canada                                $ 64          Toronto, Canada         Life insurance company
     EIS Services (Bermuda) Limited                                     $ 902         Hamilton, Bermuda        Investment holding company
     Berkshire Insurance Services Inc.                                  $ 1,868        Toronto, Canada         Investment holding company
       JH Investments (Delaware) LLC                                                    Boston, U.S.A.         Investment holding company
     Manulife Securities Incorporated                                   $ 151          Oakville, Canada        Investment dealer
     Manulife Investment Management (North America) Limited              $ 4           Toronto, Canada         Investment advisor




214 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 23 Segregated Funds
The Company manages a number of segregated funds on behalf of policyholders. Policyholders are provided with the opportunity to invest
in different categories of segregated funds that respectively hold a range of underlying investments. The Company retains legal title to the
underlying investments; however, returns from these investments belong to the policyholders. Accordingly, the Company does not bear the
risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products. The “Risk Management and
Risk Factors” section of the Company’s 2022 MD&A provides information regarding the variable annuity and segregated fund guarantees.
The composition of net assets by categories of segregated funds was within the following ranges for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021.

                                                                                                                        Ranges in per cent
Type of fund                                                                                                              2022               2021
Money market funds                                                                                                   2% to 3%        2% to 3%
Fixed income funds                                                                                                 13% to 14%      14% to 15%
Balanced funds                                                                                                     22% to 23%      22% to 23%
Equity funds                                                                                                       61% to 62%      60% to 62%

Money market funds consist of investments that have a term to maturity of less than one year. Fixed income funds primarily consist of
investments in fixed grade income securities and may contain smaller investments in diversified equities or high-yield bonds. Relative to
fixed income funds, balanced funds consist of fixed income securities and a larger equity investment component. The types of equity funds
available to policyholders range from low volatility equity funds to aggressive equity funds. Equity funds invest in a varying mix of Canadian,
U.S. and global equities.
The underlying investments of the segregated funds consist of both individual securities and mutual funds (collectively “net assets”), some
of which may be structured entities. The carrying value and change in segregated funds net assets are as follows. Fair value related
information of segregated funds is disclosed in note 4(g).

Segregated funds net assets
As at December 31,                                                                                                        2022               2021
Investments at market value
   Cash and short-term securities                                                                                  $   4,280       $   3,955
   Debt securities                                                                                                    15,270          18,651
   Equities                                                                                                           15,499          16,844
   Mutual funds                                                                                                      308,707         354,882
   Other investments                                                                                                   4,293           4,613
Accrued investment income                                                                                              1,680           2,340
Other assets and liabilities, net                                                                                       (796)         (1,089)
Total segregated funds net assets                                                                                  $ 348,933       $ 400,196
Composition of segregated funds net assets
Held by policyholders                                                                                              $ 348,562       $ 399,788
Held by the Company                                                                                                      371             408
Total segregated funds net assets                                                                                  $ 348,933       $ 400,196


Changes in segregated funds net assets
For the years ended December 31,                                                                                          2022               2021
Net policyholder cash flows
Deposits from policyholders                                                                                        $    42,427     $    44,548
Net transfers to general fund                                                                                           (1,267)           (732)
Payments to policyholders                                                                                              (46,333)        (52,182)
                                                                                                                        (5,173)         (8,366)
Investment related
Interest and dividends                                                                                                  21,900          24,092
Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses)                                                                  (78,017)         21,549
                                                                                                                       (56,117)         45,641
Other
Management and administration fees                                                                                    (3,886)         (4,115)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                           13,913            (773)
                                                                                                                      10,027          (4,888)
Net additions (deductions)                                                                                           (51,263)         32,387
Segregated funds net assets, beginning of year                                                                       400,196         367,809
Segregated funds net assets, end of year                                                                           $ 348,933       $ 400,196


                                                                                                                                               215
Segregated funds assets may be exposed to a variety of financial and other risks. These risks are primarily mitigated by investment
guidelines that are actively monitored by professional and experienced portfolio advisors. The Company is not exposed to these risks
beyond the liabilities related to the guarantees associated with certain variable life and annuity products included in segregated funds.
Accordingly, the Company’s exposure to loss from segregated fund products is limited to the value of these guarantees.

These guarantees are recorded within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities. Assets supporting these guarantees are recognized in
invested assets according to their investment type.


Note 24 Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and
SignatureNotes Issued or Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in accordance with IFRS, and the related disclosure have been
included in these Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to JHUSA in compliance with Regulation S-X and Rule 12h-5 of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). These financial statements are incorporated by reference in certain of
the MFC and its subsidiaries registration statements that are described below and relate to MFC’s guarantee of certain securities to be
issued by its subsidiaries.

JHUSA maintains a book of deferred annuity contracts that feature a market value adjustment, some of which are registered with the
Commission. The deferred annuity contracts may contain variable investment options along with fixed investment period options, or may
offer only fixed investment period options. The fixed investment period options enable the participant to invest fixed amounts of money for
fixed terms at fixed interest rates, subject to a market value adjustment if the participant desires to terminate a fixed investment period
before its maturity date. The annuity contract provides for the market value adjustment to keep the parties whole with respect to the fixed
interest bargain for the entire fixed investment period. These fixed investment period options that contain a market value adjustment
feature are referred to as “MVAs”.

JHUSA has sold medium-term notes to retail investors under its SignatureNotes program.

Effective December 31, 2009, John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company (the “Variable Company”) and John Hancock Life Insurance
Company (the “Life Company”) merged with and into JHUSA. In connection with the mergers, JHUSA assumed the Variable Company’s
rights and obligations with respect to the MVAs issued by the Variable Company and the Life Company’s rights and obligations with respect
to the SignatureNotes issued by the Life Company.

MFC fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of JHUSA’s obligations under the MVAs and under the SignatureNotes (including
the MVAs and SignatureNotes assumed by JHUSA in the merger), and such MVAs and the SignatureNotes were registered with the
Commission. The SignatureNotes and MVAs assumed or issued by JHUSA are collectively referred to in this note as the “Guaranteed
Securities”. JHUSA is, and each of the Variable Company and the Life Company was, a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC.

MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities are unsecured obligations of MFC and are subordinated in right of payment to the prior
payment in full of all other obligations of MFC, except for other guarantees or obligations of MFC which by their terms are designated as
ranking equally in right of payment with or subordinate to MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities.

The laws of the State of New York govern MFC’s guarantees of the SignatureNotes issued or assumed by JHUSA and the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts govern MFC’s guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA. MFC has consented to the
jurisdiction of the courts of New York and Massachusetts. However, because a substantial portion of MFC’s assets are located outside the
United States, the assets of MFC located in the United States may not be sufficient to satisfy a judgment given by a federal or state court in
the United States to enforce the subordinate guarantees. In general, the federal laws of Canada and the laws of the Province of Ontario,
where MFC’s principal executive offices are located, permit an action to be brought in Ontario to enforce such a judgment provided that
such judgment is subsisting and unsatisfied for a fixed sum of money and not void or voidable in the United States and a Canadian court
will render a judgment against MFC in a certain dollar amount, expressed in Canadian dollars, subject to customary qualifications
regarding fraud, violations of public policy, laws limiting the enforcement of creditor’s rights and applicable statutes of limitations on
judgments. There is currently no public policy in effect in the Province of Ontario that would support avoiding the recognition and
enforcement in Ontario of a judgment of a New York or Massachusetts court on MFC’s guarantees of the SignatureNotes issued or
assumed by JHUSA or a Massachusetts court on guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA.

MFC is a holding company. MFC’s assets primarily consist of investments in its subsidiaries. MFC’s cash flows primarily consist of dividends
and interest payments from its operating subsidiaries, offset by expenses and shareholder dividends and MFC stock repurchases. As a
holding company, MFC’s ability to meet its cash requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts due under its guarantees,
substantially depends upon dividends from its operating subsidiaries.

These subsidiaries are subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in Canada, the United States and certain other countries, which
may limit their ability to pay dividends or make contributions or loans to MFC. For example, some of MFC’s subsidiaries are subject to
restrictions prescribed by the ICA on their ability to declare and pay dividends. The restrictions related to dividends imposed by the ICA are
described in note 13.

216 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In the United States, insurance laws in Michigan, New York, and Massachusetts, the jurisdictions in which certain of MFC’s U.S. insurance
company subsidiaries are domiciled, impose general limitations on the payment of dividends and other upstream distributions or loans by
these insurance subsidiaries. These limitations are described in note 13.
In Asia, the insurance laws of the jurisdictions in which MFC operates either provide for specific restrictions on the payment of dividends or
other distributions or loans by subsidiaries or impose solvency or other financial tests, which could affect the ability of subsidiaries to pay
dividends in certain circumstances.
There can be no assurance that any current or future regulatory restrictions in Canada, the United States or Asia will not impair MFC’s
ability to meet its cash requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts due under its guarantees.
The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in accordance with IFRS, reflects the effects of the mergers and is
provided in compliance with Regulation S-X and in accordance with Rule 12h-5 of the Commission.

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                MFC          JHUSA            Other    Consolidation   Consolidated
As at December 31, 2022                                                   (Guarantor)       (Issuer)    subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Assets
Invested assets                                                           $     63      $ 116,463      $ 297,996       $     (521)     $ 414,001
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries                                  67,209          8,819         22,053          (98,081)             –
Reinsurance assets                                                               –         61,511         12,137          (25,936)        47,712
Other assets                                                                   334          9,456         48,135          (19,259)        38,666
Segregated funds net assets                                                      –        173,417        177,361           (2,216)       348,562
Total assets                                                              $ 67,606      $ 369,666      $ 557,682       $ (146,013)     $ 848,941
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities                                            $      –      $ 156,205      $ 241,830       $  (26,630)     $ 371,405
Investment contract liabilities                                                  –          1,418          1,830                –          3,248
Other liabilities                                                              451         20,159         55,304          (18,923)        56,991
Long-term debt                                                               6,234              –              –                –          6,234
Capital instruments                                                          4,860            614            648                –          6,122
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                 –        173,417        177,361           (2,216)       348,562
Shareholders’ and other equity holders’ equity                              56,061         17,853         80,391          (98,244)        56,061
Participating policyholders’ equity                                              –              –         (1,346)               –         (1,346)
Non-controlling interests                                                        –              –          1,664                –          1,664
Total liabilities and equity                                              $ 67,606      $ 369,666      $ 557,682       $ (146,013)     $ 848,941


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                MFC          JHUSA            Other    Consolidation   Consolidated
As at December 31, 2021                                                   (Guarantor)       (Issuer)    subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Assets
Invested assets                                                           $     78      $ 116,705      $ 310,679       $     (364)     $ 427,098
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries                                  68,655          9,107         20,788          (98,550)             –
Reinsurance assets                                                               –         63,838         11,309          (30,568)        44,579
Other assets                                                                   211         18,085         49,956          (22,074)        46,178
Segregated funds net assets                                                      –        204,493        197,220           (1,925)       399,788
Total assets                                                              $ 68,944      $ 412,228      $ 589,952       $ (153,481)     $ 917,643
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities                                            $      –      $ 166,535      $ 257,044       $  (31,304)     $ 392,275
Investment contract liabilities                                                  –          1,227          1,890                –          3,117
Other liabilities                                                              899         21,806         50,836          (21,809)        51,732
Long-term debt                                                               4,882              –              –                –          4,882
Capital instruments                                                          4,755            579          1,646                –          6,980
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                 –        204,493        197,220           (1,925)       399,788
Shareholders’ and other equity holders’ equity                              58,408         17,588         80,855          (98,443)        58,408
Participating policyholders’ equity                                              –              –         (1,233)               –         (1,233)
Non-controlling interests                                                        –              –          1,694                –          1,694
Total liabilities and equity                                              $ 68,944      $ 412,228      $ 589,952       $ (153,481)     $ 917,643




                                                                                                                                                 217
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income
                                                                              MFC          JHUSA           Other    Consolidation     Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                    (Guarantor)       (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments              MFC
Revenue
Gross premiums                                                           $      –     $    7,924     $ 37,041       $         (863)    $ 44,102
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                    –         (2,561)      (4,662)                 974       (6,249)
Net premium income                                                              –          5,363       32,379                  111       37,853
Net investment income (loss)                                                  554         (9,714)     (19,446)              (1,264)     (29,870)
Other revenue                                                                 (36)           281        7,871                1,048        9,164
Total revenue                                                                 518         (4,070)      20,804                 (105)      17,147
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims                                                        –        (8,505)        (1,572)            778            (9,299)
Commissions, investment and general expenses                                  42         3,099        13,798           (1,034)          15,905
Other expenses                                                               440           264            939             151             1,794
Total contract benefits and expenses                                         482        (5,142)       13,165             (105)            8,400
Income (loss) before income taxes                                             36         1,072          7,639               –             8,747
Income tax (expense) recovery                                                 32           (23)        (1,574)              –            (1,565)
Income (loss) after income taxes                                              68         1,049          6,065               –             7,182
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                 7,226           997          2,046         (10,269)                –
Net income (loss)                                                        $ 7,294      $ 2,046        $ 8,111        $ (10,269)         $ 7,182
Net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                             $     –      $        –     $      (1)     $       –          $      (1)
   Participating policyholders                                                 –            (236)          125              –               (111)
   Shareholders and other equity holders                                   7,294           2,282         7,987        (10,269)             7,294
                                                                         $ 7,294      $    2,046     $   8,111      $ (10,269)         $   7,182


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income

                                                                              MFC          JHUSA           Other    Consolidation     Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                    (Guarantor)       (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments              MFC
Revenue
   Gross premiums                                                        $      –     $    7,782     $ 37,563           $ (1,001)      $ 44,344
   Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                 –         (3,243)      (3,031)               995         (5,279)
Net premium income                                                              –          4,539       34,532                 (6)        39,065
Net investment income (loss)                                                  530          3,779        8,440             (1,125)        11,624
Other revenue                                                                  33          2,042        9,605               (548)        11,132
Total revenue                                                                 563         10,360       52,577             (1,679)        61,821
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims                                                        –        6,478         28,467                 877        35,822
Commissions, investment and general expenses                                  12        3,451         14,419              (1,436)       16,446
Other expenses                                                               390          212           1,946             (1,120)         1,428
Total contract benefits and expenses                                         402       10,141         44,832              (1,679)       53,696
Income (loss) before income taxes                                            161          219           7,745                  –          8,125
Income tax (expense) recovery                                                (28)         115          (1,300)                 –         (1,213)
Income (loss) after income taxes                                             133          334           6,445                  –          6,912
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                 6,972        1,218           1,552             (9,742)             –
Net income (loss)                                                        $ 7,105      $ 1,552        $ 7,997            $ (9,742)      $ 6,912
Net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                             $     –      $        –     $     255          $      –       $     255
   Participating policyholders                                                 –              (4)         (448)                4            (448)
   Shareholders                                                            7,105           1,556         8,190            (9,746)          7,105
                                                                         $ 7,105      $    1,552     $   7,997          $ (9,742)      $   6,912




218 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                  MFC        JHUSA           Other    Consolidation   Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2022                                        (Guarantor)     (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)                                                            $ 7,294      $ 2,046      $ 8,111          $(10,269)       $ 7,182
Adjustments:
    Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries                        (7,226)        (997)       (2,046)           10,269             –
    Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities                           –      (20,032)      (13,381)                –       (33,413)
    Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities                          –           44            (3)                –            41
    (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance
        transactions                                                                 –      6,869         (6,710)                –          159
    Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                            –         46            (78)                –          (32)
    Other amortization                                                               9        125            404                 –          538
    Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets            (36)    15,150         32,156                 –       47,270
    Gain on U.S. variable annuity reinsurance transaction (pre-tax)                  –     (1,026)           (44)                –       (1,070)
    Gain on derecognition of Joint Venture interest during Manulife TEDA
        acquisition (pre-tax)                                                        –           –           (95)                –          (95)
    Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                         (33)        294           470                 –          731
    Stock option expense                                                             –          (3)            8                 –            5
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items              8       2,516        18,792                 –       21,316
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary                                         6,200         399           734            (7,333)           –
Cash decrease due to U.S. variable annuity reinsurance transaction                   –      (1,263)         (114)                –       (1,377)
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                    45       2,805        (5,054)                –       (2,204)
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                  6,253       4,457        14,358            (7,333)      17,735
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                     –      (28,798)      (82,970)                –    (111,768)
Disposals and repayments                                                            1       23,505        69,901                 –       93,407
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables                           –          (11)          (56)                –          (67)
Net cash increase (decrease) from sale (purchase) of subsidiary                     –            –          (182)                –         (182)
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries                                    (2,479)           –             –             2,479            –
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries                                 –           (1)            –                 1            –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                  –           19             –               (19)           –
Notes receivable from parent                                                        –            –           415              (415)           –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries                                                 46           (7)            –               (39)           –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                (2,432)      (5,293)      (12,892)            2,007      (18,610)
Financing activities
Issue of long-term debt, net                                                      946            –             –                 –           946
Redemption of capital instruments                                                   –            –        (1,000)                –        (1,000)
Secured borrowings                                                                  –            –           437                 –           437
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased           –            –          (551)                –          (551)
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net                                          –            –         1,703                 –         1,703
Lease payments                                                                      –           (5)         (115)                –          (120)
Shareholders’ dividends and other equity distributions                         (2,787)           –             –                 –        (2,787)
Common shares repurchased                                                      (1,884)           –             –                 –        (1,884)
Common shares issued, net                                                          23            –         2,479            (2,479)           23
Preferred shares and other equity issued, net                                     990            –             –                 –           990
Preferred shares redeemed, net                                                   (711)           –             –                 –          (711)
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests, net                –            –           (51)                –           (51)
Dividends paid to parent                                                            –         (734)       (6,599)            7,333             –
Capital contributions by parent                                                     –            –             1                (1)            –
Return of capital to parent                                                         –            –           (19)               19             –
Notes payable to parent                                                             –            –           (39)               39             –
Notes payable to subsidiaries                                                    (415)           –             –               415             –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                (3,838)        (739)       (3,754)            5,326        (3,005)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                (17)     (1,575)       (2,288)                –       (3,880)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities            2         225           358                 –          585
Balance, beginning of year                                                          78       3,565        18,287                 –       21,930
Balance, end of year                                                                63       2,215        16,357                 –       18,635
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                               78       4,087         18,429                 –       22,594
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                              –        (522)          (142)                –         (664)
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year                              78       3,565         18,287                 –       21,930
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                               63       2,614        16,476                  –       19,153
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                              –        (399)         (119)                 –         (518)
Net cash and short-term securities, end of year                              $     63     $ 2,215      $ 16,357         $        –      $18,635
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received                                                            $    512     $ 4,050      $ 8,732          $ (1,161)       $12,133
Interest paid                                                                     424         118        1,867            (1,161)         1,248
Income taxes paid                                                                   –         124        1,114                 –          1,238


                                                                                                                                                219
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                    MFC           JHUSA           Other    Consolidation   Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2021                                          (Guarantor)        (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)                                                             $ 7,105       $    1,552      $    7,997       $ (9,742)     $      6,912
Adjustments:
    Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries                           (6,972)        (1,218)        (1,552)          9,742               –
    Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities                              –           (562)        11,281               –          10,719
    Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities                             –             50             (6)              –              44
    (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance
        transactions                                                                  –          1,544            (790)               –            754
    Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                             –             57             124                –            181
    Other amortization                                                               16            124             389                –            529
    Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets              62          1,533           3,229                –          4,824
    Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                           34            190            (351)               –           (127)
    Stock option expense                                                              –             (2)             11                –              9
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items             245          3,268          20,332                –         23,845
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary                                          5,000            489             742           (6,231)             –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                    (22)           424          (1,092)               –           (690)
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                   5,223          4,181          19,982           (6,231)        23,155
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                        –        (31,746)        (89,219)             –         (120,965)
Disposals and repayments                                                               –         27,194          69,534              –           96,728
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables                              –           (202)             16              –             (186)
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries                                       (3,700)             –               –          3,700                –
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and businesses            –              –             (19)             –              (19)
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries                                    –             (1)              –              1                –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                     –              1               –             (1)               –
Notes receivable from parent                                                           –              –            (129)           129                –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries                                                   (13)             –               –             13                –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                   (3,713)        (4,754)        (19,817)         3,842          (24,442)
Financing activities
Redemption of long-term debt                                                      (1,250)             –               –               –          (1,250)
Redemption of capital instruments                                                   (468)             –            (350)              –            (818)
Secured borrowings                                                                     –              –              26               –              26
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased              –              –             186               –             186
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net                                             –              –            (164)              –            (164)
Lease payments                                                                         –             (7)           (117)              –            (124)
Shareholders’ dividends and other equity distributions                            (2,500)             –               –               –          (2,500)
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests, net                   –              –             (13)              –             (13)
Common shares issued, net                                                             51              –           3,700          (3,700)             51
Preferred shares and other equity issued, net                                      3,171              –               –               –           3,171
Preferred shares redeemed, net                                                      (612)             –               –               –            (612)
Dividends paid to parent                                                               –           (742)         (5,489)          6,231               –
Capital contributions by parent                                                        –              –               1              (1)              –
Return of capital to parent                                                            –              –              (1)              1               –
Notes payable to parent                                                                –              –              13             (13)              –
Notes payable to subsidiaries                                                        129              –               –            (129)              –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                   (1,479)          (749)         (2,208)          2,389          (2,047)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                  31          (1,322)        (2,043)               –         (3,334)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities             –             (20)          (299)               –           (319)
Balance, beginning of year                                                           47           4,907         20,629                –         25,583
Balance, end of year                                                                 78           3,565         18,287                –         21,930
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                 47          5,213          20,907                –         26,167
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                –           (306)           (278)               –           (584)
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year                                47          4,907          20,629                –         25,583
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                 78          4,087        18,429                  –      22,594
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                –           (522)         (142)                 –        (664)
Net cash and short-term securities, end of year                               $      78     $    3,565      $ 18,287         $        –    $ 21,930
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received                                                             $     499     $    4,112      $    7,847       $ (1,082)     $ 11,376
Interest paid                                                                       396             73           1,594         (1,082)          981
Income taxes paid (refund)                                                            –           (118)            689              –           571


220 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 25 Significant accounting policies in accordance with IFRS 9 and IFRS 17
As discussed in note 2 “Accounting and Reporting Changes”, the Company adopted IFRS 9 (“Financial Instruments”) and IFRS 17
(“Insurance Contracts”) as a replacement of IAS 39 and IFRS 4 effective January 1, 2023. The Consolidated Financial Statements starting
from January 1, 2023, and any required comparatives, will be prepared in accordance with the new standards. This note outlines the
Company’s accounting policies on invested assets, derivatives and hedging instruments that are in accordance with IFRS 9, as well as the
accounting policies on insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets that are in accordance with IFRS 17. Refer to note 2
for adoption impacts of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.

Invested assets
Invested assets are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at FVTPL, directly attributable transaction costs.
Invested assets that are considered financial instruments are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), fair
value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) or as amortized cost. The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial
recognition.
The classification of invested assets which are financial instruments depends on their contractual terms and the Company’s business
model for managing the assets.
The Company assesses the contractual terms of the assets to determine whether their contractual terms give rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Only debt instruments may have
SPPI cash flows. The most significant elements of interest within a lending arrangement are typically the consideration for the time value of
money and credit risk. To make the SPPI assessment, the Company applies judgment and considers relevant factors such as prepayment
and redemption rights, conversion features, and subordination of the instrument to other instruments of the issuer. Contractual terms that
introduce a more than de minimis exposure to risks of not collecting principal or interest would not meet the SPPI test.
Debt instruments which qualify as having SPPI cash flows are classified as amortized cost or FVOCI based on the business model under
which they are held. If held within a business model whose objective is to hold the assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, they are
classified as amortized cost. If held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling the assets, they are classified as FVOCI. In either case, the company may designate them as FVTPL in order to reduce accounting
mismatches with FVTPL liabilities they support. Debt instruments which fail the SPPI test are required to be measured at FVTPL. To identify
the business model financial assets are held within, considerations include the business purpose of the portfolio holding them, the risks
that are being managed and the business activities which manage the risks, the basis on which performance of the portfolio is being
evaluated, and the frequency and significance of sales activity within the portfolio.
Realized and unrealized gains and losses on debt instruments classified as FVTPL and realized gains and losses on debt instruments held
at amortized cost and FVOCI are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on FVOCI debt securities are
recorded in OCI, except for unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation which are included in income.
Investments in equity which are financial instruments are not subject to the SPPI test and are accounted for as FVTPL unless the option to
designate them as FVOCI is taken.
Valuation methods for the Company’s invested assets are described above in note 1(c). All fair value valuations are performed in
accordance with IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement”. Disclosure of financial instruments carried at fair value within the three levels of the
fair value hierarchy and disclosure of the fair value for financial instruments not carried at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position are presented in note 4. Fair value valuations are performed by the Company and by third-party service providers. When
third-party service providers are engaged, the Company performs a variety of procedures to corroborate pricing information. These
procedures may include, but are not limited to, inquiry and review of valuation techniques, inputs to the valuation and vendor controls
reports.
Cash and short-term securities comprise of cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits, and fixed income
securities held for meeting short-term cash commitments. Short-term securities are carried at fair value. Short-term securities are
comprised of investments due to mature within one year of the date of purchase. Commercial paper and discount notes are classified as
Level 2 because these securities are typically not actively traded. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are included in
other liabilities.
Debt securities are carried at fair value or amortized cost. Debt securities are generally valued by independent pricing vendors using
proprietary pricing models incorporating current market inputs for similar instruments with comparable terms and credit quality (matrix
pricing). The significant inputs include, but are not limited to, yield curves, credit risks and spreads, prepayment rates and volatility of
these inputs. These debt securities are classified as Level 2 but can be Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable.
Public equities are comprised of common and preferred equities and are carried at fair value. Public equities are generally classified as
Level 1, as fair values are normally based on quoted market prices. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on equities designated as
FVTPL are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities designated as FVOCI are


                                                                                                                                               221
recorded in OCI and are never reclassified to investment income. Upon sale of an FVOCI equity security, related AOCI is reclassified to
retained earnings. The Company’s risk management policies and procedures related to equities can be found in the denoted components
of the “Risk Management and Risk Factors” section of the MD&A.
Mortgages are classified as Level 3 for fair value purposes due to the lack of market observability of certain significant valuation inputs.
The Company accounts for insured and uninsured mortgage securitizations as secured financing transactions since the criteria for sale
accounting are not met. For these transactions, the Company continues to recognize the mortgages and records a liability in other
liabilities for the amounts owed at maturity. Interest income from these mortgages and interest expense on the borrowings are recorded
using the effective interest rate method.
Private placements, which include corporate loans for which there is no active market, are generally classified as Level 2 for fair value
disclosure purposes or as Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable.
Loans to Manulife Bank of Canada (“Manulife Bank” or “Bank”) clients are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 2 for fair
value disclosure purposes.
Interest income is recognized on debt securities, mortgages, private placements, policy loans and loans to Bank clients as it accrues and is
calculated using the effective interest rate (“EIR”) method. Premiums, discounts, and transaction costs are amortized over the life of the
underlying investment using the effective yield method for all debt securities as well as mortgages and private placements.
The Company records purchases and sales of invested assets on a trade date basis. Loans originated by the Company are recognized on a
settlement date basis.
Real estate consists of both own use and investment property. Own use property is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any
accumulated impairment losses, or at revalued amount which is the fair value as at the most recent revaluation date minus accumulated
amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of an asset less its residual value and
is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life ranging from 30 to 60 years. Impairment losses are recorded
in income to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. Own use property is classified as Level 3 for fair value
disclosure purposes. Own use real estate properties which are underlying items for insurance contracts with direct participating features
are measured at fair value as if they were investment properties, as permitted by IFRS 17.
An investment property is a property held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Investment properties are measured at
fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in income. Fair value of own use properties and investment properties is determined using
the same processes. Fair value for properties is determined using external appraisals that are based on the highest and best use of the
property. The valuation techniques include discounted cash flows, the direct capitalization method as well as comparable sales analysis
and include both observable and unobservable inputs. Inputs include existing and assumed tenancies, market data from recent
comparable transactions, future economic outlook and market risk assumptions, capitalization rates and internal rates of return.
Investment properties are classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.
When a property changes from own use to investment property, any gain or loss arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair value
at the date of transfer is recognized in OCI, to the extent that it is not reversing a previous impairment loss. Reversals of impairment losses
are recognized in income. When a property changes from investment property to own use, the property’s deemed cost for subsequent
accounting is its fair value as at the date of change in use.
Other invested assets include private equity investments and property investments held in infrastructure and timber, as well as in
agriculture and oil and gas sectors. Private equity investments are accounted for as associates or joint ventures using the equity method
(as described in note 1(d) above) or are classified as FVTPL and carried at fair value. Timber and agriculture properties are measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in income, except for buildings, equipment and bearer plants which are measured at amortized
cost. The fair value of other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques as described in note 4. Other invested
assets that are measured or disclosed at fair value are classified as Level 3.
Other invested assets also include investments in leveraged leases, which are accounted for using the equity method. The carrying value
under the equity method reflects the amortized cost of the lease receivable and related non-recourse debt using the effective yield method.

Expected Credit Loss Impairment
The expected credit loss (“ECL”) impairment allowance model applies to invested assets which are debt instruments and measured at
FVOCI or amortized cost. ECL allowances are measured under four probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios, which measure the
difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the
Company expects to receive, discounted at the original EIR. This process includes consideration of past events, current market conditions
and reasonable supportable information about future economic conditions. Forward-looking macroeconomic variables used within the
estimation models represent variables that are the most closely related with credit losses in the relevant portfolio.
The estimation and measurement of impairment losses requires significant judgment. These estimates are driven by many elements,
changes in which can result in different levels of allowances. Elements include the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash
flows, the Company’s criteria for assessing if there has been a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”), the selection of forward-looking

222 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
macroeconomic scenarios and their probability weights, the application of expert credit judgment in the development of the models, inputs
and, when applicable, overlay adjustments. It is the Company’s process to regularly review its models in the context of actual loss
experience and adjust when necessary. The Company has implemented formal policies, procedures, and controls over all significant
impairment processes.
The Company’s definitions of default and credit-impaired are based on quantitative and qualitative factors. A financial instrument is
considered to be in default when significant payments of interest, principal or fees are past due for more than 90 days, unless remedial
arrangements with the issuer are in place. A financial instrument may be credit impaired as a result of one or more loss events that
occurred after the date of initial recognition of the instrument and the loss event has a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows
of the instrument. This includes events that indicate or include: significant financial difficulty of the counterparty; a breach of contract; for
economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s financial difficulty, concessions are granted that would not otherwise be
considered; it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization; the disappearance of an
active market for that financial asset because of the counterparty’s financial difficulties; or the counterparty is considered to be in default
by any of the major rating agencies such as S&P, Moody’s and Fitch.
The ECL calculations include the following elements:
• Probability of default (“PD”), is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon.
• Loss given default (“LGD”), is an estimate of the loss arising on a future default. This is based on the difference between the contractual
  cash flows due and those that the Company expects to receive, including from collateral. It is based on credit default studies performed
  based on internal credit experience.
• Exposure at default (“EAD”), is an estimate of the exposure at a future default date, considering both the period of exposure and the
  amount of exposure at a given reporting date. The EADs are determined by modelling the range of possible exposure outcomes at
  various points in time, corresponding to the multiple economic scenarios. The probabilities are then assigned to each economic
  scenario based on the outcome of the models.
The Company measures ECLs using a three-stage approach:
• Stage 1 comprises all performing financial instruments that have not experienced an SICR since initial recognition. The determination of
  SICR varies by product and considers the relative change in the risk of default since origination. 12-month ECLs are recognized for all
  Stage 1 financial instruments.
• 12-month ECLs represent the portion of lifetime ECLs that result from default events possible within 12 months of the reporting date.
  These expected 12-month default probabilities are applied to a forecast EAD, multiplied by the expected LGD, and discounted by the
  original EIR. This calculation is made for each of four macroeconomic scenarios.
• Stage 2 comprises all performing financial instruments that have experienced an SICR since original recognition or have become 30
  days in arrears for principal or interest payments, whichever happens first. When assets move to Stage 2, full lifetime ECLs are
  recognized, which represent ECLs that result from all possible default events over the remaining lifetime of the financial instrument. The
  mechanics are consistent with Stage 1, except PDs and LGDs are estimated over the remaining lifetime of the instrument instead of over
  the coming year. In subsequent reporting periods, if the credit risk of a financial instrument improves such that there is no longer a
  SICR compared to credit risk at initial recognition, the financial instrument will migrate back to Stage 1 and 12-month ECLs will be
  recognized; and
• Stage 3 comprises financial instruments identified as credit-impaired. Similar to Stage 2 assets, full lifetime ECLs are recognized for
  Stage 3 financial instruments, but the PD is set at 100%. A Stage 3 ECL is calculated using the unpaid principal balance multiplied by
  LGD which reflects the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and its discounted expected future cash flows.
Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount for both Stage 1 and 2 exposures. Interest income on Stage 3 financial
instruments is determined by applying the EIR to the amortized cost of the instrument, which represents the gross carrying amount
adjusted for any credit loss allowance.
For Stage 1 and Stage 2 exposures, an ECL is generated for each individual exposure; however, the relevant parameters are modelled on a
collective basis with all collective parameters captured by the individual security level. The exposures are grouped into smaller
homogeneous portfolios, based on a combination of internal and external characteristics, such as origination details, balance history,
sector, geographic location, and credit history. Stage 3 ECLs are either individually or collectively assessed, depending on the nature of
the instrument and impairment.
In assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly, the risk of default occurring is compared over the remaining expected life from
the reporting date and as of the date of initial recognition. The assessment varies by product and risk segment. The assessment
incorporates internal credit risk ratings and a combination of security-specific and portfolio-level assessments, including the incorporation
of forward-looking macroeconomic data. The assessment of SICR considers both absolute and relative thresholds. If contractual payments
are more than 30 days past due, the credit risk is automatically deemed to have increased significantly since initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                              223
When estimating ECLs, the four probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios are considered. Economic forward-looking inputs include
stock price indices (“SPI”), unemployment rates (“UEs”), oil prices and the 7-10 year BBB US Corporate Index. Application of each input
varies by product. Depending on their usage in the models, macroeconomic inputs are projected at the country, province, or more granular
level. Each macroeconomic scenario used includes a projection of all relevant macroeconomic variables for a five-year period,
subsequently reverting to long-run averages. In order to achieve an unbiased estimate, economic data used in the models is supplied by an
external source. This information is compared to other publicly available forecasts, and the scenarios are assigned a probability weighting
based on statistical analysis and management judgment.
The inputs and models used for calculating ECLs may not always capture all characteristics of the market at the date of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Changes in the required ECL allowance are recorded in the provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Invested
assets are written off, either partially or in full, against the related allowance for credit losses when there is no realistic prospect of
recovery in respect of those amounts. This is considered a (partial) derecognition of the financial asset. In subsequent periods, any
recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the provision for credit losses.

Derivative and hedging instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to
manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market
prices, and to replicate permissible investments. Derivatives embedded in other financial instruments are separately recorded as
derivatives when their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host instrument, the terms of the
embedded derivative are the same as those of a standalone derivative and the host instrument itself is not recorded at FVTPL. Derivatives
which are separate financial instruments are recorded at fair value, and those with unrealized gains reported as derivative assets and those
with unrealized losses reported as derivative liabilities.
A determination is made for each derivative as to whether to apply hedge accounting. Where hedge accounting is not applied, changes in
the fair value of derivatives are recorded in investment income.
Where the Company has elected to apply hedge accounting, a hedging relationship is designated and documented at inception. Hedge
effectiveness is evaluated at inception and throughout the term of the hedge. Hedge accounting is only applied when the Company expects
that the risk management objective will be met and the hedging relationship will qualify for hedge accounting requirements both at
inception and throughout the hedging period. The assessment of hedge effectiveness is performed at the end of each reporting period
prospectively. When it is determined that the risk management objective is no longer met, a hedging relationship is no longer effective, or
the hedging instrument or the hedged item ceased to exist, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. In such cases, if
the derivatives are not sold or terminated, any subsequent changes in fair value of the derivatives are recognized in investment income.
For derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are recorded according to the nature of the risks being
hedged, as discussed below.
In a fair value hedging relationship, changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recorded in investment income, offsetting
changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, which would otherwise not be carried at fair value through profit
or loss. Hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in total investment results and arises from differences between changes in the fair values of
hedging instruments and hedged items. When hedge accounting is discontinued, the carrying value of the hedged item is no longer
adjusted and the cumulative fair value adjustments are amortized to total investment results over the remaining term of the hedged item
unless the hedged item ceased to exist, at which time the balance is recognized immediately in total investment results.
In a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in OCI while
the ineffective portion is recognized in total investment results. Gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) are
recognized in income during the same periods that the variability in the hedged cash flows or the hedged forecasted transactions are
recognized in income. The reclassifications from AOCI are made to total investment results, except for total return swaps that hedge stock-
based compensation awards, which are reclassified to general expenses.
Gains and losses on cash flow hedges in AOCI are reclassified immediately to total investment results when the hedged item ceased to
exist or the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur. When a hedge is discontinued, but the hedged forecasted transaction is
expected to occur, the amounts in AOCI are reclassified to total investment results in the periods during which variability in the cash flows
hedged or the hedged forecasted transaction is recognized in income.
In a net investment in foreign operations hedging relationship, gains and losses relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recorded
in OCI. Gains and losses in AOCI are recognized in income during the periods when gains or losses on the underlying hedged net
investment in foreign operations are recognized in income upon disposal of the foreign operation.




224 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets
Classification and separation of components
Most contracts issued by the Company are considered insurance, investment, or service contracts. Contracts under which the Company
accepts significant insurance risk from a policyholder are classified as insurance contracts in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A
contract is considered to have significant insurance risk if, and only if, an insured event could cause an insurer to pay additional amounts
that are significant in any single scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance. The additional amounts refer to the
present value of amounts that exceed those that would be payable if no insured event had occurred. Contracts held by the Company under
which it transfers significant insurance risk related to underlying insurance contracts to other parties are classified as reinsurance
contracts. Both insurance and reinsurance contracts are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”. Contracts under
which the Company does not accept significant insurance risk are either classified as investment contracts or considered service contracts
and are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” or IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”,
respectively.
Insurance contracts are classified as direct participation contracts or contracts without direct participation features based on specific
criteria. Insurance contracts with direct participation features are insurance contracts that are substantially investment-related service
contracts under which an entity promises an investment return based on underlying items. They are viewed as creating an obligation to pay
policyholders an amount that is equal to the fair value of the underlying items, less a variable fee for service.
At inception of insurance and reinsurance contracts, the Company analyses whether they contain the following components that should be
separated and accounted for under other IFRS standards: derivatives embedded within insurance contracts that are required to be
separated (IFRS 9); cash flows relating to distinct investment components (IFRS 9); and promises to transfer distinct goods or distinct non-
insurance services (IFRS 15). Investment components of an insurance (or reinsurance held) contract represent cash flows paid (received)
in all circumstances regardless of whether an insurance event has occurred or not. Investment components are distinct if they are not
interrelated with insurance component cash flows and if they could be issued on a standalone basis. The Company applies IFRS 17 to all
remaining components of the insurance and reinsurance contracts.
There are three measurement models that insurance contracts can be measured under: the variable fee approach (“VFA”), the general
measurement model (“GMM”) and the premium allocation approach (“PAA”). For insurance contracts with direct participation features
such as participating life insurance contracts, unit linked type contracts, and variable annuity contracts the Company applies the VFA
measurement model. For many group benefits contracts that have a one-year (or shorter) term of coverage, the Company generally applies
the PAA measurement model. For the remainder of the Company’s insurance contracts the GMM measurement model is applied.

Level of aggregation/unit of account
Insurance contracts are aggregated into portfolios of insurance contracts which are managed together and are subject to similar risks. The
Company has defined portfolios by considering various factors such as legal entities, measurement model, major product line and type of
insurance risk. The portfolios of insurance contracts are further grouped into annual cohorts and by expected profitability at inception into
one of three categories: onerous contracts, contracts with no significant risk of becoming onerous and other remaining contracts. Onerous
contracts are those contracts that at initial inception, the Company expects to generate net outflow, without considering investment
returns or the benefit of any reinsurance held.

Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
The Company includes in the measurement of a group of insurance contracts all future cash flows within the boundary of the contracts in
the group. Cash flows are within the boundary of an insurance contract if they arise from substantive rights and obligations that exist
during the reporting period and in which the Company can compel the policyholder to pay the premiums or has a substantive obligation to
provide services to the policyholder. A substantive obligation to provide services ends when:
• The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and as a result, can set a price or level of
  benefits that fully reflects those risks, or
• The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the contract and, as a
  result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio, and the pricing of the premiums up to the date when
  the risks are reassessed does not take into account the risks that relate to periods after the reassessment date.
The Company recognizes groups of insurance contracts that it issues from the earliest of the following:
• The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts,
• The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group is due or when the first payment is received if there is no due date, and
• For a group of onerous contracts, as soon as facts and circumstances indicate that the group is onerous.
Insurance contracts measured under the VFA and the GMM measurement model
At initial recognition, the Company measures a group of insurance contracts as the total of: (a) fulfilment cash flows, which comprise of
estimates of future cash flows, adjusted to reflect the time value of money and financial risks, and a risk adjustment for non-financial risk;
and (b) a contractual service margin (“CSM”), which represents the unearned profit the Company will recognize as it provides service under
the insurance contracts. For reinsurance contracts, the CSM represents the reinsurance gain or cost at initial recognition.

                                                                                                                                              225
In determining the fulfilment cash flows, the Company uses estimates and assumptions considering a range of scenarios which have
commercial substance and give a good representation of possible outcomes. The Company’s CSM is a component of the insurance asset
or liability for the group of insurance contracts and results in no income at initial recognition. The unit of account for CSM is on a group of
contracts basis consistent with the level of aggregation specified above. If the fulfilment cash flows are allocated to the group of insurance
contracts, any previously recognized insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising from the contracts at the date of initial
recognition in total are a net outflow, then the group of contracts is considered to be onerous. A loss from onerous insurance contracts is
recognized in profit and loss immediately. The Company establishes the groups at initial recognition and may add contracts to the groups
after the end of a reporting period, however, the Company does not reassess the composition of the groups subsequently.
In the subsequent periods, the carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for
remaining coverage (“LRC”) and the liability for incurred claims (“LIC”). The LRC comprises the fulfilment cash flows that relate to services
to be provided in the future and any remaining CSM at that date. The LIC comprises the fulfilment cash flows for incurred claims and
expenses that have not yet been paid. The fulfilment cash flows at the reporting dates are measured using the current estimates of
expected cash flows and current discount rates.
The carrying amount of CSM at end of the reporting period is adjusted to reflect the following changes under the GMM for contracts
without direct participation features: (a) effect of new contracts added to the group; (b) interest accreted on the carrying amount of CSM,
measured at locked-in rate; (c) effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; (d) changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to
future services (non-financial), except for loss component; and (e) recognition of insurance revenue for services provided in the year. The
CSM is recognized into insurance revenue over the duration of the group of insurance contracts based on the respective coverage units.
The locked-in discount rate is the weighted average of the rates applicable at the date of initial recognition of contracts that joined a group
over a 12-month period. The discount rate used for accretion of interest on the CSM is determined using the bottom-up approach.
The changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future services (non-financial) that adjust the CSM comprise of:
• Experience adjustments that arise from the difference between the premium receipts (and any related cash flows such as insurance
  acquisition cash flows and insurance premium taxes) and the expected amounts at the beginning of the period. Differences related to
  premiums received (or due) related to current or past services are recognized immediately in profit or loss while differences related to
  premiums received (or due) for future services are adjusted against the CSM.
• Changes in estimates of the present value of future cash flows in the LRC, except those relating to the time value of money and changes
  in financial risk that are recognized in profit or loss and OCI.
• Differences between any investment component expected to become payable in the period and the actual investment component that
  becomes payable in the period. Those differences are determined by comparing (i) the actual investment component that becomes
  payable in the period with (ii) the payment in the period that was expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income
  or expenses related to that expected payment before it becomes payable. The same applies to a policyholder loan that becomes
  repayable.
• Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that relate to future service.
A loss is created when there is an increase in fulfilment cash flows that exceeds the carrying amount of the CSM. Once a change in
fulfilment cash flows reduces CSM to nil, the excess establishes a loss which is recognized in profit and loss immediately. Any subsequent
decrease in the fulfilment cash flows will reverse the losses previously recognized in profit or loss. Any remaining loss will be released
based on a systematic allocation of subsequent changes relating to future service in the fulfilment cash flows (refer to Presentation and
Disclosure below).
For contracts with direct participation features under the VFA measurement model, the cash flows impacting policyholders and
shareholders are treated differently. The change in the policyholders’ share of the fair value of underlying items does not impact CSM. The
change in the effect of the time value of money and financial risk not arising from the underlying items, such as financial guarantees,
adjust the CSM. The change in fulfilment cash flows that do not vary with the return of underlying items and that do not relate to future
service does not impact CSM consistent with the GMM. In contrast, under the VFA measurement model, the change in the amount of
shareholders’ share of the fair value of underlying items does impact CSM, except to the extent that the Company has elected the risk
mitigation option. The Company uses derivatives, non-derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and
reinsurance contracts to mitigate the financial risk arising from interest rate guarantees in certain contracts with direct participation
features. Under the risk mitigation option, the Company recognizes changes in the shareholders’ share of the underlying items and the
changes in fulfilment cash flows in profit or loss or OCI instead of adjusting CSM. For groups of insurance contracts applying the VFA
measurement model, in addition to those conditions (both loss recognition and reversal) previously described for groups of contracts
applying the GMM, a loss in profit or loss is also recognized when declines in the shareholder’s share of fair value of underlying items
exceeds the carrying value of CSM. Any subsequent increase in the shareholder’s share of fair value of underlying items will reverse the
losses previously recognized in profit or loss.




226 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Reinsurance contracts measured under the GMM measurement model
The measurement of reinsurance contracts follows the same principles as the GMM, with the following exceptions or modifications
specified in this section below. Reinsurance contracts held and assumed cannot use the VFA measurement model.
The Company recognizes a group of reinsurance contracts held it has entered into from the earliest of the following:
• The beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts held. However, the Company delays the recognition of a
  group of reinsurance contracts held that provide proportionate coverage until the date when any underlying insurance contract is
  initially recognized, if that date is later than the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts held, and
• The date the Company recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts if the Company entered into the related
  reinsurance contract held in the group of reinsurance contracts held at or before that date.
At initial recognition, the Company recognizes any net gain or net cost as a CSM in the consolidated statement of financial position, with
some exceptions. If any net cost of obtaining a reinsurance contract relates to an insured event that occurred before initial recognition of
any insurance contract, it is recognized immediately in profit or loss. In addition, if the underlying insurance contracts are in an onerous
position, the Company is allowed to recognize a reinsurance gain immediately in profit or loss for the portion of claims that the Company
expects to recover from the reinsurance, if the reinsurance held was entered into prior to or at the same time as the onerous contract.
Consequently, a loss-recovery is created and adjusted for the group of reinsurance contracts. This determines the amounts that are
subsequently presented in profit or loss as reversals of recoveries of losses from the reinsurance contracts and are excluded from the
allocation of reinsurance premiums paid. The Company adjusts the loss-recovery to reflect changes in the loss of an onerous group of
underlying insurance contracts. The carrying amount of the loss-recovery must not exceed the portion of the carrying amount of the loss of
the onerous group of underlying insurance contracts that the Company expects to recover from the group of reinsurance contracts (refer
to Presentation and Disclosure below).
Measurement of reinsurance contract cash flows is consistent with the underlying insurance contracts, but with an adjustment for any risk
of non-performance by the reinsurer. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of risk being transferred by the Company to
the reinsurer.
Subsequently, the carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the asset for remaining
coverage and the asset for incurred claims. The asset for remaining coverage comprises: (a) the fulfilment cash flows that relate to
services that will be received under the contracts in future periods and (b) any remaining CSM at that date.
Insurance and reinsurance contracts measured under the PAA measurement model
The Company applies the PAA to all insurance contracts it issues and reinsurance contracts that it holds if the coverage period of the
contract is one year or less; or the coverage period is longer than one year and the measurement of the LRC for the contracts under the
PAA does not differ materially from the measurement that would be produced applying the GMM approach under possible future scenarios.
For insurance contracts, generally, the LRC is measured as the premium received at initial recognition minus any insurance acquisition
cash flows at that date. There is no allowance for time value of money as the premiums are received within one year of the coverage period.
Subsequently, the Company measures the carrying amount of the LRC at the end of each reporting period as: (a) the LRC balance at
beginning of the period; plus (b) premium received in the period; minus (c) directly attributable acquisition costs net of related
amortization (unless expensed as incurred); minus (d) amount recognized as insurance revenue for the period; minus (e) investment
component paid or transferred to the LIC. The amount recognized as insurance revenue for the period is typically based on the passage of
time. For the Company’s property and casualty reinsurance business, the expected pattern of release of risk during the coverage period
differs significantly from the passage of time and as such the amount recognized as insurance revenue is on the basis of the expected
timing of incurred service expenses.
Under the PAA measurement method, entities are permitted to either defer directly attributable acquisition costs to future periods for a
group of contracts that are one year or less, or recognize the costs in profit or loss as incurred. This election can be made at the level of
each group of insurance contracts. For most of the PAA products such as Canadian Group Benefit, some Canadian Affinity products, and
some Asia short-term individual and group products, the Company has elected to defer directly attributable acquisition costs to future
periods. Where directly attributable acquisition costs are deferred, insurance acquisition cash flows are allocated to the group of
insurance contracts, in which the Company expects to recover the acquisition costs. Insurance acquisition costs arising before the
recognition of the related group of contracts are recognized as an asset or contra insurance contract liability as part of the same portfolio
that the related group of contracts is expected to be included. When facts and circumstances indicate the asset maybe impaired, the
Company conducts impairment tests. If the asset is impaired, an impairment loss will be recognized in profit or loss.
If at any time during the coverage period, facts and circumstances indicate that a group of contracts is onerous, the Company will
recognize a loss in profit or loss and an increase in the LRC to the extent that the current estimate of the fulfilment cash flows that relate to
remaining coverage (including the risk adjustment for non-financial risk) exceed the carrying amount of the LRC.
The Company estimates the LIC as the fulfilment cash flows related to incurred claims. The Company does not adjust the future cash flows
for the time value of money, except when claims are expected to settle more than one year after the actual claim occurs.


                                                                                                                                             227
For reinsurance contracts held applying the PAA, the Company measures them on the same basis as insurance contracts that it issues,
adapted to reflect the features of reinsurance contracts held that differ from insurance contracts issued. If a loss-recovery is created for a
group of reinsurance contracts measured under the PAA, the Company adjusts the carrying amount of the asset for remaining coverage
instead of adjusting the CSM.

Derecognition of insurance contracts
The Company derecognizes insurance contracts when the rights and obligations relating to the contract are extinguished (i.e., discharged,
cancelled, or expired) or the contract is modified such that the modification results in a change in the measurement model, or the
applicable standard for measuring a component of the contract. In such cases, the Company derecognizes the initial contract and
recognizes the modified contract as a new contract.

Presentation and Disclosure
The Company presents the carrying amount of portfolios of insurance contracts that are in a net asset or liability position, and portfolios of
reinsurance contracts that are in a net asset or liability position separately in the consolidated statements of financial position.
The Company separately presents the insurance service results, which comprises of insurance revenue and insurance service expenses,
from investment results, which comprises of insurance finance income or expenses in the consolidated statements of income. The
standard allows the option on whether to disaggregate the changes in risk adjustment between insurance service results and insurance
finance income. The Company elected to disaggregate the change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk between the insurance service
expenses and insurance finance income or expenses.
The insurance revenue depicts the performance of insurance services and excludes investment components. For the GMM and the VFA
contracts, the insurance revenue represents the change in the LRC relating to services for which the Company expects to receive
consideration, comprising of: (a) expected claims and other insurance expenses; (b) changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk; (c)
release of CSM based on coverage units; and (d) portion of premiums that relate to recovering of insurance acquisition cash flows. For
contracts measured under the PAA, the insurance revenue for each period is the amount of expected premium receipts for providing
services in the period.
The insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts are recognized in profit or loss generally as they are incurred and
excludes repayment of investment components. The insurance service expenses comprise of: (a) incurred claims and other insurance
service expenses; (b) losses on onerous contracts and reversal of such losses; (c) adjustments to LIC; (d) amortization of insurance
acquisition cash flows; and (e) impairment losses on assets for insurance acquisition cash flows, if any, and reversals of such impairment
losses.
The amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows is equal to the recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows in insurance revenue for
contracts measured under the GMM. For contracts measured under the PAA with deferred acquisition cash flows, the Company amortizes
insurance acquisition cash flows over the duration of the group of insurance contracts based on the respective coverage units.
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts comprise of allocation of reinsurance premiums paid and the amounts expected to be recovered
from reinsurers. Reinsurance cash flows that are contingent on claims on the underlying contracts are treated as part of the claims
expected to be recovered from reinsurers, whereas reinsurance cash flows that are not contingent on claims on the underlying contracts
(for example, some types of ceding commissions) are treated as a reduction in reinsurance premiums paid. For reinsurance contracts
measured under the GMM, the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid represents the total of the changes in the asset for remaining
coverage that relate to services for which the Company expects to pay consideration. For reinsurance contracts measured under the PAA,
the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid is the amount of expected premium payments for receiving services in the period.
Insurance finance income or expenses comprise the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts arising from: (a)
the effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money; and (b) the effect of financial risk and changes in financial
risk.
The Company disaggregates insurance finance income or expenses on insurance contracts issued for most of its group of insurance
contracts measured under the GMM between profit or loss and OCI. The impact of changes in market interest rates on the value of the life
insurance and related reinsurance assets and liabilities are reflected in OCI in order to minimize accounting mismatches between the
accounting for insurance assets and liabilities and supporting financial assets. The impacts from differences between current period rates
and locked-in rates are presented in OCI.




228 | 2022 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company’s invested assets which are debt instruments (including bonds, private placements, mortgages, and loans) backing the
groups of insurance contracts measured under the GMM are predominantly measured at FVOCI. As a result, the effect of the time value of
money for the groups of insurance contracts and supporting fixed maturity assets are reflected in profit or loss and the effect of financial
risk and changes in financial risk is reflected in OCI.
The systematic allocation of expected total insurance finance income or expenses depends on whether changes in assumptions that relate
to financial risk have a substantial effect on the amount paid to the policyholder.
• For groups of insurance contracts for which changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk do not have a substantial effect on the
  amounts paid to the policyholder, the Company systematically allocates expected total insurance finance income or expenses over the
  duration of the group of contracts to profit or loss using discount rates determined on initial recognition of the group of contracts.
• For groups of insurance contracts for which changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk have a substantial effect on the
  amounts paid to the policyholders, the Company systematically allocates expected total insurance finance income or expenses over the
  duration of the group of contracts to profit or loss using an allocation that is based on the amounts credited in the period and expected
  to be credited in future periods for fulfilment cash flows, and using the discount rates determined on initial recognition of the group of
  contracts for contractual service margin.
In the event of transfer of a group of insurance contracts or derecognition of an insurance contract, the Company reclassifies any amounts
that were previously recognized in OCI to profit or loss as insurance income finance or expense. There are no changes in the basis of
disaggregation of insurance finance expenses between profit or loss and OCI in the period.
The Company groups contracts that are onerous at initial recognition separately from contracts in the same portfolio that are not onerous
at initial recognition. Groups that were not onerous at initial recognition can also subsequently become onerous if assumptions and
experience changes. The Company has established a loss component of the LRC for any onerous group representing the future losses
recognized.
A loss component represents a notional record of the losses attributable to each group of onerous insurance contracts (or contracts
profitable at inception that have become onerous). The loss component is released based on a systematic allocation of the subsequent
changes relating to future service in the fulfilment cash flows to: (i) the loss component; and (ii) the LRC excluding the loss component. The
loss component is also updated for subsequent changes relating to future service in estimates of the fulfilment cash flows and the risk
adjustment for non-financial risk. The systematic allocation of subsequent changes to the loss component results in the total amounts
allocated to the loss component being equal to zero by the end of the coverage period of a group of contracts (since the loss component
will have been occurred in the form of incurred claims). The Company uses the proportion on initial recognition to determine the
systematic allocation of subsequent changes in future cash flows between the loss component and the liability for remaining coverage
excluding the loss component.
For reinsurance contracts, when the Company recognizes a loss on initial recognition of an onerous group of underlying insurance
contracts or when further onerous underlying insurance contracts are added to a group, the Company establishes a loss-recovery
component of the asset for remaining coverage for a group of reinsurance contracts held representing the recovery of losses.
Where a loss component has been set up subsequent to initial recognition of a group of underlying insurance contracts, the portion of
income that has been recognized from related reinsurance contracts held is disclosed as a loss-recovery component.
Where a loss-recovery component has been set up at initial recognition or subsequently, the Company adjusts the loss-recovery
component to reflect changes in the loss component of an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts.
The carrying amount of the loss-recovery component must not exceed the portion of the carrying amount of the loss component of the
onerous group of underlying insurance contracts that the Company expects to recover from the group of reinsurance contracts. On this
basis, the loss-recovery component recognized at initial recognition is reduced to zero in line with reductions in the onerous group of
underlying insurance contracts and is nil when the loss component of the onerous group of underlying insurance contracts is nil.


Note 26 Comparatives
Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.




                                                                                                                                          229
