                    1. ITC in Xujiahui, Shanghai
                3      上海市徐家匯ITC
    1
        2           2. IFC in Central, Hong Kong
                      香港中環國際金融中心

                    3. ICC in West Kowloon, Hong Kong
                      香港西九龍環球貿易廣場

            5       4. High Speed Rail West Kowloon Terminus Development,
                       Hong Kong
4                     香港高鐵西九龍總站發展項目

                    5. Cullinan Sky in Kai Tak, Hong Kong
                      香港啟德天璽‧天
     Contents
 2   Board of Directors and Committees
 3   Financial Highlights and Corporate Information
 4   Chairman’s Statement
18   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
19   Consolidated Income Statement
20   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
21   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
22   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
23   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
25   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
42   Financial Review
48   Other Information




            Smartphone and tablet users can download PDF version via QR Code Reader



                Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       1
Board of Directors and Committees

              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                         Executive Directors   Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman & Managing Director)
                                               Wong Chik-wing, Mike (Deputy Managing Director)
                                               Lui Ting, Victor (Deputy Managing Director)
                                               Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
                                               Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
                                               Tung Chi-ho, Eric
                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
                                               Fung Sau-yim, Maureen
                                               Chan Hong-ki, Robert
                                               Kwok Ho-lai, Edward (Alternate Director to Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)
                    Non-Executive Directors    Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
      Independent Non-Executive Directors      Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Wong Yue-chim, Richard
                                               Li Ka-cheung, Eric
                                               Fung Kwok-lun, William
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret
                                               Fan Hung-ling, Henry


                             COMMITTEES
                       Executive Committee     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Wong Chik-wing, Mike
                                               Lui Ting, Victor
                                               Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
                                               Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
                                               Tung Chi-ho, Eric
                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
                                               Fung Sau-yim, Maureen
                                               Chan Hong-ki, Robert
                                               Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy
                                               Li Ching-kam, Frederick
                                               Lam Ka-keung, Henry
                                               Lo King-wai
    Audit and Risk Management Committee        Li Ka-cheung, Eric*
                                               Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               Wong Yue-chim, Richard
                  Remuneration Committee       Wong Yue-chim, Richard*
                                               Li Ka-cheung, Eric
                                               Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                     Nomination Committee      Wong Yue-chim, Richard*
                                               Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               *   Committee Chairman




2   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Highlights and Corporate Information

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
For the six months ended 31 December                                                        2024                2023          Change (%)

Financial Highlights (HK$ million)
Group Revenue                                                                            39,933               27,542                +45.0
Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders
  — Reported                                                                              7,523                9,145                -17.7
                 (1)
  — Underlying                                                                           10,463                8,906                +17.5
                         (2)
Gross rental income                                                                      12,280               12,454                 -1.4
                     (2)
Net rental income                                                                         9,004                9,326                 -3.5
Financial Information per Share (HK$)
Basic earnings per share for profit attributable to
  the Company’s shareholders
  — Reported                                                                                2.60                 3.16               -17.7
  — Underlying (1)                                                                          3.61                 3.07               +17.5
Interim dividend                                                                            0.95                 0.95                   –

Notes:
(1) Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders excluded the net effect of changes in the valuation of investment properties
(2) Including contributions from joint ventures and associates


CORPORATE INFORMATION
Company Secretary                           Share Registrar                                Principal Bankers
Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor               Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                              Services Limited                             Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Auditor                                     Shops 1712-1716                                  (Asia) Limited
                                            17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                    183 Queen’s Road East                            Corporation Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity           Wan Chai                                       Agricultural Bank of China Limited
  Auditors                                  Hong Kong                                      DBS Bank Ltd.
                                                                                           Bank of Communications (Hong Kong)
Registered Office                           Solicitors                                       Limited
                                                                                           Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
45th Floor, Sun Hung Kai Centre             Woo Kwan Lee & Lo                                Limited
30 Harbour Road                             Johnson Stokes & Master                        MUFG Bank, Ltd
Hong Kong                                   Sit, Fung, Kwong & Shum                        Hang Seng Bank Limited
Telephone     : (852) 2827 8111
                                                                                           China Construction Bank (Asia)
Facsimile     : (852) 2827 2862
                                                                                             Corporation Limited
Website       : www.shkp.com
E-mail        : shkp@shkp.com

CHOICE OF LANGUAGE OR MEANS OF RECEIPT OF CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS
This interim report is now available in printed form in English and in Chinese, and on the website of the Company.

If (i) shareholders, who have received or chosen to receive or are deemed to have consented to receive this interim
report by electronic means, wish to receive printed copies; or (ii) shareholders for any reason have difficulty in receiving
or gaining access to this interim report on the Company’s website, they may obtain printed copies free of charge by
sending a written request to the Company c/o the Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, by post to 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong or by email at
shkp@computershare.com.hk.

For shareholders who wish to change their choice of language or means of receipt of the Company’s future corporate
communications free of charge, they may at any time notify the Company by giving reasonable notice (of not less than
7 days) in writing to the Company c/o the Share Registrar by post or by email or by completing and returning the
accompanying Reply Form.



                                                               Interim Report 2024/25        SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                3
Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.


RESULTS
The Group’s underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders for the six months ended 31 December
2024, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to HK$10,463 million, compared
to HK$8,906 million for the corresponding period last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$3.61, compared to
HK$3.07 for the same period last year.

Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company’s shareholders were HK$7,523 million
and HK$2.60 respectively, compared to HK$9,145 million and HK$3.16 for the corresponding period last year. The
reported profit for the period included a decrease in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and
non-controlling interests of HK$2,034 million, compared to an increase of HK$432 million for the same period last year.


DIVIDEND
The directors have declared an interim dividend payment of HK$0.95 per share for the six months ended 31 December
2024, the same as the corresponding period last year. The dividend will be payable on 20 March 2025.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Development Profit and Rental Income
Development Profit
For the period under review, the Group’s profit generated from property sales reached HK$2,506 million, as compared
to HK$2,040 million during the corresponding period last year. Contracted sales during the period totalled about
HK$25,500 million in attributable terms.

Rental Income
During the period, the Group’s gross rental income, including contributions from joint ventures and associates,
decreased by 1% year-on-year to HK$12,280 million, while net rental income decreased by 3% year-on-year to
HK$9,004 million.




4   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement

Property Business — Hong Kong
Land Bank
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s attributable land bank in Hong Kong amounted to about 56.9 million square
feet. Of these, about 37.6 million square feet were diversified completed properties, an overwhelming majority of
which were for rental and long-term investment purposes, contributing to the Group’s substantial recurring income.
Some 12.9 million square feet of the remainder were residential properties under development for sale, which will be
adequate to meet the Group’s development needs over the medium term.

During the period under review, the Group added two residential sites with a total gross floor area of about 465,000 square
feet to its land bank. Details of the additions are shown in the table below.


Location                                                      Usage                       Group’s            Attributable
                                                                                          Interest       Gross Floor Area
                                                                                              (%)           (square feet)
Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 307, Fanling North           Residential/Shops                100                  308,000
Sha Tin Town Lot No. 623, Siu Lek Yuen, Sha Tin               Residential                      100                  157,000
Total                                                                                                               465,000


Adhering to its prudent financial discipline in land bank replenishment, the Group acquired two residential sites
through public tenders subsequent to the end of the review period. In January 2025, the Group won the tender for a
site comprising a total gross floor area of 194,000 square feet in Tai Wai. Boasting tranquillity in a mature community
with easy access to public transport and neighbourhood facilities, the site will be developed into a residential
development, providing mainly small- and medium-sized units to meet end-user demand. In February 2025, the Group
also acquired a harbourfront site located at Tung Chung New Town Extension. Served by the future MTR Tung Chung
East Station, the site offers panoramic sea view and design flexibility. It will be developed into a residential project with
a total gross floor area of about 401,000 square feet, which together with the planned facilities and amenities in the
vicinity will form a new and vibrant community. These additions have brought the Group’s land bank to 57.5 million
square feet.

Property Development
Driven by lower mortgage interest rates and relaxation of mortgage rules in the second half of 2024, Hong Kong’s
primary residential market saw solid activity despite a soft domestic economic environment and keen competition.
Supported by a continued inflow of talent and students, residential rents have remained resilient, reflecting solid end-
user demand for housing.

In Hong Kong, the Group achieved contracted sales of about HK$24,800 million in attributable terms during the
period. Major contributors included Cullinan Sky Phase 1 in Kai Tak, Victoria Harbour Phase 2B in North Point, The
YOHO Hub II in Yuen Long and NOVO LAND Phase 3B in Tuen Mun. The remaining units from various completed
properties such as St Michel in Sha Tin and Dynasty Court in Mid-levels Central continued to receive positive
market response.




                                                       Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED          5
Chairman’s Statement
Guided by its Building Homes with Heart philosophy, the Group continued to demonstrate its commitment to deliver
premium quality and customer-centric developments while upholding its reputation as a trusted brand. Through its
property management operations and SHKP Club, the Group maintains effective two-way communication with
customers, enabling it to closely monitor market trends and understand customer expectations so as to better serve
their evolving needs. Attaching great importance to blending nature and wellness elements into its projects, the Group
successfully integrates green and smart technologies into the daily lives of residents to elevate its customer services and
enhance convenience for residents.

Scheduled for completion in phases over a number of years, the Group’s upcoming Sai Sha project demonstrates its
commitment to creating vibrant communities through meticulous long-term planning, which encompasses the
strengthening of transport connectivity and the incorporation of innovative, family- and pet-friendly development
concepts. Surrounded by scenic mountains and the sea, the residential portion of the development is complemented
by the GO PARK Sai Sha, a 1.3 million-square-foot sports-and-commercial complex. Featuring comprehensive facilities
that incorporate smart technologies, the project is expected to cater to the different lifestyles of residents of all ages.

Two projects in Hong Kong with an attributable gross floor area of about 852,000 square feet were ready for
handover during the period, an overwhelming majority of which were residential properties for sale. Project details are
shown in the table below.


Project                      Location                        Usage                      Group’s             Attributable
                                                                                        Interest        Gross Floor Area
                                                                                            (%)            (square feet)
YOHO WEST Phase 1            1 Tin Yan Road,                 Residential/Shops                 JV                 748,000
                             Tin Shui Wai
Grand Jeté Phase 2           170 Castle Peak Road,           Residential                    59.1                  104,000
                             Tai Lam, Tuen Mun
Total                                                                                                             852,000


An approximate 1.8 million square feet of attributable gross floor area are scheduled for completion in the second half
of this financial year, including about 1.3 million square feet of residential premises for sale. The remaining 0.5 million
square feet are retail space to be retained for rental and long-term investment.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s contracted sales yet to be recognized in Hong Kong amounted to HK$30,400 million,
of which about HK$20,200 million is expected to be recognized in the second half of this financial year. Most of the
related sales proceeds will be received when the respective units are delivered.




6   Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
Property Investment
During the period under review, the Group’s property investment portfolio in Hong Kong continued to provide a
sizable and stable recurring income to the Group. Gross rental income, including contributions from joint ventures and
associates, registered a modest decrease of 1% year-on-year to HK$8,813 million while overall occupancy of the
portfolio remained satisfactory.

The uncertain economic outlook and the strength of the Hong Kong dollar have affected consumer sentiments. These
factors, along with changing consumption habits, have posed challenges to the local retail market. Nevertheless, driven
by various mega events and favourable policies, including the resumption and expansion of the multiple-entry
Individual Visit Scheme for Shenzhen residents, the foot traffic at malls has shown signs of improvement over the past
few months. During the period, the rental performance of the Group’s retail portfolio was resilient with overall
occupancy remaining at around 93%.

Bolstering the competitive edge of the Group’s malls remained a key strategy to stay at the forefront of the changing
operating environment. Riding on its well-established retail network and reputation, the Group has stepped up its
efforts to attract mainland and overseas brands to open their debut stores in its malls across populous districts. In
addition, the Group’s seasoned leasing teams regularly refined the malls’ tenant mix and store layouts, enriching their
offerings and diversity to meet evolving consumer preferences. Creative and interactive marketing initiatives, ranging
from busking to pyrotechnics, have been rolled out periodically in collaboration with tenants to drive footfall and sales.

Adapting to the latest market trends, the Group continued to upgrade and reconfigure its properties and enhance
service quality. Apart from pet- and family-friendly areas, the malls have introduced additional leisure space and
recreational facilities to enrich the experiences of visitors. At New Town Plaza in Sha Tin, Chill Park, a brand new
outdoor space with garden trails, was opened in September 2024. A revamp of the mall’s outdoor space on the
seventh floor is scheduled for completion in mid-2025, offering additional green and interactive elements.

While promotion campaigns targeting tourists have been rolled out at various malls, the Group leveraged The Point,
the integrated loyalty programme for SHKP malls, to enhance shoppers’ experiences for attracting tourists and
retaining local customers. Spending by loyal members remained resilient in the evolving retail sector, while the
successful launch of Instant Point Earn has driven members’ spending and boosted sales. During the period, The Point
mobile app was upgraded with a new interface for easy access to tenant promotions and latest information based on
members’ spending and preferences. A VIP programme has recently been launched to reward premium members with
a range of exclusive privileges, including EV charging booking, extra parking hours and bonus points, and a soon-to-
be-launched VIP lounge. In addition, The Point continued to leverage the Group’s hotels and other business arms to
enrich its member privileges and customer experience.

The office leasing market in Hong Kong remained under pressure in light of a sluggish economic outlook and weak
demand. While new supply in core business districts continued to weigh on office rents, the current demand-supply
imbalance is expected to improve over the medium term. Nevertheless, the Group’s office portfolio maintained an
average occupancy of about 90% during the period.

Known for its high green-building standards and professional property management, the Group’s premium office
portfolio remained competitive under the trend of flight-to-quality. The Group’s grade-A offices in prime locations,
such as IFC in Central and ICC in West Kowloon continued to be ideal upgrading options for financial institutions and
government-related bodies. In spite of ample new supply in the district, the Millennium City office cluster in Kowloon
East maintained relatively stable occupancy. To bolster the key strength of its office portfolio, the Group will continue
to elevate the building quality and green-building standards through upgrades.




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED         7
Chairman’s Statement
Tapping the growing accommodation demand from young professionals and incoming talent, TOWNPLACE WEST
KOWLOON, which offers both short- and long-stay leasing options, registered encouraging occupancy. Riding on the
same trend, Vega Suites in Tseung Kwan O is upgrading part of its serviced suites in phases with target completion in
early 2026. The Group will further review its existing property rental portfolio and enhance its value and rental
contribution via asset enhancements and the incorporation of new-to-market concepts.

Looking ahead, the Group’s recurrent income base will be further strengthened as more investment properties come
on stream in the next two to three years. The first phase of the 500,000-square-foot shopping mall beneath The
Millennity in Kwun Tong will open in the second quarter of 2025. Pre-leasing is progressing well. A selection of
speciality restaurants and shops, including those with experiential elements, will be available in the mall upon its full
opening. The new mall is expected to synergize with the Group’s APM mall and the Millennium City office cluster in
the vicinity. In addition, Cullinan Sky Mall, the 220,000-square-foot retail podium connected to MTR Kai Tak Station, is
scheduled to open in phases beginning in the second half of 2025.

Another key project under development, the High Speed Rail West Kowloon Terminus Development, comprises
grade-A offices and premium retail space atop the city’s only high-speed rail station and with easy access to the Airport
Express and MTR lines. The Group is dedicated to differentiating itself in the market through the incorporation of new
and sustainable designs in its landmark projects. Putting this idea into practice, the Group incorporated plenty of
greenery and human-centric designs that promote wellness and a comfortable working and leisure environment in the
project, which was named the World’s Best Real Estate Development in Euromoney ’s Real Estate Awards 2024 in
recognition of its excellence. Leveraging its unrivalled transport connectivity and top-notch sustainable building
features, the project’s office portion International Gateway Centre (IGC) has attracted multinational financial
institutions as its key tenants. Construction is progressing on schedule, with target handover starting in early 2026. The
603,000-square-foot shopping mall beneath IGC will introduce high-end retail and dining options.

In the vicinity of IGC, the Artist Square Towers Project in the West Kowloon Cultural District will provide premium
office space that serves diverse industries, including cultural and creative organizations. The superstructure work of the
project has begun. These two West Kowloon projects under construction are expected to complement the Group’s
well-established ICC upon their completion, forming a unique and green commercial hub in the Greater Bay Area.


Property Business — Mainland
Land Bank
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total attributable land bank on the mainland stood at about 66.4 million square
feet, of which about 21.2 million square feet were completed properties mostly held for rental and long-term
investment purposes. A vast majority of these are premium integrated projects located in core business hubs in first-tier
and leading second-tier cities, particularly favoured by a discerning clientele.

In addition, the Group held about 45.2 million square feet of properties under development on the mainland, of which
over 50% will be developed into quality residential units and office space for sale. The Group will focus on developing
its existing projects on the mainland while dedicating itself to enhancing quality and services to captivate the hearts of
customers in a challenging market.




8   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
Property Development
Since late September 2024, the Central Government has unveiled an array of proactive initiatives for bolstering
demand from end users and upgraders while stabilizing buyer confidence in the real estate sector. Amid a benign
mortgage environment, these policies including the easing of purchase restrictions and tax cuts on transactions of
large homes have sparked a recovery in home sales, particularly in first-tier cities.

The Group achieved attributable contracted sales of over RMB660 million on the mainland during the period, of which
key contributors included the quality residential units at Forest Park of Guangzhou South Station ICC, Park Royale in
Guangzhou and a joint-venture project Oriental Bund in Foshan. In January 2025, the Group launched the first batch
of the second phase of Lake Genève in Suzhou with encouraging sales response.

During the period, the Group completed a total attributable gross floor area of about 540,000 square feet on the
mainland. Project details are shown in the table below.


Project                     Location                         Usage                      Group’s             Attributable
                                                                                        Interest        Gross Floor Area
                                                                                            (%)            (square feet)
Park Royale Phase 3A        Huadu, Guangzhou                 Residential                     100                  477,000
Oriental Bund Phase 6B(i)   Chancheng, Foshan                Residential                      50                   63,000
Total                                                                                                             540,000


In the second half of the current financial year, the Group plans to complete a total gross floor area of about 1.7 million
square feet in attributable terms on the mainland, including the premium riverside residences at Phase 3 of
Shanghai Arch that boast stunning views of the Bund in Shanghai.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s contracted sales yet to be recognized on the mainland reached RMB12,500 million,
of which about RMB7,800 million is expected to be recognized in the second half of this financial year.

Property Investment
During the period under review, the Group’s gross rental income from its rental portfolio on the mainland, including
contributions from joint ventures and associates, decreased by 2% year-on-year to RMB2,847 million. The mild decrease
was mainly due to a decline in turnover rent of its retail portfolio.

With stimulating domestic consumption being considered a top priority for further boosting the economy, various
stimulus measures such as trade-in programmes and consumption vouchers have been introduced on the mainland.
Market sentiment in the retail sector gradually improved in recent months, although domestic demand had been
affected by growing outbound travel and economic headwinds in the third quarter of 2024. Shanghai IFC Mall, the
Group’s flagship mall in Pudong, Shanghai, maintained its market leadership through its unique positioning as a
sophisticated multi-purpose destination. The mall’s strategic blend of internationally acclaimed brands and expansion
of all-day dining continued to attract professionals and the young generation. Leveraging its comprehensive tenant mix
and attractive loyalty programme, the mall will demonstrate its resilience despite keen competition.




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED         9
Chairman’s Statement
To maintain its unique edge in the changing retail landscape, the Group adopted a proactive and multifaceted
approach to increase the attractiveness of its malls. Replicating the success of Shanghai IFC Mall, Nanjing IFC Mall held
its grand opening in July 2024, with a remarkable 30% of shops being debut stores in Nanjing. The mall continued to
enrich shopper experience, strengthening its distinctive positioning as the top shopping destination in Hexi CBD,
Nanjing and achieving high occupancy. As is the case with many of the Group’s malls on the mainland, these two IFC
malls constitute a part of integrated developments in prime locations, offering comprehensive shopping, dining and
entertainment to office workers, residents and tourists.

To sharpen their edge as leading hubs for trendy brands, IAPM in Shanghai and Beijing APM continued to enhance
their well-curated mix of premium brands and dining options. Pop-up stores featuring exclusive products were also
introduced to meet demand for retailtainment and maintain novelty for customers. Utilizing the green outdoor space
at various mall levels, Parc Central in Guangzhou organized a wide range of promotional events and experiential
activities throughout the year to entice tourists and locals. Recognizing a growing interest in unique and interactive
experiences, the Group’s different malls introduced additional privileges such as cycling tours in Shanghai and day
tours to Hong Kong to reward loyal customers and enhance customer engagement.

The fierce competition and uncertain external environment continued to dampen the office leasing market in first-tier
cities. The Group’s rental income from its office portfolio was unavoidably affected by reduced market rents during the
period. Nonetheless, the Group has made great efforts to enhance its portfolio’s attractiveness through ongoing asset
enhancement, professional property management, maintaining close relationships with tenants and offering them
tailored arrangements. These efforts, in addition to the portfolio’s strengths such as premium building quality, high
green building standards, convenient locations with great accessibility to public transportation and complementary
amenities within the same complexes, helped solidify the Group’s market position. During the period, occupancies of
grade-A offices at the Group’s Shanghai IFC, Shanghai ICC and the first two phases of ITC in Shanghai remained
satisfactory while Tower A of Three ITC achieved a committed occupancy of over 70%.

In 2025, the expected full completion of the final phase of ITC in Shanghai will mark another milestone of the Group’s
property investment business on the mainland. Comprising a total gross floor area of over five million square feet, the
remaining portion of Three ITC includes a flagship mall ITC Maison, an office skyscraper and a hotel Andaz Shanghai
ITC. Set to obtain the highest rating for both LEED and WELL certifications, this mega project is poised to become a
prime example of innovation and sustainable urban development in the city centre. The 370-metre-tall Tower B office
skyscraper will be the tallest building in Puxi upon completion. ITC Maison, scheduled to open in phases starting in
mid-2025, will not only house an extensive variety of shops including high-end retailers and renowned restaurants but
also bring in innovative retail formats and creative concepts. Designed with civic plazas, multiple pedestrian bridges
and an overhead glass canopy, the mall will be seamlessly connected with the different phases of ITC and its
surrounding community in Xujiahui, creating a vibrant community that integrates modern shopping, dining,
entertainment and social experiences.

Hangzhou IFC is an exciting integrated development under construction in Hangzhou’s Qianjiang New City CBD.
Comprising two adjacent riverside sites, the project has incorporated smart and green solutions that showcase the
Group’s commitment to innovation and sustainability. At the River West site, the superstructure of an office tower is
nearing completion, with marketing already commenced. Boasting modern architectural designs and breathtaking river
views, the tower is destined to be a desirable work location for businesses.




10   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement

Other Businesses
Hotels
The performance of the Hong Kong hotel industry, which had been affected by fierce competition for tourists from
other travel destinations, gradually picked up in the fourth quarter of 2024 amid an increase in mega events,
exhibitions and business summits. While the occupancy of the Group’s hotels in Hong Kong remained at a high level
throughout the period, the operating profit of the hotel business registered a decline due to increased operating costs
and additional costs incurred from new hotels that commenced operations on the mainland.

The Group’s hotel management has made considerable efforts to broaden its revenue base and seize new business
opportunities. For example, Royal Garden strengthened its off-site catering services with menus custom-made for
clients’ events. The hotel also boosted its banquet and wedding business through the use of its spectacular Sky
Garden. The Go Royal by SHKP loyalty programme continued to serve its members with different privileges and
offerings through its collaboration with The Point. During the period, both the number of Go Royal members and their
spending registered growth.

The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong delivered encouraging performance, partly driven by the expanded visa-free policy
for foreigners. The business of Andaz Nanjing Hexi at Nanjing IFC and Four Seasons Hotel Suzhou ramped up steadily,
with the latter gradually establishing itself as the leader of the high-end hotel market in Suzhou. Andaz Shanghai ITC
in Xujiahui, Shanghai, a premium hotel with over 250 hotel rooms that constitutes a part of the integrated project
Three ITC, is expected to open by the end of 2025.

Telecommunications and Information Technology
SmarTone
During the period under review, SmarTone demonstrated resilience despite a persistently competitive operating
environment and has grown in profitability and customer base. One of the key growth engines, the 5G Home Broadband,
has continued to perform well.

During the period, SmarTone completed the exit of its Macau operation and has refocused the company’s resources to
further strengthen its business in Hong Kong and invest for the long-term. In the recent spectrum auction, SmarTone
re-acquired the key 850MHz spectrum and acquired the 6/7GHz spectrum, continuing its commitment to deliver
superior network quality. On a per-user basis, SmarTone has the most spectrum vis-à-vis other operators in Hong Kong.

SmarTone is firmly committed to providing a world-class network for business customers and consumers, and has
become a trusted partner for mega events in Hong Kong. In October 2024, the company served as the official
technology partner of The World Games Series 2024 Hong Kong held in GO PARK Sai Sha, facilitating the event’s
communication and global live broadcast with its 5G Advanced network. The company is acutely aware of the
potential cyber threats to its networks and customers, and has invested substantial resources to ensure its network
safety. In December 2024, the company received the Platinum Award in the inaugural Cyber Security Staff Awareness
Recognition Scheme.

The Group is excited about SmarTone’s prospects and will continue to hold the company as a long-term investment for
Hong Kong’s critical digital infrastructure.




                                                     Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       11
Chairman’s Statement
SUNeVision
SUNeVision continued to show healthy growth during the period under review. Hyperscale cloud players are increasing
their deployment in Hong Kong to support their mission-critical applications, while financial institutions are also
investing to upgrade their use of data centre facilities to cope with digitization in business. The recent emergence of
DeepSeek signifies a new phase of artificial intelligence (AI) development. The cost of using large language models has
come down drastically, which will encourage the development of more AI applications and in turn more enterprise
adoption. Boasting data centres well-suited for housing AI applications due to their locations and superior
infrastructure, SUNeVision is poised to benefit from the development of related AI technologies. This trend will likely
further accelerate over the next two to three years.

Phase 1 of MEGA IDC, a state-of-the-art data centre in Tseung Kwan O, has opened in the first half of 2024.
Developed on a greenfield site, the data centre has been equipped with first-grade infrastructure and abundant power
supply that can cater to the latest customer demand. The first batch of customers has moved in while pipeline orders
are building up as planned.

Given the high interest rate environment and volatile economic situation, SUNeVision continues to exercise the highest
level of cost discipline towards all capital and operating expenditure in order to achieve the best return on capital
deployed for shareholders.

Following SUNeVision’s win of the judicial review case against the Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks
Corporation (HKSTP) in 2022, HKSTP, as a statutory body, has yet to publicly disclose how it addressed illegal subletting
by data centre operators comprehensively and effectively. SUNeVision demands that HKSTP act immediately and
transparently in publicly disclosing its respective actions as they are essential for the long-term advancement of Hong
Kong’s innovation sector.

Infrastructure and Other Businesses
During the period under review, the performance of the Group’s infrastructure and transport businesses in Hong Kong
remained resilient. The parking and tunnel management businesses of Wilson Group have delivered stable results.
Route 3 (CPS) maintained steady profit but its traffic was still well below pre-pandemic levels. The Route 3 franchise
will expire in May 2025. Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre, the franchise of which has been extended to 2043, is
undertaking a major revamp of the terminal and targets to soft launch in the second half of 2025. The Group is
confident that the revamped facility will be considered as one of the best private jet airports in the world. The Airport
Freight Forwarding Centre (AFFC) has also confirmed an extension of rights and lease until 2043. This facility too will
undergo a holistic upgrade in 2025 to substantially improve its infrastructure and productivity. Despite industry-wide
challenges for the container-handling business in Hong Kong, the River Trade Terminal maintained its profitability with
stringent cost control.

YATA responds to the latest changes in the retail market with agility and offerings tailored to customer preferences.
The company has reassigned space that had become less popular with customers, such as department store, to
offerings and products that excite customers, such as fresh produce, wine and wellness. The flagship store in Sha Tin is
currently undergoing a major revamp to offer a new experience to customers. The store will bring in new vendors of
unique and intriguing products from Japan, as well as new eateries from Japan and other parts of Asia. The ultimate
goal is for customers to discover high-quality products and eateries at YATA, enhancing their shopping experience.




12   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement

Corporate Finance
The Group’s unwavering commitment to prudent financial management is essential for navigating potential economic
headwinds. The implementation of robust cash flow management practices and the maintenance of stable recurring
income have positioned the Group to effectively enhance its resilience against uncertainties. As of 31 December 2024,
the Group’s gearing ratio lowered to 17.8% while its interest coverage was maintained at a high level of 5.0 times.
With ample unsecured banking facilities on standby and abundant liquidity, the Group was affirmed an A+ rating
(negative outlook) by S&P and A1 rating (negative outlook) by Moody’s, the highest among Hong Kong real estate companies.

The Group remains committed to increasing the use of Renminbi-denominated debts to better align its assets and
liabilities denominated in Renminbi. In July 2024, the Group issued CNH700million 3-year bonds. In an effort to
diversify its funding sources, the Group issued the second series of RMB2,000 million commercial mortgage-backed
securities (CMBS) in August 2024 and achieved one of the lowest CMBS pricing of the year. The economic stimulus
policy package launched on the mainland in the second half of 2024 has helped stabilize the property market and
further eased the lending environment. The Group will continue to tap Renminbi-denominated debts at competitive
interest rates to support its projects in operation and under construction. This also helps lower the Group’s interest expenses.

As always, the Group has not engaged in any derivative transaction for speculative purposes. The Group has limited
exposure to foreign exchange risks, with a majority of the Group’s debts denominated in Hong Kong dollars. All US
dollar-denominated debts have been fully swapped into Hong Kong dollars. The remainder are primarily in Renminbi,
which serve as a natural hedge against the Group’s assets on the mainland.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
By prioritizing high standards of corporate governance, the Group not only protects the interests of its stakeholders
but also lays a strong foundation for sustainable growth and success. This commitment enhances the Group’s
credibility and resilience in a competitive marketplace.

The Board of Directors oversees the Group’s business directions, development, and sustainability plans, ensuring
alignment with its long-term goals. Comprising 18 members with diverse backgrounds, the Board brings a wealth of
professional and business experience. The diversity of the Board not only complements the Group’s strategies,
governance, and business operations but also enhances its overall effectiveness and adaptability. Having the Audit and
Risk Management, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees chaired by INEDs is a key component of the Group’s
governance framework. This enhances the Group’s governance, ensuring effective strategy execution and proactive
risk management. The Executive Committee plays a vital role in supporting the Board by formulating business policies,
making informed decisions, and exercising delegated authority.

The recognition the Group received from leading financial publications highlights its excellence in management,
corporate governance, and social responsibility. The Group won eight awards at the Real Estate Awards 2024
organised by Euromoney , including the highest recognition of the Best Real Estate Developer in Global, Asia Pacific,
China, and Hong Kong categories. The Group was also named the Best Overall Company in Hong Kong by FinanceAsia
in 2024.




                                                         Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED          13
Chairman’s Statement

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
The Group’s continued commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance has garnered wide
industry recognition. Its notable achievements included being named a constituent of the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia
Pacific Index for the second consecutive year, placing the Group among the top 20% of companies in the region for
sustainability practices. For the fifth year in a row, the Group ranked among the top three companies in the Hang Seng
Corporate Sustainability Index, maintaining the highest AAA rating.


Environment
The Group continues to make significant strides toward its 10-year environmental targets. Using the financial year of
2019/20 as the baseline, the Group has already achieved its goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions for key
commercial buildings by 25%, ahead of the 10-year schedule. Building on this progress, a new target has been set to
reduce such emissions by 35% by 2029/30, using the same baseline year.

As a strong advocate of renewable energy, the Group together with other joint-venture partners broke ground on
Hong Kong’s first privately funded solar farm on a landfill. To be operated by the joint-venture entity Green Valley
Landfill Limited (GVL) at the South East New Territories Landfill in Tseung Kwan O, the project will be completed in
2025 with the capacity of generating 1.2 million kWh of green electricity annually. The Group provides construction
support for the project and facilitates its subsidiary SUNeVision’s acquisition of CLP Power’s Renewable Energy
Certificates, which are fully linked to the solar power generated by the farm. This collaboration aims to create a closed-
loop ESG model that contributes to a greener future.

In response to the rising adoption of electric vehicles, the Group has doubled the number of super-fast EV chargers in
its malls to 80 throughout Hong Kong. This expansion enhances convenience for users and encourages the transition
from petrol to electric vehicles, benefitting society by reducing the carbon emissions and promoting environmental
sustainability.


Social
The Group is dedicated to enhancing community well-being. In alignment with the HKSAR Government’s initiatives to
foster a mega-event economy, SHKP organized and sponsored a series of events to revitalize the tourism and retail
sectors. The highlights included a two-month celebration marking the 40th anniversary of New Town Plaza in Sha Tin
featuring Hong Kong’s first shopping mall pyrotechnic show and various outdoor events near the Group’s malls,
including SOHO West and V Walk in West Kowloon as well as Harbour North in North Point.

In January 2025, the Group celebrated the grand opening of GO PARK Sai Sha, a landmark spanning 1.3 million
square feet designed for families, pet lovers and sports enthusiasts of all ages and interests. The complex, which
showcases both popular and emerging sports, also houses entertainment, dining, and recreational facilities. Since its
soft opening in mid-2024, it has partnered with different institutions and hosted various events, including the World
Games Series 2024 Hong Kong and The Community Chest New Territories Walk for Millions 2025.




14   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
The Group has actively supported the Government’s Strive and Rise Programme for two consecutive terms,
contributing donations and recruiting over 200 employees to serve as mentors each term. Different activities were
organized for the mentees, including a visit to GO PARK Sai Sha where they explored emerging sports and had an
opportunity to discover their personal interests and potential. The Group will continue its support for a third term.

Additionally, through its commitment to sports for charity, the Group continued for the seventh time its title and
charity sponsorship of the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong Cyclothon. Donations raised by participants in the
2024 event, along with additional contributions from the Group, will support two charitable organizations through
The Community Chest of Hong Kong, specifically for cancer-prevention services and assistance to cancer patients. The
Group also sponsored the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong 10K Championships and The Community Chest
Corporate Challenge to encourage public participation in running for good causes.

To promote reading and STEM education among the youth, the Group is sponsoring student visits to Hong Kong’s first
Base for Aerospace Science Education operated by a non-governmental organization. Furthermore, it sponsored a
study tour to Shenzhen for students, with the aim of strengthening ties between the neighbouring cities.

Phase 2 of Ma Wan Park, seamlessly integrating nature, cultural heritage, and art, is being launched in stages. This
new phase, featuring a campsite and an urban farm, will soon introduce art studios that offer hands-on experiences.
Together with catering outlets and Instagrammable spots, these offerings will make the park an attractive destination
for both locals and tourists.

To help address short-term public housing needs, the Group’s Yau Pok Road site in Yuen Long, which has been lent to
the Government for building 2,100 Light Public Housing units, is set to receive the first in-take of residents in the first
quarter of 2025.


PROSPECTS
The global economic environment in 2025 will likely face increasing uncertainties due to intensified geopolitical
tensions and unpredictable international trade policies. The lowered expectations for US rate cuts have dampened
business sentiment and curbed the growth of economic activity. Nevertheless, most central banks in major economies
have kick-started a rate-cutting cycle, which will be conducive to their economic recoveries.

The mainland economy is affected by a deteriorating external environment and a challenging internal market. While
promoting high-standard opening up to attract foreign investments, the Central Government has stepped up its efforts
to expand domestic demand and stabilize the real estate market through a series of stimulus measures and policies.
Further and stronger stimulus policies could help restore consumer confidence and boost domestic consumption,
favouring the recovery of the property market.




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        15
Chairman’s Statement
As a multitude of variables continue to affect the global environment, Hong Kong’s economic growth is expected to
be relatively slow. In the face of challenges, the city has initiated changes to consolidate its traditional strengths and
explore new growth areas for economic transformation. In a bid to build Hong Kong into an international hub for
high-calibre talent and a thriving megacity, population policies including the New Capital Investment Entrant Scheme
have been launched to proactively attract talent and capital. The reduced mortgage interest rates and solid leasing
demand will help sustain the housing market.

Over the past half-century, the Group’s longstanding strengths, including a strong commitment to quality and
excellence, customer-centric philosophy, trusted relationships with stakeholders and flexibility in moving with the
times, have helped the Group establish an excellent reputation in the market. With its solid financial position, sizeable
rental income base, strong leadership and execution teams, and time-tested strategies, the Group has laid a robust
foundation that enables it to navigate effectively through the evolving changes in the property market and the global
economy, consolidating its market leadership.

To maintain the Group’s competitive edge in a fast-evolving landscape, the Group will adhere to sound and prudent
financial management practices, which include maintaining a low gearing ratio and sizeable recurring income from its
rental portfolio and non-property businesses, as well as achieving high asset turnover for its property development
business. Without compromising quality, the Group will abide by strict cost discipline and focus on lowering its overall
construction capex in the coming few financial years.

The Group will harness the strength of its diversified property investment portfolio to maintain a stable and substantial
stream of recurrent income. To enhance the competitiveness of its rental portfolio, the Group has adopted a proactive
leasing approach, which includes asset enhancement initiatives and maintaining close relationships with tenants and
customers to meet ever-changing consumer preferences. In alignment with the national strategy of developing new
productive forces, innovative concepts and technologies are utilized to fulfil high green building standards and improve
efficiency, placing the Group’s properties in a leading market position as the flight-to-quality trend continues.

In the next two to three years, the completion of several new investment properties in Hong Kong will create new
sources of recurrent income for the Group. The shopping mall beneath the Millennity in Kwun Tong is scheduled to
open in phases from the second quarter of 2025, while Cullinan Sky Mall next to MTR Kai Tak Station is slated to open
from the second half of 2025. The IGC office towers atop the High Speed Rail West Kowloon Terminus will be ready
for handover starting in 2026. On the mainland, the remaining portion of Three ITC in Shanghai, encompassing an
office skyscraper Tower B, a flagship mall ITC Maison and the Andaz Shanghai ITC hotel, will be completed in stages
from the second half of 2025.




16   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
For property development, the Group will leverage its strengths in developing a sustainable community which
incorporates nature, green and wellness elements. The Sai Sha project exemplifies the Group’s dedication to seamlessly
integrating residential, sports, wellness, retail, and family- and pet-friendly components to cultivate a modern
community that caters to diverse lifestyles and preferences. The Group will continue with the timely sale of new
projects, unsold residential units from completed projects and selected non-core properties. In Hong Kong, the Group
plans to launch YOHO WEST PARKSIDE in Tin Shui Wai very soon. Over the next 10 months, major residential projects
scheduled to be put on the market will include the second phases of Cullinan Harbour and Cullinan Sky in Kai Tak, the
first phase of the Sai Sha development, namely SIERRA SEA, NOVO LAND Phase 3A in Tuen Mun and the first phase of
the residential project next to MTR Kwu Tung Station under construction. On the mainland, the Group plans to launch
new batches of joint-venture developments, such as Lake Genève in Suzhou, Hangzhou IFC, and Oriental Bund
in Foshan.

With unwavering support from the Central Government, Hong Kong will further leverage the unique advantages of
‘One Country Two Systems’ and embrace changes and challenges during its continuing economic transformation.
Supported by solid fundamentals including a low tax regime, sound common law system, free flow of capital,
well-functioning exchange-rate system and high adaptability, Hong Kong will endeavour to attract international
high-calibre talent whilst reinforcing its status as an international financial, trade and transportation centre. With full
confidence in the long-term prospects of the mainland and Hong Kong, the Group, upholding its belief in Building
Homes with Heart, will continue to support the city’s advancement by creating iconic landmarks and sustainable
communities that prioritize the quality of life for all residents.


DIRECTORS AND APPRECIATION
Mr. Albert Lau Tak-yeung retired as an Executive Director of the Company by rotation at the annual general meeting
of the Company held in November 2024. I thank him for his valuable contributions to the Group during his tenure
of service.

I would like to take this opportunity to convey my appreciation to our staff, whose experience, hard work and
dedication have been instrumental in the Group’s continued success during challenging times. I would also like to
express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to our shareholders and customers for their
continued support.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman & Managing Director

Hong Kong, 27 February 2025




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        17
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 19 to 41, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024 and the related consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated
statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and certain explanatory notes. The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these
condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 February 2025




18   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                                                       Six months ended
                                                                                          31 December

                                                                     Notes               2024              2023

Revenue                                                                  2              39,933          27,542
Direct costs                                                                           (24,414)        (13,724)
Other net income                                                         4                 704              390
Selling and marketing expenses                                                          (2,520)          (1,661)
Administrative expenses                                                                 (1,605)          (1,594)

Operating profit                                                                        12,098          10,953
Change in fair value of investment properties                                           (2,875)             13
Finance costs                                                                           (1,660)           (1,963)
Finance income                                                                             213               203
Net finance costs                                                        5              (1,447)           (1,760)
Share of results of:
  Associates                                                                                65              162
  Joint ventures                                                                         1,807            1,590
                                                                                         1,872            1,752

Profit before taxation                                                   6               9,648          10,958
Taxation                                                                 7              (1,807)          (1,485)

Profit for the period                                                                    7,841            9,473

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Company’s shareholders                                                                 7,523            9,145
  Non-controlling interests                                                                318              328

                                                                                         7,841            9,473

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Earnings per share based on profit attributable to
  the Company’s shareholders                                         8(a)
  (reported earnings per share)
  Basic and diluted                                                                      $2.60            $3.16


Earnings per share excluding the effect of change in
  fair value of investment properties net of deferred tax            8(b)
  (underlying earnings per share)
  Basic and diluted                                                                      $3.61            $3.07




                                                Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   19
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                   31 December

                                                                                 2024              2023
Profit for the period                                                            7,841             9,473

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Exchange difference on translation of mainland subsidiaries                       (864)            1,701

Cash flow hedge
 – fair value losses recognized directly through
      other comprehensive income                                                   (33)             (320)
 – fair value gains transferred to consolidated income statement                   (16)              (28)
                                                                                   (49)             (348)

Fair value gains of debt securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                         1                 2

Share of other comprehensive (losses)/income of associates and joint ventures     (193)             618

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

Fair value losses of equity securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                       (39)              (91)

Share of other comprehensive income of an associate                                52                17

Other comprehensive (losses)/income for the period                              (1,092)            1,899

Total comprehensive income for the period                                        6,749         11,372


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  Company’s shareholders                                                         6,440         11,002
  Non-controlling interests                                                        309            370

                                                                                 6,749         11,372




20   Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                              (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                             31 December           30 June
                                                                    Notes           2024             2024
Non-current assets
Investment properties                                                   10        410,527          408,424
Property, plant and equipment                                           11         50,249           50,190
Associates                                                                          8,055            7,954
Joint ventures                                                                     94,113           93,101
Financial investments                                                   12          1,355            1,681
Intangible assets                                                                   3,971            4,338
Other non-current assets                                                13          3,475            3,743
                                                                                  571,745          569,431
Current assets
Properties for sale                                                               202,188          214,077
Inventories                                                                           642              502
Trade and other receivables                                             14         21,378           17,115
Financial investments                                                   12            730              748
Bank deposits and cash                                                             14,430           16,221
                                                                                  239,368          248,663
Current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                          (12,827)        (10,498)
Trade and other payables                                                15         (32,586)        (32,412)
Deposits received on sales of properties                                           (12,588)        (11,226)
Current tax payable                                                                 (6,253)          (7,876)
                                                                                   (64,254)        (62,012)
Net current assets                                                                175,114          186,651
Total assets less current liabilities                                             746,859          756,082
Non-current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                         (109,431)       (116,589)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                           (23,621)         (23,905)
Other non-current liabilities                                                       (4,363)           (4,517)
                                                                                  (137,415)       (145,011)
NET ASSETS                                                                        609,444          611,071
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                           16         70,703           70,703
Reserves                                                                          534,343          536,014
Shareholders’ equity                                                              605,046          606,717
Non-controlling interests                                                           4,398            4,354
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                      609,444          611,071


Directors:
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Lui Ting, Victor




                                               Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                    (Unaudited)
                                                                                 Six months ended
                                                                                    31 December

                                                                                   2024              2023
Operating activities
 Operating cash inflow                                                           14,712         12,491
 Changes in working capital                                                       4,329          (8,044)

  Cash generated from operations                                                 19,041              4,447
  Interest expenses and other finance costs paid                                 (2,527)            (2,881)
  Bank interest received                                                            219                205
  Interest received from investments                                                 20                 33
  Dividends received from equity securities                                          51                 34
  Dividends received from associates and joint ventures                           1,016                871
  Tax paid
    – Hong Kong                                                                   (2,856)           (3,084)
    – Outside Hong Kong                                                             (619)             (597)

Net cash from/(used in) operating activities                                     14,345              (972)

Net cash used in investing activities
  – additions to investment properties                                            (2,580)           (2,785)
  – others                                                                           (34)           (2,414)
                                                                                  (2,614)           (5,199)

Net cash used in financing activities
  – net (repayment)/drawdown of bank and other borrowings                         (4,532)        10,309
  – (increase)/decrease in bank deposits maturing after more than three months       (20)           530
  – principal elements of lease payments                                            (516)          (529)
  – payment for repurchase of shares by a subsidiary                                  (1)            (12)
  – dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                      (8,114)       (10,722)
  – dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (266)          (360)
  – others                                                                           (21)          (211)
                                                                                 (13,470)            (995)

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                            (1,739)         (7,166)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                 16,034         14,277
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                            (69)            345

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                       14,226             7,456

Analysis of the balance of cash and cash equivalents at end of period
 Bank deposits and cash                                                          14,430             7,931
 Less: Bank deposits maturing after more than three months                         (159)             (427)
       Pledged bank deposits                                                        (45)               (48)

                                                                                 14,226             7,456




22   Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                           Attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                                  Investment                                            Non-
                                                Share     Capital revaluation    Exchange    Retained             controlling
                                               capital   reserves     reserve      reserve     profits      Total   interests      Total

At 1 July 2023                                 70,703     1,176          600       (9,355)    538,931     602,055      4,741     606,796
Profit for the period                               –          –           –            –         9,145     9,145        328       9,473
Exchange difference on translation of
  mainland subsidiaries                             –          –           –        1,660             –     1,660         41       1,701
Fair value losses on cash flow hedge                –       (348)          –            –             –      (348)         –        (348)
Fair value gains on debt securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                             –          –           2            –             –         2          –           2
Fair value losses on equity securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                             –          –         (92)           –             –       (92)         1         (91)
Transfer to retained profits upon
   disposal of equity securities                    –          –           (1)          –            1          –          –           –
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates and joint ventures                  –          –          73          549           13       635           –        635

Other comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                    –       (348)        (18)       2,209           14      1,857         42       1,899

Total comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                    –       (348)        (18)       2,209         9,159    11,002        370      11,372

Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments                              –          –           –            –             –         –          4           4
Lapse of share options of a subsidiary              –          –           –            –            6          6          (6)         –
Dividend paid (2023 final dividend
   HK$3.70 per share)                               –          –           –            –     (10,722)    (10,722)         –     (10,722)
Adjustments relating to changes in
  interests in subsidiaries                         –        (11)          –            –             –       (11)       (21)        (32)
Capital reduction of a subsidiary                   –          –           –            –             –         –       (180)       (180)
Dividends to non-controlling interests              –          –           –            –             –         –       (360)       (360)

At 31 December 2023                            70,703       817          582       (7,146)    537,374     602,330      4,548     606,878




                                                             Interim Report 2024/25          SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED          23
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                           Attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                                   Investment                                        Non-
                                                 Share     Capital revaluation Exchange     Retained           controlling
                                                capital   reserves    reserve    reserve      profits     Total interests       Total

At 1 July 2024                                  70,703        916        416      (9,853)    544,535    606,717     4,354     611,071
Profit for the period                                –          –          –           –       7,523      7,523       318       7,841
Exchange difference on translation of
  mainland subsidiaries                              –          –          –        (855)           –      (855)        (9)      (864)
Fair value losses on cash flow hedge                 –        (49)         –           –            –       (49)        –         (49)
Fair value gains on debt securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                              –          –          1           –            –         1         –           1
Fair value losses on equity securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                              –          –        (39)          –            –       (39)        –         (39)
Share of other comprehensive income/
  (losses) of associates and joint ventures          –          –         98        (283)         44       (141)        –        (141)

Other comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                     –        (49)        60      (1,138)         44     (1,083)        (9)    (1,092)

Total comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                     –        (49)        60      (1,138)      7,567      6,440       309       6,749

Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments                               –          –          –           –            –         –         3           3
Lapse of share options of a subsidiary               –          –          –           –            1         1         (1)         –
Dividend paid (2024 final dividend
   HK$2.80 per share)                                –          –          –           –      (8,114)    (8,114)        –      (8,114)
Forfeiture of unclaimed dividends                    –          –          –           –            2         2         –           2
Adjustments relating to changes in
  interests in subsidiaries                          –          –          –           –            –         –         (1)        (1)
Dividends to non-controlling interests               –          –          –           –            –         –      (266)       (266)

At 31 December 2024                             70,703        867        476     (10,991)    543,991    605,046     4,398     609,444




24    Interim Report 2024/25             SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



1. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
      Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
      the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited.

      The financial information relating to the year ended 30 June 2024 included in these condensed consolidated
      financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated
      financial statements for that year but is derived from those consolidated financial statements. The Company has
      delivered the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024 to the Registrar of Companies
      and the Company’s auditor has reported on those consolidated financial statements. The auditor’s report was
      unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis
      without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance.

      The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these interim financial statements are consistent with those
      applied in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024. The Group has adopted a
      number of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards that are effective for the first time for this
      interim period. None of these amendments had a material impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      The Group has not applied any new standard or amendment that is not effective for the current accounting
      period.




                                                     Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       25
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Segment revenue and results are measured without allocation of central administration costs, other net income,
      net finance costs and change in fair value of investment properties, which are reported to the Group’s
      management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

      An analysis of the revenue and results for the period of the Group and its share of associates and joint ventures
      by reportable and operating segments is as follows:

      For the six months ended 31 December 2024

                                               The Company and                Associates and
                                                its subsidiaries              joint ventures
                                                                           Share of      Share of       Combined    Consolidated
                                          Revenue            Results       revenue        results         revenue        results
      Property development
        Hong Kong                              16,031          2,325             –                –        16,031         2,325
        Mainland                                  330             86           287               95           617           181
                                               16,361          2,411           287               95        16,648         2,506
      Property rental
        Hong Kong                               7,485          5,319         1,328             1,020        8,813         6,339
        Mainland                                2,508          1,970           581               407        3,089         2,377
        Singapore                                   –              –           378               288          378           288
                                                9,993          7,289         2,287             1,715       12,280         9,004
      Hotel operations                          2,278            313           420                64        2,698           377
      Telecommunications                        3,492            420             –                 –        3,492           420
      Transport infrastructure
        and logistics                           2,280              615       2,070              251         4,350           866
      Data centre operations                    1,470              745           –                –         1,470           745
      Other businesses                          4,059              544          55                4         4,114           548
      Segment total                            39,933         12,337         5,119             2,129       45,052        14,466
      Other net income/(loss)                                      704                          (141)                       563
      Unallocated administrative
        expenses                                                   (943)                           –                       (943)
      Operating profit                                        12,098                           1,988                     14,086
      Change in fair value of
        investment properties
        Hong Kong                                             (2,538)                           (205)                     (2,743)
        Mainland                                                (337)                             64                        (273)
        Singapore                                                  –                             774                         774
                                                              (2,875)                            633                      (2,242)
      Net finance costs                                       (1,447)                           (376)                     (1,823)
      Profit before taxation                                   7,776                           2,245                     10,021
      Taxation
        – Group                                               (1,807)                              –                      (1,807)
        – Associates                                               –                             (25)                        (25)
        – Joint ventures                                           –                            (348)                       (348)
      Profit for the period                                    5,969                           1,872                      7,841



26   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION (cont’d)
      For the six months ended 31 December 2023

                                                The Company and                 Associates and
                                                  its subsidiaries              joint ventures
                                                                             Share of        Share of     Combined    Consolidated
                                               Revenue          Results      revenue           results      revenue        results
      Property development
        Hong Kong                                3,612           1,235             –                –        3,612          1,235
        Mainland                                   256              81         1,338              724        1,594            805
                                                 3,868           1,316         1,338              724        5,206          2,040
      Property rental
        Hong Kong                                7,552           5,499         1,389             1,075       8,941          6,574
        Mainland                                 2,569           2,076           570               397       3,139          2,473
        Singapore                                    –               –           374               279         374            279
                                                10,121           7,575         2,333             1,751      12,454          9,326
      Hotel operations                           2,317             359           440                71       2,757            430
      Telecommunications                         3,390             361             –                 –       3,390            361
      Transport infrastructure
        and logistics                            2,318               672       2,024              275        4,342            947
      Data centre operations                     1,290               616           –                –        1,290            616
      Other businesses                           4,238               599         253               29        4,491            628
      Segment total                             27,542          11,498         6,388             2,850      33,930         14,348
      Other net income/(loss)                                        390                           (83)                       307
      Unallocated administrative
        expenses                                                     (935)                           –                       (935)
      Operating profit                                          10,953                           2,767                     13,720
      Change in fair value of
        investment properties
        Hong Kong                                                     526                           32                        558
        Mainland                                                     (513)                        (198)                      (711)
        Singapore                                                       –                          262                        262
                                                                     13                             96                        109
      Net finance costs                                          (1,760)                          (381)                    (2,141)
      Profit before taxation                                     9,206                           2,482                     11,688
      Taxation
        – Group                                                  (1,485)                             –                     (1,485)
        – Associates                                                  –                            (22)                        (22)
        – Joint ventures                                              –                           (708)                      (708)
      Profit for the period                                      7,721                           1,752                      9,473




                                                                Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        27
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION (cont’d)
      Results from property development include selling and marketing expenses of HK$341 million (2023: HK$290
      million) and HK$106 million (2023: HK$83 million) relating to the pre-sale of property projects under construction
      in Hong Kong and mainland, respectively.

      Other businesses comprise revenue and profit derived from other activities including property management,
      department store operations and financial services.


3. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
      (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
             The following tables present the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated into major
             business segments, primary geographical markets and according to the timing of revenue recognition,
             including a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the amounts disclosed in the segment
             information.

             For the six months ended 31 December 2024

                                                      Revenue from contracts with customers        Revenue
                                                  recognized at     recognized                   from other
                                                 a point in time      over time       Subtotal      sources      Total

             (i) By segments
                 Property development                    16,361              –          16,361            –     16,361
                 Property rental                              –          1,086           1,086        8,907      9,993
                 Hotel operations                           866          1,412           2,278            –      2,278
                 Telecommunications                       1,188          2,304           3,492            –      3,492
                 Transport infrastructure
                    and logistics                            52          2,081           2,133         147       2,280
                 Data centre operations                       –          1,470           1,470           –       1,470
                 Property management                         95          2,645           2,740           –       2,740
                 Department store operations                933              –             933           –         933
                 Financial services and others                –             21              21         365         386

                                                         19,495         11,019          30,514        9,419     39,933

             (ii) Geographical markets
                  Hong Kong                              19,015         10,699          29,714        6,913     36,627
                  Mainland                                  480            259             739        2,506      3,245
                  Others                                      –             61              61            –         61

                                                         19,495         11,019          30,514        9,419     39,933




28   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



3. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (cont’d)
      (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (cont’d)
             For the six months ended 31 December 2023

                                                      Revenue from contracts with customers              Revenue
                                                  recognized at      recognized                       from other
                                                 a point in time       over time         Subtotal         sources    Total

             (i) By segments
                 Property development                    3,868                –               3,868            –     3,868
                 Property rental                             –            1,070               1,070        9,051    10,121
                 Hotel operations                          935            1,382               2,317            –     2,317
                 Telecommunications                      1,087            2,303               3,390            –     3,390
                 Transport infrastructure
                    and logistics                           64            2,071               2,135         183      2,318
                 Data centre operations                      –            1,290               1,290           –      1,290
                 Property management                        99            2,723               2,822           –      2,822
                 Department store operations             1,045                –               1,045           –      1,045
                 Financial services and others               –               24                  24         347        371

                                                         7,098          10,863            17,961           9,581    27,542

             (ii) Geographical markets
                  Hong Kong                              6,708          10,646            17,354           7,015    24,369
                  Mainland                                 379             196               575           2,566     3,141
                  Others                                    11              21                32               –        32

                                                         7,098          10,863            17,961           9,581    27,542


             Revenue from other sources includes rental income and income from rendering of financial services.

      (b) Revenue recognized in relation to contract liabilities
             Contract liabilities primarily relate to the Group’s unfulfilled performance obligations to transfer goods or
             services to customers for which consideration has been received at the reporting date. The contract liability
             is recognized in revenue in the period when performance obligations are fulfilled.

             During the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Group recognized revenue of HK$5,859 million (2023:
             HK$513 million) from sales of properties that were included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
             period.

      (c) Expected revenue from remaining performance obligations in contracts with
          customers
             As of 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining
             performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts of sales of development properties was
             HK$36,496 million (30 June 2024: HK$30,860 million). This represents the aggregate amount of revenue
             expected to be recognized by the Group in the future, of which approximately 73% is expected to be
             recognized as revenue in the second half of the current financial year and 20% in the next financial year.



                                                            Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   29
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



4. OTHER NET INCOME
                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                            Notes              2024               2023

      Gain on land resumption                                                (a)              1,122                  –
      Profit on sale of investment properties                                (b)                249                245
      Provision for properties under development for sale                    (c)             (1,084)                 –
      Others                                                                                    417                145

                                                                                                704                390


      (a)    During the period, the Group recorded a HK$1,122 million gain from land resumption by the Government,
             resulting mainly from the resumption of certain land lots held by the Group in Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen New
             Development Area.

      (b)    Profit on sale of investment properties was mostly derived from the disposal of 25 units in Tower 2 and 3 of
             Dynasty Court. Underlying profit including the fair value gains realized amounted to HK$1,152 million.

      (c)    The HK$1,084 million impairment provision was primarily attributed to the Cullinan Sky residential project,
             calculated based on estimated sales proceeds, minus the costs required to complete and sell the project,
             excluding previously expensed selling and marketing costs.


5. NET FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                                               2024               2023

      Interest and other finance costs on bank and other borrowings                           2,578               2,996
      Notional non-cash interest accretion                                                       31                  34
      Finance costs on lease liabilities                                                         44                  42
      Less: Amount capitalized                                                                 (993)             (1,109)

                                                                                              1,660              1,963
      Interest income on bank deposits                                                         (213)              (203)

                                                                                              1,447              1,760




30   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



6. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                                  31 December

                                                                                                 2024             2023

      Profit before taxation is arrived at
      after charging:
         Cost of properties sold                                                                12,428            1,846
         Cost of other inventories sold                                                          1,691            1,598
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                           1,528            1,529
         Amortization of
           Intangible assets (included in direct costs)                                           368              368
           Contract acquisition costs                                                             732              187
         Impairment loss on goodwill                                                                 –                  4
         Credit loss allowance on financial assets and contract assets                              88                 40
         Lease expenses
           Short-term and low-value assets leases                                                   77                 72
           Variable lease payments                                                                  17                 18
         Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments and
           retirement schemes contributions)                                                     5,287            5,152
         Share-based payments                                                                        3                  4
         Loss on disposal of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss              4                  6
         Fair value losses on financial investments at fair value through profit or loss            45                 54
         Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          50                  –
      and crediting:
         Dividend income from investments                                                           51                 34
         Interest income from investments                                                           17                 36




                                                          Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED    31
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



7. TAXATION
                                                                                        Six months ended
                                                                                           31 December

                                                                                           2024              2023

      Current tax expenses
         Hong Kong profits tax                                                            1,210               897
         (Over)/under provision in prior years                                                (3)                4

                                                                                          1,207               901
         Tax outside Hong Kong                                                              671               609

         Total current tax                                                                1,878             1,510

      Deferred tax credit
         Change in fair value of investment properties                                     (198)              (280)
         Other origination and reversal of temporary differences                            127               255

         Total deferred tax                                                                  (71)              (25)

      Total income tax expenses                                                           1,807             1,485


      Hong Kong profits tax is provided at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) based on the estimated assessable profits
      for the period. Tax outside Hong Kong, which includes mainland land appreciation tax and withholding tax on
      income distributions, is calculated at the rates applicable in the relevant jurisdictions.




32   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



8. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a) Reported earnings per share
             The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on the Group’s profit for the period
             attributable to the Company’s shareholders of HK$7,523 million (2023: HK$9,145 million).

             The basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares in issue during the interim
             period of 2,897,780,274 (2023: 2,897,780,274) shares.

             Diluted earnings per share were the same as the basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive potential
             ordinary shares in existence during the periods.

      (b) Underlying earnings per share
             For the purpose of assessing the underlying performance of the Group, basic and diluted earnings per share
             are additionally calculated based on the underlying profit for the period attributable to the Company’s
             shareholders of HK$10,463 million (2023: HK$8,906 million), which excluded the net effect of change in
             the valuation of investment properties. A reconciliation of profit is as follows:

                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                                               2024               2023

             Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders as shown
               in the consolidated income statement                                           7,523              9,145

             Decrease/(increase) in fair value of investment properties
              Subsidiaries                                                                    2,875                 (13)
              Associates                                                                         64                 (56)
              Joint ventures                                                                   (697)                (40)
                                                                                              2,242                (109)
             Effect of corresponding deferred tax expenses
               Subsidiaries                                                                    (198)               (280)
               Joint ventures                                                                     5                 (37)
             Non-controlling interests                                                          (15)                 (6)

             Unrealized fair value losses/(gains) of investment properties
               net of deferred tax                                                            2,034                (432)
             Fair value gains of investment properties net of
               deferred tax realized on disposal                                                906                193

             Net effect of change in fair value of investment properties                      2,940                (239)

             Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders                    10,463              8,906




                                                        Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      33
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



9. DIVIDENDS
      (a) Interim dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company declared after
          the interim period
                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                                31 December

                                                                                                2024               2023

             Interim dividend declared after the interim period of HK$0.95
               (2023: HK$0.95) per share                                                       2,753              2,753


             The interim dividend declared after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a liability at
             the end of the reporting period.

      (b) Final dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
          previous financial year, approved and paid during the interim period
                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                                31 December

                                                                                                2024               2023

             Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
               approved and paid during the following interim period,
               of HK$2.80 (2023: HK$3.70) per share                                            8,114             10,722



10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      (a) Movement during the period


                                                                                            Under
                                                                      Completed       development                 Total

             Valuation
             At 1 July 2024                                              349,214              59,210           408,424
             Additions                                                       597               4,897             5,494
             Transfer upon completion                                         13                 (13)                –
             Disposals                                                    (1,154)                  –            (1,154)
             Transfer from properties for sale                             1,859                   –             1,859
             Transfer from property, plant and equipment                      63                   –                63
             Exchange difference                                            (870)               (414)           (1,284)
             Decrease in fair value                                       (1,022)             (1,853)           (2,875)

             At 31 December 2024                                         348,700              61,827           410,527




34   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (cont’d)
      (b) The Group’s investment properties were valued at their fair values at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024
             by Knight Frank Petty Limited, an independent firm of professional qualified valuers, on a market value
             basis, in accordance with Valuation Standards on Properties issued by Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors.

             The Group’s completed investment properties are valued using the income capitalization method by
             capitalizing the net income from the existing tenancies and reversionary income potential at appropriate
             capitalization rates for individual properties. The capitalization rate adopted is derived by making reference
             to the yields achieved from analysis of comparable property investment transactions and valuer’s view of
             prevailing investor expectations regarding rental growth and perceived risks.

             The Group’s investment properties under development are valued using the residual method by estimating
             the value of the property when completed using income capitalization method with reference to
             comparable sales transactions assuming that the property had been completed in accordance with the
             current development plan on the valuation date less the costs that will be incurred to complete the
             development with appropriate allowance for profit and risk.

             Set out below is the significant unobservable inputs used for fair value measurements:

                                                                                              Weighted average
                                                            Fair value                        capitalization rate

                                                 31 December               30 June     31 December               30 June
                                                        2024                 2024             2024                 2024

             Completed
              Hong Kong                                275,134            274,585               5.1%                5.1%
              Mainland                                  73,566             74,629               6.6%                6.6%

                                                       348,700            349,214


                                                            Fair value
                                                       (residual method)                      Capitalization rate

                                                 31 December               30 June     31 December               30 June
                                                        2024                 2024             2024                 2024

             Under development
              Hong Kong                                 27,517             25,578       3.5% - 5.5%        3.5% - 5.5%
              Mainland                                  34,310             33,632       5.0% - 8.8%        5.0% - 8.8%

                                                        61,827             59,210



11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      During the six months ended 31 December 2024, additions to property, plant and equipment amounted to
      HK$1,766 million, of which HK$390 million are additions to right-of-use assets. Net book value of property, plant
      and equipment disposed of during the period amounted to HK$52 million.




                                                       Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        35
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



12. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
                                                                          31 December 2024
                                                                                      Measured at
                                                  Measured at         Measured at      amortized
                                                       FVTPL               FVOCI             cost                Total
      Non-current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                181                96                277
       Equity securities                                   405                673                 –              1,078
                                                           405                854                96              1,355
      Current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                 46                  –                46
       Equity securities                                   684                  –                  –               684
                                                           684                 46                  –               730


                                                                             30 June 2024
                                                                                       Measured at
                                                   Measured at         Measured at      amortized
                                                        FVTPL               FVOCI             cost                Total
      Non-current assets
       Debt securities                                      13                157               360                530
       Equity securities                                   440                711                 –              1,151
                                                           453                868               360              1,681
      Current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                  –                74                 74
       Equity securities                                   674                  –                 –                674
                                                           674                  –                74                748


13. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                     31 December               30 June
                                                                                            2024                 2024
      Mortgage loan receivables                                                               2,681              2,844
      Other loan receivables                                                                  1,095              1,086
      Total loans receivables                                                                 3,776              3,930
      Less: Amount due within one year included under
              trade and other receivables                                                      (350)              (265)
                                                                                              3,426              3,665
      Derivative financial instruments                                                           49                 78
                                                                                              3,475              3,743


      Mortgage loan receivables are secured by first or second mortgages on properties and repayable by monthly
      instalments with various tenors up to 30 years at the end of the reporting period and carry interest at rates with
      reference to banks’ lending rates. The balance includes first mortgage loans of HK$1,912 million (30 June 2024:
      HK$1,946 million). The Group recognizes expected credit loss for all loans receivables based on its assessment of
      changes in credit risk on a collective basis, with reference to both historical loss experience and forward-looking
      information. Changes in the loss allowance are recognized in profit or loss.


36   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      31 December            30 June
                                                                           Notes             2024              2024

      Trade receivables                                                     (a)               3,959            3,645
      Other account receivables, deposits and prepayments                   (b)              16,258           12,255
      Deposits for acquisition of properties                                                    253              247
      Contract assets                                                                           549              703
      Short-term loans                                                                          350              265
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            9                –

                                                                                             21,378           17,115


      (a)    At 31 December 2024, 64% of trade receivables are aged less than 30 days, 14% between 31 to 60 days, 8%
             between 61 to 90 days and 14% more than 90 days (30 June 2024: 63%, 11%, 7% and 19%
             respectively).

      (b)    The balance includes contract acquisition costs of HK$219 million (30 June 2024: HK$217 million) primarily
             related to incremental commission costs incurred to obtain property sales and telecommunication services
             contracts with customers. There was no impairment loss in relation to the cost capitalized.


15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                      31 December            30 June
                                                                                             2024              2024

      Trade payables                                                                          2,953            3,070
      Other payables and accrued expenses                                                    26,527           26,076
      Contract liabilities                                                                    1,126            1,179
      Amounts due to non-controlling interests                                                1,190            1,213
      Lease liabilities                                                                         790              874

                                                                                             32,586           32,412


      At 31 December 2024, 61% of trade payables are aged less than 30 days, 10% between 31 to 60 days, 3%
      between 61 to 90 days, and 26% more than 90 days (30 June 2024: 57%, 9%, 5% and 29% respectively).


16. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                             shares
                                                                                          in million        Amount

      Issued and fully paid:
      Ordinary shares
      At 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                    2,898           70,703




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25      SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   37
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      In the normal course of business, the Group undertook a variety of transactions with certain of its associates and
      joint ventures. The most significant transactions between the Group and these related parties which were carried
      out on commercial terms are summarized as follows:

                                                              Associates                       Joint ventures

                                                          Six months ended                   Six months ended
                                                             31 December                        31 December

                                                            2024            2023               2024             2023

      Interest income                                          –                –                48               47
      Cash rental paid                                         1                –                32               29
      Other revenue from services rendered                    97              132             1,587              773
      Purchase of goods and services                           –                –               143              332



18. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
      The Group had contingent liabilities and commitments, so far as not provided for in the condensed consolidated
      financial statements, as follows:

                                                                                      31 December             30 June
                                                                                             2024               2024

      (a)    Capital commitments in respect of investment properties
               and property, plant and equipment
              Contracted but not provided for                                                 3,054            3,533
              Authorized but not contracted for                                              11,552           12,164

      (b)    The Group’s share of capital commitments of joint ventures
               Contracted but not provided for                                                1,879             2,229
               Authorized but not contracted for                                              2,608             3,309


      (c)    Guarantees for bank borrowings of joint ventures and other guarantees in the aggregate amount of
             HK$1,901 million (30 June 2024: HK$1,907 million).




38   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value
             The following tables present the carrying value of the Group’s financial instruments that are measured at
             fair value at the end of the reporting period, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy defined as
             follows:

             Level 1          Fair values measured at unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identifiable assets or
                              liabilities at the measurement date. This level includes all listed debt securities and listed
                              equity securities, and certain unlisted debt securities that are measured at quoted prices in
                              active markets.

             Level 2          Fair values measured using inputs other than quoted prices where those inputs are based on
                              observable market data and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs
                              are inputs for which market data are not available.

             Level 3          Fair values measured using significant unobservable inputs. This level includes all unlisted
                              equity securities, except for certain unlisted equity securities which are classified as Level 2 as
                              they are measured using inputs that are derived from or corroborated by observable market
                              data.

             As at 31 December 2024

                                                                  Level 1           Level 2          Level 3             Total

             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVTPL
               Equity securities                                      684                 –              405             1,089

             Financial assets at FVOCI
               Debt securities                                        227                 –                –               227
               Equity securities                                      352                 6              315               673

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                         –               49                 –               49
              Forward foreign exchange contracts                         –                9                 –                9

                                                                    1,263                64              720             2,047

             Financial liabilities
             Bond and notes subject to
               fair value hedges                                         –           1,038                  –            1,038

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                         –             378                  –              378
              Interest rate swaps                                        –               1                  –                1

                                                                         –           1,417                  –            1,417




                                                           Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED         39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont’d)
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value (cont’d)
             As at 30 June 2024

                                                                Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total

             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVTPL
               Debt securities                                      13                 –               –               13
               Equity securities                                   674                 –             440            1,114

             Financial assets at FVOCI
               Debt securities                                     157                 –               –              157
               Equity securities                                   389                 7             315              711

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                      –              71                 –              71
              Forward foreign exchange contracts                      –               7                 –               7

                                                                 1,233               85              755            2,073

             Financial liabilities
             Bond and notes subject to
               fair value hedges                                      –           1,030                 –           1,030

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                      –             354                 –             354
              Interest rate swaps                                     –               5                 –               5

                                                                      –           1,389                 –           1,389


             There were no transfer amongst Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and no change in
             valuation techniques used during the period.

             (i)    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurement

                    The fair values of cross currency interest rate swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts in Level
                    2 are calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on the terms and
                    maturity of each contract, taking into account the current interest rates and the current
                    creditworthiness of the swap counterparties.

                    The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts in Level 2 is determined by using the forward
                    exchange rates at the end of the reporting period quoted from financial institutions.

                    The fair value of bonds and notes subject to fair value hedges is determined based on cash flows
                    discounted using current market interest rates for similar financial instruments.




40   Interim Report 2024/25         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont’d)
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value (cont’d)
             (ii)   Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurement

                    The fair value of unlisted equity securities in Level 3 is determined by reference to the net asset value
                    of the investees, or by using discounted cash flow models or market approach with reference to
                    multiples of comparable listed companies, adjusted for a discount for lack of marketability.

                    The movement during the period in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurement is as follows:

                                                                         Financial assets measured at

                                                                                FVTPL             FVOCI              Total

                    Unlisted equity securities
                    At 1 July 2024                                                 440               315               755
                    Purchases                                                       15                 –                15
                    Sales                                                           (4)                –                (4)
                    Change in fair value recognized in profit or loss              (46)                –               (46)

                    At 31 December 2024                                            405               315               720


      (b) Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at cost or amortized cost
             The following table presents the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments measured at cost or
             amortized cost which were different from their fair values at the end of the reporting period.

                                                             31 December 2024                      30 June 2024

                                                            Carrying                            Carrying
                                                             amount         Fair value          amount           Fair value

             Debt securities                                      96              134               434               439
             Long-term borrowings                            108,393          105,953           115,559           112,733


             The fair value of debt securities is measured at quoted market prices. The fair value of long-term borrowings
             is estimated by discounting their future cash flows using the market interest rates prevailing at the end of
             the reporting period.

             All other financial instruments measured at cost or amortized cost are typically those that are short-term in
             nature or carry variable interest rates and reprice to current market rate changes. Accordingly, their carrying
             amounts approximate their fair values.




                                                         Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        41
Financial Review

REVIEW OF RESULT FOR THE FIRST HALF OF FY2024/25
Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders, excluding the fair value changes on investment
properties and including the fair value gains realized on sale of investment properties for the six months ended 31
December 2024 was HK$10,463 million, increased by 18% or HK$1,557 million compared with HK$8,906 million for
the same period last year. The profit increase was primarily driven by higher recognized profits from property
development, lower finance costs, and gains from the disposal of investment properties and land resumption, which
was partly offset by a slight decline in property rental income and impairment provision for development properties.

Reported profit attributable to shareholders was HK$7,523 million, representing a decrease of HK$1,622 million or
18% compared with HK$9,145 million for the same period last year.

                                                                                        Six months ended
                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                    HK$ Million        HK$ Million
Reported profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                                    7,523              9,145
Adjustments in respect of investment properties
  Net fair value loss/(gain) for the period                                               2,034               (432)
  Fair value gains realized on disposal during the period                                   906                193
 Net effect                                                                               2,940               (239)
Underlying profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                                 10,463              8,906


Total revenue of the Group’s business segments (including share of joint ventures and associates) for the six months
ended 31 December 2024 was HK$45,052 million, representing a 33% increase over the corresponding period last
year, primarily due to higher revenue from property development in Hong Kong. Segment operating profit was
HK$14,466 million (2023: HK$14,348 million).

Revenue and Operating profit by segment for the six months ended 31 December
(including share of joint ventures and associates)
                                                            Revenue                      Operating profit
                                                      2024                 2023          2024               2023
                                                 HK$ Million          HK$ Million   HK$ Million        HK$ Million
Property development
  Hong Kong                                            16,031              3,612          2,325              1,235
  Mainland                                                617              1,594            181                805
                                                       16,648              5,206          2,506              2,040
Property rental
  Hong Kong                                             8,813              8,941          6,339              6,574
  Mainland                                              3,089              3,139          2,377              2,473
  Singapore                                               378                374            288                279
                                                       12,280             12,454          9,004              9,326
Hotel operations                                        2,698              2,757            377                430
Telecommunications                                      3,492              3,390            420                361
Transport infrastructure and logistics                  4,350              4,342            866                947
Data centre operations                                  1,470              1,290            745                616
Other businesses                                        4,114              4,491            548                628
Segment total                                          45,052             33,930         14,466             14,348


42   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review
Revenue from property development (including share of joint ventures) in Hong Kong for the six months ended 31
December 2024 was HK$16,031 million, compared to HK$3,612 million for the corresponding period last year, and
was mainly derived from sales of residential units in YOHO WEST Phase 1, The YOHO Hub II, St. Barths and Grand Jeté
Phase 2. Development profit increased by 88% to HK$2,325 million. Profit margin was 15% compared to 34% for the
same period last year.

Revenue from property development (including share of joint ventures) on the mainland was HK$617 million,
compared to HK$1,594 million for the same period last year. The decrease was mainly due to lower sales volume of
residential units. Development profit decreased to HK$181 million. The contributions were mainly attributable to sales
of residential units in Park Royale, Oriental Bund, The Woodland and Grand Waterfront.

As at 31 December 2024, contracted sales of properties (including investment properties) attributable to the Group
(including share of joint ventures) not yet recognized amounted to HK$43.6 billion, comprising HK$30.4 billion in
Hong Kong, of which about HK$20.2 billion is expected to be recognized in the second half of the current financial
year and HK$7.5 billion in the next financial year, and HK$13.2 billion on the mainland, of which HK$8.3 billion will be
booked in the second half of the current financial year and HK$2.3 billion in the next financial year.

Rental revenue of property investment in Hong Kong, including share of joint ventures and associates, decreased by 1%
to HK$8,813 million. Net rental income decreased by 4% to HK$6,339 million. The decrease was mainly due to
decreased contributions from the office segment. The office portfolio recorded a revenue drop of 5% to HK$2,847
million due to negative rental reversions. Revenue of the retail portfolio decreased by 1% to HK$4,593 million, mainly
due to reduced turnover rents. Revenue of the Group’s residential and serviced apartment portfolio grew by 15% year-
on-year, driven mostly by increase in rent rates and full year contribution from TOWNPLACE WEST KOWLOON.

Rental revenue and net rental income of the mainland portfolio, including share of joint ventures, decreased by 2%
and 4% in Hong Kong dollar terms to HK$3,089 million and HK$2,377 million, respectively. In Renminbi (“RMB”)
terms, rental revenue decreased by 2% to RMB2,847 million (2023: RMB2,896 million), mainly due to a decline in
turnover rents of the retail portfolio.

Hotel segment (including share of joint ventures) revenue decreased by 2% year-on-year to HK$2,698 million, primarily
due to a decline in food and beverages sales. Room sales remained stable, supported by an improved occupancy.
Operating profit decreased by 12% to HK$377 million due to increased operating costs and additional costs incurred
from new hotels that commenced operations on the mainland. An average occupancy rate of 90% was achieved for
the Group’s hotels in Hong Kong during the period, up from 84% last year.

SmarTone’s revenue and operating profit increased by 3% and 16% to HK$3,492 million and HK$420 million,
respectively, driven by the growth in roaming and 5G Home Broadband services.

The Group’s transport infrastructure and logistics segment (including share of joint ventures and associates) remained
resilient, with revenue holding steady at HK$4,350 million, unchanged from the previous year. Operating profit was
HK$866 million. The business aviation centre operations, toll road and franchised bus services all showed stable
performance.

SUNeVision’s revenue increased by 14% to HK$1,470 million and operating profit increased by 21% to HK$745
million, driven by an increase in contract prices and contribution from new data centre MEGA IDC Phase 1.

The Group’s other businesses (including share of joint ventures and associates), which include mainly property
management, department store operations and financial services, reported a 8% drop in revenue to HK$4,114 million
and a 13% drop on operating profit to HK$548 million. YATA is currently undergoing a store revamp, which
temporarily impacted its operations.

                                                     Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       43
Financial Review

Other Net Income
Other net income (including share of joint ventures and associates) amounted to HK$563 million (2023: HK$307
million). This included a HK$1,122 million gain from land resumption by the Government and a reported profit of
HK$249 million from the sale of investment properties, partly offset by an impairment provision of HK$1,084 million
related to development properties.

The land resumption included around 2.5 million square feet in Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen New Development Area
owned by the Group, with a total cash compensation of approximately HK$3,000 million.

The reported profit of HK$249 million on sale of investment properties (calculated on the basis of net sales proceeds
over fair value) was mainly derived from the disposal of 25 units in Tower 2 and 3 of Dynasty Court. The Group
realized net proceeds of HK$1,459 million from these disposals, contributing HK$1,152 million to the Group’s
underlying profit (calculated on the basis of net sales proceeds over costs). In the second half of the financial year,
another 26 units in Tower 3 of Dynasty Court, with a total purchase consideration of approximately HK$1,300 million,
are scheduled for handover.

The HK$1,084 million impairment provision was primarily attributed to the Cullinan Sky residential project. This
provision was based on estimated sales proceeds, minus the costs required to complete and sell the project, excluding
previously expensed selling and marketing costs. Cullinan Sky consists of 1,490 units in two phases, covering a total
gross floor area of approximately 1.06 million square feet. In the first phase, 887 out of 906 units were pre-sold,
generating contracted sales of approximately HK$11,100 million.

Fair Value Change of Investment Properties
Investment properties were carried at fair values based on independent valuation as at 31 December 2024. These
consist of completed investment properties and investment properties under development.

The Group (including share of joint ventures and associates) recorded a decrease of HK$2,743 million (2023: increase
of HK$558 million) in the fair value of investment properties in Hong Kong and HK$273 million (2023: HK$711 million)
in the mainland, and shared an increase of HK$774 million (2023: HK$262 million) in the fair value of ION Orchard
mall in Singapore. Net fair value loss attributable to the Company’s shareholders, after related deferred taxation and
non-controlling interests, was HK$2,034 million (2023: gain of HK$432 million).

Finance Costs and Interest Cover
For the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s net finance costs including capitalized interest decreased by
HK$429 million to HK$2,440 million, reflecting lower average effective cost of borrowings. Net finance costs charged
to the income statement (after interest capitalized) decreased by HK$313 million to HK$1,447 million.

Interest cover for the period was 5.0 times (2023: 3.8 times), measured by the ratio of operating profit to total net
interest expenses including those capitalized.

The average effective interest rate of the Group’s borrowings for the six months ended 31 December 2024 is analyzed
as follows:

                                                                                          Six months ended
                                                                                             31 December

                                                                                             2024               2023
Fixed rate                                                                                   2.8%              2.7%
Floating rate                                                                                4.6%              5.3%
Weighted average interest rate                                                               4.0%              4.5%


44   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review

FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
The Group adopts a disciplined approach in financial management by maintaining a strong balance sheet and a
diversified base of funding sources with sufficient financial resources to support operations and business growth. The
Group constantly reviews its capital structure and financial position to ensure that it remains financially sound, so that
the Group can continue to provide returns to shareholders while keeping financial leverage at a prudent level.

The Group’s financing risk management, debt financing and treasury activities are centrally managed and controlled at
the corporate level.

Gearing Ratio
The Group’s balance sheet remains strong. Shareholders’ equity was HK$605.0 billion or HK$208.8 per share as at 31
December 2024 compared with HK$606.7 billion as at 30 June 2024. The marginal decrease was primarily driven by
HK$8.1 billion of dividends paid, offset by HK$6.4 billion in profits and other reserves movements generated during
the period.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s net debt amounted to HK$107,828 million (30 June 2024: HK$110,866
million). Gearing ratio as at 31 December 2024, calculated on the basis of net debt to shareholders’ equity of the
Company, was 17.8% (30 June 2024: 18.3%). The decrease in net debt since 30 June 2024 was primarily driven by
cash inflows from property sales and lower construction spending during the period.

Debt Maturity Profile and Composition
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gross borrowings totalled HK$122,258 million, of which 67% were bank loans
and 33% were notes and bonds, which are repayable on various dates up to June 2033. 72% of the Group’s gross
borrowings were raised through its wholly-owned finance subsidiaries and the remaining 28% through operating
subsidiaries.

The Group’s debt maturity profile was well-staggered with around 72% of the borrowings repayable after two years.
The average tenure of the entire debt portfolio was 3.3 years as at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: 3.3 years).

The maturity profile of the Group’s gross borrowings is set out as follows:

                                                    At 31 December 2024                       At 30 June 2024

                                                 HK$ Million         % of Total          HK$ Million         % of Total

Repayable:
Within one year                                        12,827                 11%            10,498                 8%
After one year but within two years                    21,155                 17%            20,052                16%
After two years but within five years                  66,233                 54%            74,816                59%
After five years                                       22,043                 18%            21,721                17%

Total bank and other borrowings                      122,258               100%             127,087               100%
Bank deposits and cash                                14,430                                 16,221

Net debt                                             107,828                                110,866




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        45
Financial Review
Composition of the Group’s debt portfolio is as follows:

(i)    By currency (after currency swap)

                                                    At 31 December 2024                       At 30 June 2024

                                                 HK$ Million         % of Total          HK$ Million         % of Total

       Hong Kong dollar                                92,707               76%              99,867                79%
       RMB                                             27,820               23%              25,527                20%
       British pound                                    1,731                1%               1,693                 1%

       Total borrowings                              122,258               100%             127,087               100%


       When financing operations outside Hong Kong, the Group will borrow on the same currency as the underlying
       assets or when feasible, hedge through cross currency swaps for exchange risk exposure. At 31 December 2024,
       about 23% of the Group’s total borrowings were denominated in RMB to act as natural hedges of net
       investments in the mainland.

(ii)   By fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap)

                                                    At 31 December 2024                       At 30 June 2024

                                                 HK$ Million         % of Total          HK$ Million         % of Total

       Fixed                                           41,117               34%              39,660                31%
       Floating
          – Hong Kong dollar                           62,197               51%              67,007                53%
          – RMB                                        17,213               14%              18,727                15%
          – British pound                               1,731                1%               1,693                 1%

       Total borrowings                              122,258               100%             127,087               100%


Financial Resources
The Group’s strong financial strength enables it to raise long-term financing from various sources at competitive rates.
As part of its prudent debt management policy, the Group has always secured a considerable amount of undrawn
committed banking facilities, most of which are arranged on a medium to long term basis with a well-balanced
maturity profile, to help minimize refinancing risk and attain financing flexibility, while optimizing financing cost. The
Group closely monitors its liquidity and financing requirements to ensure that available financial resources are in place
to cover its financing needs.

With a substantial amount of standby banking facilities in place, continuous cash inflow from property sales and a solid
base of recurring income, the Group has adequate financial resources for its funding requirements and is well
positioned to take advantage of investment opportunities when they arise.




46     Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Management
The Group’s foreign exchange exposure was small given both its large asset base and operational cash flow are
primarily denominated in Hong Kong dollar, which is the Group’s presentation currency.

The Group is exposed to currency translation risk mainly arising from translating the financial statements of subsidiaries
and joint ventures operating in the mainland. The Group has not entered into foreign currency derivatives to hedge the
translation risk exposure of its net investments in mainland and maintained an appropriate level of RMB-denominated
financial resources for capital requirements. Land acquisition costs for the mainland projects are principally financed by
capital injection funded by the Group’s equity and internally generated funds. On-going business operations in the
mainland are financed through internal resources and borrowings in RMB. As at 31 December 2024, approximately
17% of the Group’s net assets were denominated in RMB. Compared with 30 June 2024, RMB depreciated against
Hong Kong dollar by about 1%. The translation of these RMB assets into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rate as of
31 December 2024 resulted in a translation loss of approximately HK$1.1 billion (2023: gain of HK$2.1 billion),
recognized in the exchange reserve.

The Group has insignificant currency risk exposure associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies. Where feasible and cost effective, the Group may enter into foreign exchange contracts to
reduce the currency risk.

Derivative Instruments
As at 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into certain interest rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps
and forward foreign exchange contracts in the aggregate notional amount of HK$16,388 million to manage its interest
rate risk and currency risk exposures. The use of derivative instruments is strictly controlled and solely for hedging the
Group’s underlying financial exposures for its core business operations. It is the Group’s policy not to enter into
derivative and structured product transactions for speculative purposes.

Bank Deposits and Cash
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank deposits and cash amounted to HK$14,430 million, of which 71% were
denominated in Hong Kong dollar, 23% in RMB, and the remaining 6% mostly in US dollar. The RMB deposits were
mostly held by the mainland subsidiaries for meeting the funding needs of their mainland projects.

All deposits are placed with banks carrying strong credit ratings with appropriate credit limits assigned relative to their
credit strength, and are regularly monitored for exposures to each financial counterparty.


CHARGES OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2024, certain bank deposits of the Group’s subsidiaries in the aggregate amount of HK$45 million
were pledged for securing guarantees issued by the banks. Additionally, certain assets of the Group’s subsidiaries with
an aggregate carrying value of HK$16,616 million have been charged as security for bank borrowings. Except for the
aforementioned charges, all the Group’s assets are free from any encumbrances.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees for bank borrowings of certain
joint ventures and other guarantees in the aggregate amount of HK$1,901 million (30 June 2024: HK$1,907 million).




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        47
Other Information

DIRECTORS
The list of Directors of the Company is set out on page 2 of this report. The particulars of the Directors and their
changes are set out as follows:

Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Hon LLD, Hon DBA, MBA, MA (Cantab), JP
Chairman & Managing Director (Age: 71)

Mr. Kwok has been Chairman of the Company since December 2011. Prior to the appointment as Chairman of the
Company, Mr. Kwok had acted as Vice Chairman of the Company for 21 years. He is also the Managing Director and
a member of the Executive Committee of the Company as well as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.
He has been with the Group for 46 years. Mr. Kwok holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University,
a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business
Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. Kwok is the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also
the chairman and a non-executive director of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited, and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is the father of Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and
Kwok Ho-lai, Edward. He is also an uncle of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$320,000 for being the Chairman of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$3.77 million, including
fees of HK$60,000 and HK$180,000 for being the chairman of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. and SmarTone
Telecommunications Holdings Limited respectively.

Wong Chik-wing, Mike
MSc(IRE), FHKIS, RPS (BS), JP
Deputy Managing Director (Age: 69)

Mr. Wong has been a Deputy Managing Director of the Company since July 2012. He joined the Group in 1981 and
has been an Executive Director of the Company since January 1996. He is also a member of the Executive Committee
of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wong graduated from The Hong Kong
Polytechnic University with distinction and holds a Master’s degree in International Real Estate. He is a fellow of
The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and a registered professional surveyor. Mr. Wong is a director of The Real Estate
Developers Association of Hong Kong. He is also an Adjunct Professor of both The University of Hong Kong (Department
of Real Estate and Construction) and The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (Department of Building and Real Estate).
He is currently responsible for planning and development, and project management matters of the Group’s
development projects.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Wong is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$29.78 million.




48   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Lui Ting, Victor
BBA
Deputy Managing Director (Age: 70)

Mr. Lui has been an Executive Director and a Deputy Managing Director of the Company since April and July 2012
respectively. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company. He joined the Group in 1977 and is currently responsible for the sales and marketing of a number of
large residential developments as well as acquisition and disposal of non-core property investment projects of the
Group. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Lui is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$30.03 million.

Yip Dicky Peter
MBA, BBS, MBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 78)

Mr. Yip has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since September 2004. He is also a member
of both the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. He joined
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) in Hong Kong in 1965 with working experiences in
London, China and San Francisco. From January 2003 to April 2005, Mr. Yip was appointed chief executive China
business, based in Shanghai; meanwhile, he was also a director of Bank of Shanghai, Ping An Insurance and Ping An
Bank on the mainland. Mr. Yip became a general manager of HSBC in April 2005 until his retirement from HSBC in
June 2012. He was an independent non-executive director of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. and
DBS Bank in Hong Kong and on the mainland, the founding chairman of Ping An OneConnect Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited (now known as PAO Bank Limited), and an independent director of S.F. Holding Co., Ltd. Mr. Yip was the chief
representative for the Asia-Pacific Region of Institute of International Finance from July 2012 to July 2015.

Mr. Yip is an elected associated member of the Chartered Institute of Bankers, London. He was educated in
Hong Kong with an MBA from The University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yip received the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of
Hong Kong in 1984 for his contributions to the banking industry and the community in Hong Kong. Mr. Yip was
awarded the MBE by the British Government in 1984. In 1999, he was appointed Unofficial Justice of the Peace in Hong Kong.
In 2000, he was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government.
He also served two terms since June 2008 as a member of Shanghai Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference.

Mr. Yip is active in community and youth activities in Hong Kong and is a member of a number of service organizations
such as Hong Kong Committee for United Nations Children Fund, the 8th National Council of Red Cross Society of
China, Hong Kong Housing Society and Hong Kong Air Cadet Corps.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Yip is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company and
HK$60,000 for being a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




                                                      Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        49
Other Information

Professor Wong Yue-chim, Richard
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)

Professor Wong has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since May 2005. He is the Chairman
of both the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee of the Company. Professor Wong studied Economics at The University of Chicago and
graduated with a Doctorate in Philosophy. He is Professor of Economics at The University of Hong Kong. Professor
Wong was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star in 1999 by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region for his contributions in education, housing, industry and technology development. In addition, he was
appointed Justice of the Peace in July 2000.

Professor Wong serves as an independent non-executive director of Great Eagle Holdings Limited and Pacific Century
Premium Developments Limited.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Professor Wong is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company, and
HK$70,000 for being the Chairman of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric
LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., GBS, OBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 71)

Dr. Li was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company in May 2005. He is currently an Independent
Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and a member of the Remuneration
Committee of the Company. He is also an independent non-executive director and the chairman of the audit
committee and the remuneration committee of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited.

Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of Shinewing (HK) CPA Limited. He is also an independent non-executive director of
Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings)
Company Limited.

Dr. Li was a member of the 10th to 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He was also a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, the chairman of its Public
Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Dr. Li is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the Company,
HK$320,000 for being the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company and HK$60,000
for being a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments
in the total sum of HK$288,000 for being a director and the chairman of the audit committee and the remuneration
committee of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited.




50   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Dr. Fung Kwok-lun, William
SBS, OBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 76)

Dr. Fung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since February 2010. He graduated from
Princeton University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering and also holds an MBA degree from the Harvard
Graduate School of Business. He was conferred the degrees of Doctor of Business Administration, honoris causa , by
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, by The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and by Hong Kong
Baptist University and degree of Doctor of Letters, honoris causa , by Wawasan Open University of Malaysia.

Dr. Fung is the chairman and a non-executive director of Convenience Retail Asia Limited, which is within the Fung
Group. He is also an independent non-executive director of VTech Holdings Limited and The Hongkong and Shanghai
Hotels, Limited. Formerly, he was the group non-executive chairman of Li & Fung Limited until October 2020.

Dr. Fung has held key positions in major trade associations. He is the past chairman of the Hong Kong General
Chamber of Commerce (1994–1996), the Hong Kong Exporters’ Association (1989–1991) and the Hong Kong
Committee for Pacific Economic Cooperation (1993–2002). He was a Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
delegate to the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (1998–2003). He has been awarded the Silver
Bauhinia Star by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2008.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Dr. Fung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Dr. Leung Nai-pang, Norman
LLD, GBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 84)

Dr. Leung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since July 2012. He is also a member of
the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company. Dr. Leung is the chairman and an independent non-executive director of Transport International Holdings
Limited.

Dr. Leung has been active in public service for 40 years and he served as Commissioner of the Civil Aid Service from
1993 to 2007, chairman of the Broadcasting Authority from 1997 to 2002, council chairman of City University of Hong
Kong from 1997 to 2003, Pro-Chancellor of City University of Hong Kong from 2005 to 2016, and council chairman
of The Chinese University of Hong Kong from 2016 to 2022.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Dr. Leung is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company, and
HK$60,000 for being a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.




                                                   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      51
Other Information

Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)

Mrs. Leung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2013. She holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Accounting and Business Administration from The University of Hong Kong. She was
the vice-chairman and the chief executive of Hang Seng Bank Limited, the chairman of Hang Seng Bank (China)
Limited, a director of various subsidiaries of Hang Seng Bank Limited, a director of The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited and the Group General Manager of HSBC Holdings plc prior to her retirement from the
HSBC group in June 2012.

Mrs. Leung is currently an independent non-executive director of First Pacific Company Limited, Agricultural Bank of
China Limited and China Mobile Limited. In addition, she was an independent non-executive director of Swire Pacific
Limited, Hutchison Whampoa Limited, China Construction Bank Corporation, QBE Insurance Group Limited,
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and Li & Fung Limited as well as the deputy chairman, managing director and
chief executive of Chong Hing Bank Limited.

Mrs. Leung is a non-official member of the Executive Council, the chairman of the Advisory Committee on Arts
Development of the Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau, and a member of the Advisory Committee on Post-office
Employment for Former Chief Executives and Politically Appointed Officials and the Culture Commission of the
Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. She is also a non-ex officio member of The Law Reform
Commission of Hong Kong, an Honorary Steward of The Hong Kong Jockey Club, and a council member, the treasurer
and the chairman of the finance committee and a member of the human resources policy committee of The University
of Hong Kong. Mrs. Leung was the chairman of the board of governors of Hang Seng Management College and
Hang Seng School of Commerce, a court member of Hong Kong Baptist University, and a member of the advisory board and
the chairman of the investment committee of the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation from 2005 to 2010.
She was also a member of the Greater Pearl River Delta Business Council, the advisory committee of the Securities and
Futures Commission, the Banking Review Tribunal, the Independent Commission on Remuneration for Members of the
Executive Council and the Legislature, and Officials under the Political Appointment System of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, and the Public Service Commission, the chairman of the executive committee of
The Community Chest of Hong Kong, and a member of the board of directors and the finance committee of the
Hospital Authority.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mrs. Leung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Fan Hung-ling, Henry
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 76)

Mr. Fan has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2018. He graduated from
The University of Hong Kong with an honours degree in Economics and Business Management and also holds a Bachelor
of Laws degree from University of Beijing. He is a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong, and in England and Wales as well as
an Attorney-at-Law in the State of California, U.S.A.

Mr. Fan has over 30 years of experience in business management. He was a director and then managing director of
CITIC Pacific Limited (now known as CITIC Limited) from 1990 and 1992 respectively to 2009. In addition, Mr. Fan was
a deputy chairman of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited from 1997 to 2009 and an independent non-executive director of
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited from 2003 to 2009. He is currently an independent non-executive director
of HKR International Limited. Mr. Fan is also the managing director of Hong Kong Glory Limited, a family investment
company.

52   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
Mr. Fan has a long record of public service in Hong Kong. He is the chairman of the Hospital Authority and the board
of directors of West Kowloon Cultural District Foundation Limited. Mr. Fan was a non-official member of the Executive
Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the Chief Executive’s Council of Advisers on
Innovation and Strategic Development, the chairman of the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority,
a non-executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission, and a member of the board of directors of
the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Fan is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
LLB
Non-Executive Director (Age: 90)

Mr. Kwan has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since July 1999 and is a member of both the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Kwan was the managing partner of Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo, Solicitors and had over 62 years of experience in legal practice. He retired as such on 31 March 2021 and
thereafter he was appointed a consultant of the firm. He is a former director and advisor and currently a voting
member of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. He is a vice president of Scout Association of Hong Kong, a vice
chairman of the Scout Performing Arts Committee, a chairman of Air Activities Committee, an adviser of Air Activities
Development Fund Committee, a chairman of Scout Association of Hong Kong Leadership Training Institute
Foundation Management Committee, a member of Programme Committee of Scout Association of Hong Kong and a
vice chairman of World Scout Foundation Baden-Powell Fellowship Hong Kong Chapter. Mr. Kwan is a past member
of the Stamp Advisory Committee and was a committee member of the Hong Kong Philatelic Society up to 31 March
2021 and thereafter was appointed honorary life president of the Hong Kong Philatelic Society. He is an honorary
member of the Federation of Inter-Asia Philately (FIAP), president of FIAP Grand Prix Club, formerly vice president of
FIAP and winner of two Grand Prix International at FIP Exhibitions. He is also a president of the Hong Kong Branch of
the King’s College London Association, a permanent advisor of Wah Yan (Hong Kong) Past Students Association and a
chairman of Wah Yan Dramatic Society. Mr. Kwan is a committee member and legal advisor of South China Athletic
Association and former vice manager of its Football Section as well as manager of its Ten Pin Bowling Section and an
honorary legal advisor of the Hong Kong Society for Reproductive Society.

Mr. Kwan was commissioner general and vice chairman of the Organizing Committees of the Hong Kong 1994, 1997,
2001 and 2004 International Stamp Exhibitions and was commissioner general and chairman of the Organizing
Committees of the Hong Kong 2009 and 2015 International Stamp Exhibitions. He served on the Hong Kong Golf Club
General Committee on several occasions in various capacities. He graduated from King’s College, London University
and is a fellow of King’s College London, the Institute of Arbitrators and the Royal Philatelic Society, London.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwan is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, and HK$60,000 for being a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration
Committee of the Company.




                                                    Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      53
Other Information

Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
BA
Non-Executive Director (Age: 39)

Mr. Kwok has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2018. He holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Economics from Yale University. Mr. Kwok joined the Group in May 2008 and has participated in managing
the hotels and serviced apartments of the Group in Hong Kong and on the mainland. He is a director of a subsidiary in
the hotel division of the Group. Prior to joining the Group, he worked in an international investment bank. He is also a
director of Empire Group Holdings Limited.

Mr. Kwok is a nephew of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
MBA, BSc, SBS
Executive Director (Age: 41)

Mr. Kwok has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2014. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University and a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard Business School. He worked in an international investment bank prior to joining the
Group in November 2008, and has substantial experience in corporate finance. He is currently responsible for the
planning, development and management of residential and commercial projects of the Group in Hong Kong and on
the mainland. Since April 2013, he has taken up the overall responsibilities for the property business in Southern
China. Mr. Kwok is also an independent non-executive director of The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

Mr. Kwok is a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and
a standing committee member of the Guangdong Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He is also a vice-president of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a member of the
Economic Advancement Expert Group of the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit of the Government of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region, a member of the International Advisory Council of the Faculty of Business and
Economics of The University of Hong Kong, an advisor of Our Hong Kong Foundation and a president of Hong Kong
United Youth Association. In addition, Mr. Kwok is a founder and executive chairman of Hong Kong Guangdong
Youth Association, a standing committee member of All-China Youth Federation and a vice-chairman of Greater Bay
Area Homeland Youth Community Foundation. He was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star in 2022 by the Government
of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Kwok is a nephew of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$9.81 million.




54   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
MBA, BSc, JP
Executive Director (Age: 38)

Mr. Kwok has been an Executive Director of the Company since April 2016. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Chemistry from Harvard University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Stanford
Graduate School of Business. He joined the Group in 2011 and is primarily responsible for the leasing of residential,
retail and commercial properties of the Group in Hong Kong and on the mainland. Besides, he assumes the overall
responsibilities for the property business of the Group in Northern China. Mr. Kwok also assists the Chairman of the
Company in all other non-property businesses of the Group in which he is a non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd. Mr. Kwok is also a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

In addition, Mr. Kwok is a member of the General Committee of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong, a governor
of Our Hong Kong Foundation Limited and a member of its Development Committee as well as a council member of
Hong Kong Chronicles Institute Limited. He is also a member of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Chinese
People’s Political Consultative Conference, a vice-chairman of Greater Bay Area Homeland Youth Community
Foundation, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee and its History Sub-committee of the Leisure and
Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey, and the younger brother of
Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$9.15 million, including
a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Tung Chi-ho, Eric
BA(AS)Hons, BArch, HKIA, Registered Architect, Authorised Person (List of Architects)
Executive Director (Age: 65)

Mr. Tung has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Tung holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Architectural Studies and a Bachelor of Architecture degree from The University of Hong Kong. He is a
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Architects and a Registered Architect. Mr. Tung joined the Group in 1987 and
has progressed through the ranks with increasing project management, sales and marketing responsibilities for a
number of signature projects of the Group in Hong Kong and Singapore and on the mainland. He is also an executive
director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Tung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$23.77 million,
including a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.




                                                     Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED     55
Other Information

Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
BA, Ph.D.
Executive Director (Age: 56)

Mr. Fung has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company, the chief executive officer of the Group’s non-property related portfolio investments, and
a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from
Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–1994
and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996–1997. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. as well as a deputy chairman and an executive director of SmarTone
Telecommunications Holdings Limited. He is also a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in 1997. He primarily
served clients on the mainland and in Hong Kong, and also served institutions in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung
was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong
from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong Chinese to become
a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president
of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups and a board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board. He has also
been elected a professor of practice of The Hong Kong Management Association and a member of its Executive
Committee.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Fung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$23.50 million,
including fees of HK$52,500 and HK$162,000 for being a vice chairman and a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. as
well as a deputy chairman and a director of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited respectively.

Fung Sau-yim, Maureen
BSc(Hons) Est. Mgt., MHousMan (Distinction), MBA, FHKIS, FRICS, RPS (GP), CIREA, FISCM
Executive Director (Age: 62)

Ms. Fung has been an Executive Director of the Company since August 2022. She is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Fung holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Estate Management from University of Reading, United Kingdom, an MBA degree from Northeast
Louisiana University, United States and a Master’s degree of Housing Management with distinction from The University
of Hong Kong. She was elected as distinguished alumni of the Centre of Urban Studies and Urban Planning of
The University of Hong Kong (1980–2010). She is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and The Royal
Institution of Chartered Surveyors, a registered professional surveyor and a China Real Estate Appraiser. She is also the
founding chairman of the Institute of Shopping Centre Management in Hong Kong.

Ms. Fung joined the Group in 1991 and has progressed through the ranks. She is responsible for strategic planning,
development and management of various key shopping malls of the Group in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing
and Hangzhou.




56   Interim Report 2024/25    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
Ms. Fung is a board member of Ocean Park Corporation as well as a member of the Aviation Development and
Three-runway System Advisory Committee. She is also a member of the Tourism Strategy Group under the Tourism
Commission and the Advisory Committee on Arts Development both of the Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau.
Ms. Fung was granted Hong Kong ten outstanding woman volunteer award by Radio Television Hong Kong and
Hong Kong Young Women’s Christian Association, the Secretary of Home Affair’s Certificate of Commendation and
the Chief Executive’s Commendation for Community Service.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Ms. Fung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$24.91 million.

Chan Hong-ki, Robert
BSc(BS), MHKIS, MRICS, RPS(BS), AP(Surveyor)
Executive Director (Age: 60)

Mr. Chan has been an Executive Director of the Company since August 2022. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chan graduated from
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and holds a Bachelor’s degree from University of Greenwich. He is a member of
The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and a registered professional
surveyor. He is also an Authorised Person under the Buildings Ordinance (Chapter 123 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Mr. Chan joined the Group in 1993 and has progressed through the ranks. He is a project director for various key
residential, commercial, industrial and mixed developments of the Group in Hong Kong, Hangzhou and Guangzhou,
and is also responsible for design aspects including architectural, structural, electrical and mechanical, landscape and
interior design of various development projects of the Group. In addition, he has been involved in conducting feasibility
studies on most of the new tender sites. He is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. and a director
of BEAM Society Limited.

For the year ended 30 June 2024, Mr. Chan is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$18.80 million,
including a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
EMBA, BA
Alternate Director to Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Age: 44)

Mr. Kwok has been an Alternate Director to Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond since July 2012. He is also a director of
certain subsidiaries of the Company. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University and a Postgraduate
Diploma in Professional Accountancy from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He has also obtained an Executive
MBA degree from Kellogg School of Management and HKUST Business School in December 2017. His professional
qualifications include being a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since
September 2020 and being a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales since
February 2020. In addition, Mr. Kwok has been an alternate director to Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond at Wing Tai
Properties Limited since April 2015.




                                                     Interim Report 2024/25     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       57
Other Information
Mr. Kwok has joined the Group since January 2010 and is now a sales and project manager, responsible for feasibility
study, marketing and planning of new residential projects of the Group in Hong Kong. Before joining the Group,
Mr. Kwok worked in a major international audit firm.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey, and the elder brother of
Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher.



All the Directors and Alternate Directors of the Company have not entered into any service contract with the Company.
In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and shall
be eligible for re-election at the annual general meetings of the Company, and the appointment of Alternate Directors
will cease if their appointors cease to be Directors of the Company.

The Directors’ fees are proposed by the Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders of the Company at the
annual general meeting and their other emoluments are subject to review by the Board of Directors from time to time
pursuant to the power given to it under the articles of association of the Company with reference to their contributions
in terms of time, effort and accomplishments. Alternate Directors shall not be entitled to receive from the Company
any remuneration in respect of their appointment as Alternate Directors except only such part (if any) of the
remuneration otherwise payable to their appointors as such appointors may by notice in writing to the Company from
time to time direct.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of the senior management of the Group.




58   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as adopted
by the Company, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

1.        Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company


                                                               Number of shares held
                                                     Family
                                     Personal      interests          Corporate                                        Number of                         % of
                                     interests    (interests           interests                                       underlying                      issued
                                      (held as    of spouse        (interests of                                      shares held                      voting
                                    beneficial      or child         controlled           Other                      under equity                 shares as at
Name of Directors                      owner)     under 18)        corporation)        interests         Sub-total    derivatives         Total    31.12.2024
                                                               1                               2,3&9
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond               188,743     1,580,000                   –    611,563,991         613,332,734              –   613,332,734         21.17
Wong Chik-wing, Mike                  497,695             –                   –              –             497,695              –       497,695          0.02
Lui Ting, Victor                      160,000             –                   –              –             160,000              –       160,000          0.01
Wong Yue-chim, Richard                  5,000         1,0001                  –              –               6,000              –         6,000          0.00
Li Ka-cheung, Eric                          –         4,0281                  –              –               4,028              –         4,028          0.00
Fung Kwok-lun, William                220,000         9,7391                  –              –             229,739              –       229,739          0.01
Leung Nai-pang, Norman                 20,000        10,8331                  –              –              30,833              –        30,833          0.00
Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret             15,372             –                   –              –              15,372              –        15,372          0.00
Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                     –             –                   –    584,244,3604,5&9    584,244,360              –   584,244,360         20.16
Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                          –             –              32,0006   592,318,2357,8&9    592,350,235              –   592,350,235         20.44
Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher            110,00010      60,0001                  –    590,405,0882,3&9    590,575,088              –   590,575,088         20.38
Chan Hong-ki, Robert                  100,000             –                   –              –             100,000              –       100,000          0.00
Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                    32,000             –                   –    590,405,0892,3&9    590,437,089              –   590,437,089         20.38
     (Alternate Director to
         Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)


Notes:

1.        These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of the Director concerned.

2.        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in 42,317,805 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
          founder and a beneficiary of two discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares:

          (a)      Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher was deemed to be interested in 21,158,902 shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary
                   of one of the said discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests
                   and were therefore duplicated between Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher; and

          (b)      Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward was deemed to be interested in 21,158,903 shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of the
                   other of the said discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests
                   and were therefore duplicated between Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.


                                                                           Interim Report 2024/25            SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                59
Other Information
3.    Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in
      569,246,186 shares in the Company by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of
      the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

4.    Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was deemed to be interested in 232,332,799 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

5.    Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was also deemed to be interested in 351,911,561 shares in the Company by virtue of him being
      a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

6.    These shares in the Company were held by a corporation wholly-owned and controlled by Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam.

7.    Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam was deemed to be interested in 21,158,903 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

8.    Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam was also deemed to be interested in 571,159,332 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

9.    Of the said 569,246,186 shares, 351,911,561 shares and 571,159,332 shares in the Company as stated in Notes 3, 5 and 8
      above respectively, Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun,
      Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in 120,728,723 shares in the Company by virtue of them
      being beneficiaries of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same
      interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

10.   These shares in the Company were held jointly with the spouse of Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher.


2.    Long positions in shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company
      (a)   SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)

                                                             Number of shares held

                                                             Family
                                              Personal     interests                                    Number of                         % of
                                              interests   (interests                                    underlying                      issued
                                               (held as   of spouse                                    shares held                      voting
                                             beneficial     or child           Other                  under equity                 shares as at
            Name of Directors                   owner)    under 18)         interests       Sub-total  derivatives1       Total     31.12.2024

            Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                  –            –        3,485,0002&3      3,485,000           –     3,485,000           0.15
            Wong Chik-wing, Mike               218,000            –                –           218,000           –       218,000           0.01
            Lui Ting, Victor                       356            –                –               356           –           356           0.00
            Leung Nai-pang, Norman             341,000          1424               –           341,142           –       341,142           0.01
            Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                  –            –       11,927,6582&5     11,927,658           –    11,927,658           0.51
            Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                       –            –       11,927,6582&5     11,927,658           –    11,927,658           0.51
            Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher               –            –       13,272,6582,3&5   13,272,658           –    13,272,658           0.57
            Fung Yuk-lun, Allen              4,000,000            –                –         4,000,000   4,000,000     8,000,000           0.34
            Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                      –            –       13,272,6582,3&5   13,272,658           –    13,272,658           0.57
              (Alternate Director to
                  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)




60    Interim Report 2024/25            SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
    Notes:

    1.   These underlying shares held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for the time
         being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme.
         Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2024 were as
         follows:



                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                             Exercise                        Balance      Granted      Exercised       Lapsed       Balance
                                  Date of        price         Exercise         as at       during        during        during         as at
         Name of Director          grant    per share           period    01.07.2024    the period    the period    the period   31.12.2024
                                                 (HK$)

         Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   04.05.2022      6.532      04.05.2023 to    4,000,000            –             –             –     4,000,000
                                                            03.05.2027


         The above share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant,
         up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant
         from the third anniversary of the date of grant.

    2.   Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
         and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in 2,140,000 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them
         being beneficiaries of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented
         the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

    3.   Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were also deemed to
         be interested in 1,345,000 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for
         the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated
         amongst them.

    4.   These shares in SUNeVision were held by the spouse of the Director concerned.

    5.   Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
         were also deemed to be interested in 9,787,658 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a
         discretionary trust for the benefit of the sons of the late Mr. Kwok Ping-sheung, Walter, of Mr. Kwok Ping-kwong,
         Thomas and of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond respectively for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares
         represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




                                                         Interim Report 2024/25          SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                       61
Other Information
     (b)   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (“SmarTone”)

                                                      Number of shares held

                                               Personal                                   Number of                            % of
                                               interests                                  underlying                         issued
                                                (held as                                 shares held                         voting
                                              beneficial         Other                  under equity                    shares as at
           Name of Directors                     owner)       interests       Sub-total  derivatives           Total     31.12.2024
                                                                          1
           Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                    –      5,162,337         5,162,337             –     5,162,337            0.47
                                                                       2
           Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                    –      6,849,161         6,849,161             –     6,849,161            0.62
                                                                       2
           Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                         –      6,849,161         6,849,161             –     6,849,161            0.62
                                                                       1&2
           Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher                 –     12,011,498        12,011,498             –    12,011,498            1.09
           Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                  437,359              –           437,359             –       437,359            0.04
                                                                       1&2
           Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                        –     12,011,498        12,011,498             –    12,011,498            1.09
                (Alternate Director to
                   Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)


           Notes:

           1.       Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be
                    interested in 5,162,337 shares in SmarTone by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for the
                    purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated
                    amongst them.

           2.       Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
                    were deemed to be interested in 6,849,161 shares in SmarTone by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a
                    discretionary trust for the benefit of the sons of the late Mr. Kwok Ping-sheung, Walter, of Mr. Kwok Ping-kwong,
                    Thomas and of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond respectively for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares
                    represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




62   Interim Report 2024/25          SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
  (c)   Transport International Holdings Limited (“Transport International”)

                                                      Number of shares held

                                                     Personal                                    Number of                                        % of
                                                     interests                                   underlying                                     issued
                                                      (held as                                  shares held                                     voting
                                                    beneficial                                 under equity                                shares as at
                                                                                                            1
        Name of Directors                              owner)                  Sub-total         derivatives                   Total        31.12.2024
                                                                  2
        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                       625,107                    625,107            830,000            1,455,107                   0.29
        Lui Ting, Victor                              300,000                    300,000                  –              300,000                   0.06
        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                             17,600                     17,600            830,000              847,600                   0.17
        Leung Nai-pang, Norman                        644,774                    644,774            920,000            1,564,774                   0.31
        Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                 –                          –            830,000              830,000                   0.16


        Notes:

        1.   These underlying shares held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for the time
             being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by Transport International under its share option
             scheme. Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2024
             were as follows:

                                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                     Exercise                            Balance      Granted      Exercised         Lapsed       Balance
                                          Date of        price             Exercise         as at       during        during          during         as at
             Name of Directors             grant    per share               period    01.07.2024    the period    the period      the period   31.12.2024
                                                         (HK$)
             Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond   19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –             –               –       400,000
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –             –               –       430,000
                                                                        30.03.2028

             Li Ka-cheung, Eric        19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –             –               –       400,000
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –             –               –       430,000
                                                                         30.03.2028

             Leung Nai-pang, Norman    19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      450,000            –             –               –       450,000
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      470,000            –             –               –       470,000
                                                                        30.03.2028

             Fung Yuk-lun, Allen       19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –             –               –       400,000
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –             –               –       430,000
                                                                        30.03.2028


             The above share options can be exercised up to 50% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant
             and in whole or in part of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant.

        2.   Of these shares in Transport International, 620,148 shares were held jointly with the spouse of Mr. Kwok
             Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                                 Interim Report 2024/25             SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                      63
Other Information
     (d)   Each of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher,
           Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward had the following interests in shares of the
           following associated corporations:

                                                                                                                 Actual % of interests
                                                                                      Actual shares held       in issued voting shares
           Name of associated corporations                                          through corporation               as at 31.12.2024
                                                                                                           1
           Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                25                         25.00
                                                                                                        1
           Tinyau Company Limited                                                                     1                         50.00
                                                                                                        1
           Open Step Limited                                                                          8                         80.00
                                                                                                        1
           Vivid Synergy Limited                                                            963,536,900                         20.00


           Note:

           1.      Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
                   and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of them being beneficiaries of
                   certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and
                   were therefore duplicated amongst them.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company were,
under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, taken to be interested or deemed to have any other interests or short
positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations that were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or that were required
to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company follows the Model Code in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for the Directors of
the Company in their dealings in the securities of the Company. In response to specific enquiry made by the Company,
all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the six months ended
31 December 2024.


SHARE OPTION AND SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
The Company had no share option scheme or share award scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2024.

Both SUNeVision and SmarTone (being subsidiaries of the Company) operate share option schemes in order to provide
incentives to their participants to make more contributions to their respective groups. Participants of their respective
share option schemes may be granted rights to subscribe for their respective new shares at pre-determined exercise
prices during the exercise periods.

In addition, in order to provide incentives to the participants to make more contributions to the SmarTone group,
SmarTone has adopted a share award scheme under which shares of SmarTone will be acquired by a trustee from the
market at the cost of SmarTone and be held in trust for selected employees of the SmarTone group until the end of
each vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are
not required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of SmarTone will be issued
under the share award scheme.




64   Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
A Director of the Company holds share options granted by SUNeVision under its share option scheme. Details of these
share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the section headed
“Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above.

Neither SUNeVision nor SmarTone is a principal subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Chapter 17 of the
Listing Rules and the Company is not subject to the obligations thereunder insofar as the share schemes (including
share option schemes and/or share award schemes) of SUNeVision and SmarTone are concerned.


INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER PERSONS
As at 31 December 2024, substantial shareholders of the Company and other persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or which were
notified to the Company, were as follows:

                                                                  Number of shares held

                                             Personal          Corporate
                                             interests          interests                                                     % of
                                              (held as      (interests of                                            issued voting
                                            beneficial        controlled               Other                           shares as at
                                               owner)        corporation)           interests              Total        31.12.2024

(i) Substantial shareholders
    HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited                     –                 –       1,335,496,2431&2 1,335,496,243                  46.09
    Kwong Siu-hing                             25,024                 –         814,277,2371(a)&2 814,302,261                 28.10
    Adolfa Limited (“Adolfa”)             231,182,838       120,728,723                   –       351,911,5612&3              12.14
    Bertana Limited (“Bertana”)           231,182,838       120,728,723                   –       351,911,5612&4              12.14
    Cyric Limited (“Cyric”)               231,182,838       120,728,723                   –       351,911,5612&5              12.14

(ii) Other persons
     Highvern Cayman Limited                        –                 –         253,491,7016        253,491,701                8.75
     Kwok Kai-ho, Jonathan                          –                 –         232,332,7986        232,332,798                8.02
     Thriving Talent Limited              195,542,0951(b)             –                   –         195,542,095                6.75
     Thriving Talent Holdings Limited               –       195,542,0951(b)               –         195,542,095                6.75
     Rosy Result Limited                  189,909,0951(c)             –                   –         189,909,095                6.55
     Asporto Limited                      187,357,7076(a)             –                   –         187,357,707                6.47


Notes:

1. (a) Madam Kwong Siu-hing was deemed to be interested in 814,277,237 shares in the Company by virtue of her being a founder
       of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. These shares formed part of the shares in the Company in
       which HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested by virtue of it being the trustee of certain discretionary trusts
       and were therefore duplicated between these two substantial shareholders.




                                                            Interim Report 2024/25      SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED            65
Other Information
     (b) In addition to the deemed interests as stated in Note 1(a) above, HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in
         219,247,771 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV
         of the SFO. Of these shares, 195,542,095 shares represented the same interests held by Thriving Talent Limited (which was a
         wholly-owned subsidiary of Thriving Talent Holdings Limited) and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

        The 219,247,771 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
        in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief
        Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between them.

     (c) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 217,334,625 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the
         trustee of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares, 189,909,095 shares represented the
         same interests held by Rosy Result Limited and were therefore duplicated between them.

        The 217,334,625 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
        in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward as disclosed
        in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated
        amongst them.

     (d) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 84,635,610 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
         of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares, 21,158,903 shares, 21,158,902 shares
         and 21,158,903 shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam,
         Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward respectively as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’
         and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited and each of these
         respective Directors.

        The 21,158,902 shares and 21,158,903 shares deemed to be interested by Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok
        Ho-lai, Edward respectively as disclosed in the above paragraph were also deemed to be interested by Mr. Kwok Ping-luen,
        Raymond and such shares were also the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen,
        Raymond as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were
        therefore duplicated between HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited and Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond.

     (e) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was also deemed to be interested in 1,000 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
         of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

2.      Of the respective shares in the Company held by Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric, 120,728,723 shares were held through
        corporations of which each of Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric was interested in one-third of the entire issued share capital. These
        120,728,723 shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst these companies. Further, the
        respective shares held by Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric formed part of the shares in the Company in which each of
        Madam Kwong Siu-hing and HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested.

3.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed
        in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated
        between them.

4.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam as disclosed in
        the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between
        them.

5.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond,
        Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and
        Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




66     Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
6. (a) Highvern Cayman Limited was deemed to be interested in 211,173,896 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
       of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. These shares represented the same interests in which Mr. Kwok Kai-ho,
       Jonathan was deemed to be interested by virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the
       SFO and were therefore duplicated between them. Of these shares, 187,357,707 shares represented the same interests held
       by Asporto Limited and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

      The 211,173,896 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
      in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief
      Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

  (b) In addition to the deemed interests as stated in Note 6(a) above, Highvern Cayman Limited was deemed to be interested in
      42,317,805 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.
      Of these shares, 21,158,902 shares and 21,158,903 shares represented the same interests in which each of Mr. Kwok Kai-ho,
      Jonathan and Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was respectively deemed to be interested by virtue of them being beneficiaries of
      certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO and were therefore duplicated between Highvern Cayman Limited and
      each of Mr. Kwok Kai-ho, Jonathan and Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey respectively. The above 21,158,903 shares deemed to
      be interested by Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of
      Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, there were no other persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or which were
notified to the Company.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMES OF THE GROUP
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed more than 40,000 employees. The related employees’ costs before
reimbursements for the six months ended 31 December 2024 amounted to approximately HK$7,568 million.
Compensation for the Group is made with reference to the market as well as individual performance and contributions.
Extensive use of bonuses to link performance with reward is adopted. The Group also provides a comprehensive
benefit package and career development opportunities, including retirement schemes, medical benefits, and both
internal and external training appropriate to individual needs. Share option and share award schemes have also been
adopted by certain subsidiaries of the Company to provide appropriate long-term incentive to the key staff of the
Group.


BASIS OF DETERMINING EMOLUMENT TO DIRECTORS
The same remuneration philosophy also applies to the Directors of the Company. Apart from benchmarking against
the market, the Company looks at individual competence and contributions and the affordability of the Company in
determining the exact level of remuneration for each Director. Appropriate benefits schemes are also in place for the
Executive Directors.




                                                            Interim Report 2024/25       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED             67
Other Information

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has declared an interim dividend of HK$0.95 per share
(2023: HK$0.95 per share) for the six months ended 31 December 2024 to the shareholders of the Company
(the “Shareholders”) whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 14 March 2025.
The interim dividend will be payable in cash on Thursday, 20 March 2025. Shares of the Company will be traded
ex-dividend as from Wednesday, 12 March 2025.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The record date for ascertaining Shareholders’ entitlement to the interim dividend will be Friday, 14 March 2025,
during which the register of members of the Company will be closed and no transfer of shares will be registered.
In order to establish entitlements to the interim dividend, Shareholders must lodge all transfer documents accompanied
by the relevant share certificates for registration with Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on
Thursday, 13 March 2025.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the six months ended 31 December 2024.


REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The interim results for the six months ended 31 December 2024 are unaudited, but have been reviewed in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants by
Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, whose report on review of condensed consolidated financial statements is set out
on page 18 of this report. The interim results have also been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee
of the Company.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
During the six months ended 31 December 2024, the Company has complied with the code provisions (the “Code
Provisions”) of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except that there is no
separation of the roles of chairman and chief executive as required under Code Provision C.2.1. However, the powers
and authorities have not been concentrated as all major decisions have been made in consultation with the Board and
appropriate Board committees, as well as top management. In addition, there are two Non-Executive Directors and
seven Independent Non-Executive Directors on the Board offering their experience, expertise, independent advice and
views from different perspectives. The Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate balance of power and
safeguards in place.




By order of the Board
Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy
Company Secretary

Hong Kong, 27 February 2025



68   Interim Report 2024/25   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
