     Contents
 2   Board of Directors and Committees
 3   Financial Highlights and Corporate Information
 4   Chairman’s Statement
18   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
19   Consolidated Income Statement
20   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
21   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
22   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
23   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
25   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
42   Financial Review
49   Other Information




            Smartphone and tablet users can download PDF version via QR Code Reader



                Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       1
Board of Directors and Committees

              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                         Executive Directors   Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Chairman & Managing Director)
                                               Wong Chik-wing, Mike (Deputy Managing Director)
                                               Lui Ting, Victor (Deputy Managing Director)
                                               Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
                                               Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
                                               Tung Chi-ho, Eric
                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
                                               Chan Hong-ki, Robert
                                               Kwok Ho-lai, Edward (Alternate Director to Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)
                    Non-Executive Directors    Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
      Independent Non-Executive Directors      Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Wong Yue-chim, Richard
                                               Li Ka-cheung, Eric
                                               Fung Kwok-lun, William
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret
                                               Fan Hung-ling, Henry


                             COMMITTEES
                       Executive Committee     Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
                                               Wong Chik-wing, Mike
                                               Lui Ting, Victor
                                               Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
                                               Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
                                               Tung Chi-ho, Eric
                                               Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
                                               Chan Hong-ki, Robert
                                               Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy
                                               Li Ching-kam, Frederick
                                               Lam Ka-keung, Henry
                                               Lo King-wai
    Audit and Risk Management Committee        Li Ka-cheung, Eric*
                                               Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               Wong Yue-chim, Richard
                  Remuneration Committee       Wong Yue-chim, Richard*
                                               Li Ka-cheung, Eric
                                               Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                     Nomination Committee      Wong Yue-chim, Richard*
                                               Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
                                               Yip Dicky Peter
                                               Leung Nai-pang, Norman
                                               Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret
                                               *   Committee Chairman




2   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Highlights and Corporate Information

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
For the six months ended 31 December                                                        2025                2024          Change (%)

Financial Highlights (HK$ million)
Group Revenue                                                                            52,705               39,933                +32.0
Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders
  — Reported                                                                             10,247                7,523                +36.2
                 (1)
  — Underlying                                                                           12,213               10,463                +16.7
                         (2)
Gross rental income                                                                      12,285               12,280                 +0.0
                     (2)
Net rental income                                                                         8,950                9,004                 -0.6
Financial Information per Share (HK$)
Basic earnings per share for profit attributable to
  the Company’s shareholders
  — Reported                                                                                3.54                 2.60               +36.2
  — Underlying (1)                                                                          4.21                 3.61               +16.7
Interim dividend                                                                            0.98                 0.95                +3.2

Notes:
(1) Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders excluded the net effect of changes in the valuation of investment properties
(2) Including contributions from joint ventures and associates


CORPORATE INFORMATION
Company Secretary                           Share Registrar                                Principal Bankers
Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor               Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                              Services Limited                             Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Auditor                                     Shops 1712-1716                                  (Asia) Limited
                                            17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    Bank of Communications (Hong Kong)
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                    183 Queen’s Road East                            Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity           Wan Chai                                       The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking
  Auditors                                  Hong Kong                                        Corporation Limited
                                                                                           Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered Office                           Solicitors                                     DBS Bank Ltd.
                                                                                           Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
45th Floor, Sun Hung Kai Centre             Woo Kwan Lee & Lo                                Limited
30 Harbour Road                             Johnson Stokes & Master                        China Construction Bank (Asia)
Hong Kong                                   Sit, Fung, Kwong & Shum                          Corporation Limited
Telephone     : (852) 2827 8111
                                                                                           Hang Seng Bank Limited
Facsimile     : (852) 2827 2862
                                                                                           MUFG Bank, Ltd
Website       : www.shkp.com
E-mail        : shkp@shkp.com

CHOICE OF LANGUAGE OR MEANS OF RECEIPT OF CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS
This interim report (English and Chinese versions) is available on the Company’s website (www.shkp.com) and the website
of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk). Details of the arrangements for disseminating
corporate communications are set out in the “Investor Relations” section of the Company’s website.

Shareholders may at any time change their choice of language and/or means of receipt of the Company’s future
corporate communications by giving reasonable notice (of not less than 7 days) in writing. Such request may be sent to
the Company c/o Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (“Computershare”, the Share Registrar of the
Company) by email at shkp@computershare.com.hk or by post at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wan Chai, Hong Kong or by completing, signing and returning the relevant reply form to the Company c/o
Computershare.




                                                               Interim Report 2025/26        SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                3
Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.


RESULTS
The Group’s underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders for the six months ended 31 December 2025,
excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to HK$12,213 million, compared to
HK$10,463 million for the corresponding period last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$4.21, compared to
HK$3.61 for the same period last year.

Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company’s shareholders were HK$10,247 million
and HK$3.54 respectively, compared to HK$7,523 million and HK$2.60 for the corresponding period last year. The
reported profit for the period included a decrease in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and
non-controlling interests of HK$304 million, compared to a decrease of HK$2,034 million for the same period last year.


DIVIDEND
The directors have declared an interim dividend payment of HK$0.98 per share for the six months ended 31 December 2025,
an increase of 3% from the corresponding period last year. The dividend will be payable on 19 March 2026.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Development Profit and Rental Income
Development Profit
For the period under review, the Group’s profit generated from property sales reached HK$4,885 million, as compared
to HK$2,506 million during the corresponding period last year. Contracted sales during the period totalled about
HK$18,900 million in attributable terms.

Rental Income
During the period, the Group’s gross rental income, inclusive of contributions from joint ventures and associates,
remained flat year-on-year at HK$12,285 million, while net rental income decreased by 1% year-on-year to
HK$8,950 million.


Property Business – Hong Kong
Land Bank
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s attributable land bank in Hong Kong amounted to some 57.3 million square
feet. Of these, about 38.2 million square feet were diversified completed properties, an overwhelming majority of
which were for rental and long-term investment purposes. These properties contributed to the Group’s sizeable
recurring income. Approximately 13.2 million square feet of the remainder were residential properties under
development for sale, sufficient to meet the Group’s medium-term development needs. The Group will continue to
replenish its land bank in Hong Kong through different means to support future business growth when opportunities arise.




4   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
In accordance with this strategy, the Group continued to replenish its development land bank in Hong Kong during the
period under review. In November 2025, the Group won a tender for the Tuen Mun A16 Station Package One Property
Development. Located in a mature community with a well-established transportation network and comprehensive
amenities in Tuen Mun South, the site is just a 15-minute drive from the Hong Kong International Airport and is
planned for development into a residential project with a total gross floor area of around 601,000 square feet. The
MTR Tuen Mun South Extension, targeted for completion in 2030, is expected to further enhance connectivity of the
project to different parts of the city via the rail network.

During the period, as part of its ongoing support for the further development of the Northern Metropolis, the Group
completed lease modification procedures for a residential development in Kwu Tung South, Sheung Shui, increasing its
total gross floor area from about 162,000 square feet to around 1.2 million square feet. Located a few minutes by car
from MTR Kwu Tung Station currently under construction, the project is planned to be developed in phases into over
2,700 small-and medium-sized units, making it the largest residential development in the North District over the past
two decades.

The Group has been actively developing projects in the Northern Metropolis during the past five years, increasing
developable lands through a variety of channels, including the first in-situ land exchange in Hung Shui Kiu. Inclusive of
the Kwu Tung South project mentioned earlier, the Group has undertaken the development of eight projects in the
area, providing around 10,000 flats across a total gross floor area of over 4.5 million square feet to meet market
demands for quality housing. In addition, a taskforce led by senior management and professional advisers was
established to further explore the potential of the new development area.

Property Development
During the period under review, Hong Kong’s primary residential market experienced an increase in transaction volume
and a mild recovery in prices amid stronger demand from both end-users and long-term investors. Easing mortgage
rates and a buoyant stock market drove notable improvement in market sentiment. Residential rents also continued
their upward trajectory amid a steady inflow of non-local talent and students, providing further support to the
residential sales market.

During the period, the Group recorded contracted sales of about HK$17,400 million in attributable terms in Hong
Kong. Cullinan Sky Phase 2 in Kai Tak was a major contributor, while sales from other completed developments
including NOVO LAND Phase 3A in Tuen Mun, Dynasty Court in Mid-Levels, Victoria Harbour in North Point, University
Hill in Tai Po and YOHO WEST Phase 1 in Tin Shui Wai continued to receive positive market responses. In January 2026,
the Group launched SIERRA SEA Phase 2A and 2B in Sai Sha, achieving an overwhelming market response with a
record-high subscription and contracted sales of more than HK$9,000 million.

Adhering to the spirit of “Building Homes with Heart”, the Group is dedicated to creating long-term value for
customers through the delivery of premium properties and thoughtful, value-adding services. With full ownership of
most residential projects, the Group leverages a vertically integrated business model to maintain direct control over
critical elements of the projects – from land acquisition to construction and property management, ensuring stringent
standards at every stage. The outstanding quality of the Group’s projects is evidenced by the securement of all top five
positions in a property inspection ranking conducted by a well-recognized media outlet in 2025. In addition, the SHKP
Club continues to uphold its customer-centric culture, enabling the Group to maintain close communication with
customers, deepen long-term relationships and stay attuned to evolving customer preferences and market trends. To
enhance residents’ quality of life, the Group leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and 5G technology to create a
comprehensive smart-living ecosystem within its new residential developments. As Hong Kong’s first residential project
to secure a WiredScore platinum pre-certification, SIERRA SEA equipped homes with a smart system and an in-wall
Wi-Fi system to facilitate a smart home lifestyle.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        5
Chairman’s Statement
The Sai Sha project has received an overwhelming market response. This significantly enhanced the Group’s brand
reputation in delivering large-scale integrated developments and established a strong foothold for future sales phases.
Designed to meet the aspirations of a modern generation, the development is surrounded by nature and has been
thoughtfully designed to encompass sports facilities, pet-friendly amenities and open green space. During the period,
the first batch of residents in SIERRA SEA moved in. Their living experience is further enhanced by the neighbouring
GO PARK Sai Sha, a new landmark that integrates nature, sports and entertainment. The second phase of the complex
opened recently, introducing additional retail, dining and lifestyle amenities.

During the period, a total of three projects in Hong Kong with an attributable gross floor area of about 2.5 million
square feet were ready for handover. Of these, some 1.9 million square feet were residential properties for sale, with
the remainder being retail space kept for rental purpose and long-term investment. Project details are shown in the
table below.


Project                      Location                        Usage                      Group’s             Attributable
                                                                                        Interest        Gross Floor Area
                                                                                             (%)           (square feet)
Cullinan Sky /               10 Concorde Road,               Residential /                  100                 1,286,000
Cullinan Sky Mall            Kai Tak                         Shopping Centre
SIERRA SEA                   8 Hoi Ying Road,                Residential                    100                   861,000
Phases 1A(2) & 1B            Sai Sha
Scramble Hill                98 How Ming Street,             Shopping Centre                72.7                  364,000
                             Kwun Tong
Total                                                                                                           2,511,000


Approximately 1.9 million square feet of attributable gross floor area are scheduled for completion in the second half
of this financial year, including about 0.6 million square feet of residential premises for sale. The remaining 1.3 million
square feet are mainly from International Gateway Centre (IGC), the office portion of High Speed Rail West Kowloon
Terminus Development.

Property Investment
During the period under review, the Group’s property investment portfolio in Hong Kong continued to deliver a
substantial and stable recurring income. While gross rental income inclusive of contributions from joint ventures and
associates remained flat year-on-year at HK$8,797 million, the Group maintained the overall occupancy of the portfolio
at a high level.

Completed Properties
Ongoing improvements in consumer sentiment, sustained growth in visitor arrivals, and a versatile calendar of mega
events contributed to year-on-year growth of tenant sales in the Group’s malls. To stay abreast of the latest market
trends, the Group continued to leverage proactive strategies to enhance the attractiveness of its malls, turning them into
lifestyle hubs with strong community ties. During the period, the retail portfolio achieved an average occupancy of 94%.




6   Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
While the transformation of the retail industry has affected certain segments, the Group’s malls continued to refine
their tenant mix and introduce additional offerings, creating an energetic environment that appealed to the youthful
crowd. These included trendy grab-and-go options, overseas streetwear brands, and merchandise of K-Pop stars and
other intellectual properties (IPs). In addition to popular eateries and amusement centres, the Group also added
“live and learn” experiences and trending sports like pickleball and Pilates to the malls. In response to the increasing
popularity of electric vehicles, the Group is expanding its super-fast electric vehicle (EV) charging service across its
extensive network of retail and office properties.

Amid keen competition, unique offline experiences have become increasingly crucial for drawing footfall. To enhance
customer engagement, the Group’s malls hosted interactive events, while their outdoor spaces were utilized for open-
air bazaars and other activities. In addition, the Group continued to dedicate resources to upgrade its malls. Amenities
and al fresco dining areas were enhanced, while pet-friendly facilities were introduced to elevate the overall visitor
experience. Subsequent to the successful launches of Dino Park and Chill Park, New Town Plaza in Sha Tin in
November 2025 unveiled a 40,000-square-foot outdoor podium, NTP Sky Garden, featuring additional seating areas,
multiple photo spots and a captivating fountain show.

To increase customer loyalty, the Group enhanced service standards and introduced new privileges. In July 2025,
The Point, the loyalty programme of SHKP malls with over three million members, officially launched a Gold member
tier to better serve its top customers. Gold members enjoy exclusive benefits and experiences, such as bonus points on
spending, express lanes at customer service counters, priority queuing at designated restaurants, and exclusive access
to a VIP lounge. The lounge at New Town Plaza in Sha Tin has recorded a high utilization rate since opening and has
hosted exclusive events in partnership with international brands and tenants. To expand the Group’s loyalty ecosystem,
Gold members automatically receive VIP status in the Go Royal and YATA membership programmes. During the
period, the Group’s malls leveraged AI technology to strengthen cooperation with tenants and other business units of
the Group in their marketing efforts, delivering more personalized content and promotions via The Point app. The
Group also launched a dedicated platform for tenants to tailor campaigns for targeted customer segments through the
app. Participating tenants reported that the app effectively boosted sales and facilitated connections with customers.

The opening of new malls in Kowloon is set to generate incremental contributions to the Group. Scramble Hill, a
500,000-square-foot mall in Kowloon East, began its phased opening in the second half of 2025. The mall aims to
attract nearby residents and the working population with its plentiful open spaces and outdoor dining options, while
fostering synergy with the adjacent APM mall and Millennium City office cluster. The Group holds a 72.7% stake in
the project. Cullinan Sky Mall, a 220,000-square-foot mall in Kai Tak, began its phased opening in late 2025. An initial
wave of tenants, comprising restaurants and shops, has commenced operations on the MTR Kai Tak Station-linked
level, catering to the daily needs of Cullinan Sky residents and the neighbourhood.

The Grade-A office leasing market in Hong Kong has shown signs of improvement. An active financial market and the
influx of talent and capital, coupled with the suspension of commercial land sales, strengthened market momentum.
Leasing activity is accelerating, marked by notable cases of tenant upgrades and expansions, while pressure on rents
showed signs of easing in core business areas including Central and West Kowloon. During the period, both IFC in
Central and ICC in West Kowloon registered demand for upgrades and in-house expansions from finance-related
trades. The occupancy rate of IFC rose to 98%, while ICC maintained a high level of 91%, solidifying their positions as
leading bases for the financial sector. The Millennium City office cluster remained competitive despite intense
competition in Kowloon East. The Group will continue to implement various asset enhancement initiatives for the
properties and surrounding areas in its Kowloon East commercial cluster to further strengthen overall connectivity
and attractiveness.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        7
Chairman’s Statement
Benefitting from an increase in home rents and satisfactory performance of TOWNPLACE developments, the Group’s
rental income from its residential leasing business increased moderately during the period. The recently completed
enhancements at Vega Suites in Tseung Kwan O has transformed former hotel rooms into serviced suites with
comprehensive long-stay facilities, enabling the Group to capture the rising demand from incoming talent and students.

Major Properties under Development
Positioned as a “gateway” linking Hong Kong with the Mainland and the wider global market, International Gateway
Centre (IGC) is the office portion of the Group’s latest world-class commercial complex atop the High Speed Rail West
Kowloon Terminus. As a cornerstone of West Kowloon’s transformation into “Central 2.0”, IGC offers approximately
2.6 million square feet of office space across two twin-block towers, of which about 1.2 million square feet is held by
the Group as a long-term investment. The office complex acts as a two-way gateway, offering an ideal location for
wealth management companies and major corporations to expand into southern China or the global market. With
abundant greenery, flexible floor plates, shared business centres, and vibrant social hubs, IGC redefines the standards
for the modern workplace. Its superior building quality and sustainability features are underscored by an ‘Excellent’
BREEAM rating and the highest levels of pre-certification under LEED, WELL, and BEAM Plus.

The uniqueness of IGC lies in its unparalleled connectivity, being directly connected to Hong Kong’s only High Speed
Rail station and served by four MTR lines. This superior transport network enables convenient access to different parts
of the city, Mainland destinations and the Hong Kong International Airport. The High Speed Rail station has become
the most popular cross-boundary gateway for tourists travelling between Hong Kong and the Mainland, with direct
services now reaching 110 destinations in over 65 Mainland cities. Road transport has also been significantly enhanced
by the partial opening of the Central Kowloon Bypass in late 2025, which shortened travel time between Kai Tak and
West Kowloon to around 10 minutes. In addition, IGC also serves as a crucial piece which completes West Kowloon’s
comprehensive development as a global destination where business facilities converge with cultural landmarks and key
transport infrastructure. Designated as the centrepiece in the district, IGC seamlessly weaves together various
components with terraces, plazas and passageways. A new 1.5-kilometre Sky Walk connects the old communities of
Jordan and Yau Ma Tei directly to the new developments on the harbourfront, contributing to the maturation of the
West Kowloon Cultural District.

Following years of planning, the landmark project of IGC has come to fruition with the handover of a 14-storey block
to anchor tenant UBS in early 2026. Leasing of the remaining space is progressing smoothly. The Group also wholly
owns a 603,000-square-foot podium mall beneath IGC. Together with Elements above MTR Kowloon Station, the mall
will form a complementary retail hub of about 1.6 million square feet, enriching the area with additional retail and
dining amenities. In addition, the construction of the Artist Square Towers Project in the West Kowloon Cultural
District is underway. The three harbourfront towers will provide approximately 672,000 square feet of office space and
27,000 square feet of retail space, offering a low-density work environment designed to complement the surrounding
developments. With completion targeted for 2027, pre-leasing for the project has already commenced. These new
landmark projects will combine with ICC and other existing properties in the neighbourhood to collectively form a
diversified commercial cluster exceeding eight million square feet. In the coming few years, the cluster will stand as the
only new commercial hub in Hong Kong offering comparable scale, strategic accessibility, and premium building
quality, enhancing the city’s role as an international financial and wealth management centre.




8   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement

Property Business – Mainland
Land Bank
As at 31 December 2025, the Group held a total attributable land bank of 64.6 million square feet on the Mainland,
of which about 42.9 million square feet were properties under development. Over 50% of the properties under
development will be built into quality residential and office units for sale.

The remaining 21.7 million square feet were completed properties. An overwhelming majority are held for rental and
long-term investment purposes, with nearly half being signature integrated projects located in prime business hubs in
Shanghai. The Group will continue to focus on developing its existing projects and delivering quality green properties
in key cities on the Mainland that meet the evolving needs of customers.

Property Development
The Mainland residential market remained in a state of consolidation during the period under review. In late 2025, the
Central Government reduced the value-added tax on short-held home transactions, while Beijing further eased home
purchase restrictions in the city. Coupled with a favourable mortgage environment and a national initiative to upgrade
the quality of living, these measures will help further promote the healthy and sustainable development of the property
market over the long term.

During the period, the Group achieved attributable contracted sales of about RMB1,300 million on the Mainland. The
sales were mainly driven by Cullinan West, the exquisite waterfront serviced apartments at the joint-venture
Hangzhou IFC in Qianjiang New City CBD, Hangzhou, which garnered good sales responses. Other contributors included
the wholly-owned Forest Park adjacent to Guangzhou South Railway Station, as well as the joint-venture Oriental Bund
in Foshan.

The Group completed a total attributable gross floor area of about 1.3 million square feet on the Mainland during the
period. The delivery of Phase I of IFC Mansion, the residential portion of the integrated Hangzhou IFC, received
widespread acclaim for its breathtaking view, unique rooftop gardens and magnificent designs. Projects completed
during the period are shown in the following table.


Project                                  Location                    Usage             Group’s          Attributable
                                                                                       Interest     Gross Floor Area
                                                                                           (%)         (square feet)
ICC Residence,                           Yuanqu, Suzhou              Residential             90               531,000
Suzhou Project Phase 4
Cullinan West / One IFC River West,      Qianjiang New City,         Serviced                50               304,000
Hangzhou IFC (River West)                Hangzhou                    Apartment /
                                                                     Office
IFC Mansion Phase I,                     Qianjiang New City,         Residential             45               262,000
Hangzhou IFC (River East)                Hangzhou
TODTOWN Tower,                           Minhang,                    Office                  35               188,000
TODTOWN Phase 3                          Shanghai
Oriental Bund Phase 6C                   Chancheng,                  Shops                   50                23,000
                                         Foshan
Total                                                                                                       1,308,000




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        9
Chairman’s Statement
The final portion of ITC in the heart of Xujiahui CBD, Shanghai, is scheduled for completion in the second half of the
financial year, offering about 5.6 million square feet of premium office, retail and hotel spaces. Other projects
scheduled for completion include Phase II of IFC Mansion in Hangzhou, comprising an attributable gross floor area of
about 359,000 square feet, which has already been sold out.

Property Investment
The Group holds a number of premium integrated developments in prime locations of leading Mainland cities. Known
for their building quality, sustainability credentials and excellent connectivity, these properties deliver a resilient
performance and provide a stable source of recurring income to the Group. During the period under review, the
Group’s gross rental income on the Mainland, inclusive of contributions from joint ventures and associates, remained
relatively steady at RMB2,825 million, with increased contributions from the retail portfolio offsetting the decline in
office rental.

Completed Properties
Comprising primarily premium shopping malls with an attributable gross floor area of nearly nine million square feet,
the Group’s retail portfolio on the Mainland is a major contributor of rental income. Forming part of mixed-use
complexes with excellent transport connectivity, these malls benefit from the synergistic presence of international
brand hotels, high-end apartments and Grade-A offices, creating best-in-class lifestyle destinations. During the period,
the Group’s major malls in first-tier cities reported high occupancies and a recovery of tenant sales.

Supported by nationwide initiatives to boost domestic demand and temporary easing of Sino-US trade tension,
consumer sentiment has improved, with high-end consumption showing signs of recovery since July 2025. As a hub of
top-tier international brands and home-grown premium labels, Shanghai IFC Mall in Little Lujiazui CBD established
itself at the forefront of high-end consumption in Shanghai and the Yangtze River Delta. The mall remained a preferred
destination for renowned brands to set up flagship stores and expand their retail footprint, and registered satisfactory
growth in tenant sales during the period.

In addition to adopting best market practices, the Group’s malls also thrived on emerging trends to drive promotions
and tenant sales. With its proximity to a major stadium, Nanjing IFC Mall in Nanjing’s Hexi CBD tapped into the
emerging “concert economy” by organizing promotions tailored to concertgoers and football fans. The mall also
attracted footfall through hosting fan meetings of celebrities. Leveraging its location in Wangfujing shopping hub,
Beijing APM hopped onto the “ticket-stub economy” bandwagon, driving extended consumer spending by offering
discounts to shoppers who visited nearby attractions in Beijing.

In line with consumer preferences for quality and experiential retail, the Group utilized the outdoor areas of its malls to
foster an amiable atmosphere for driving both foot traffic and spending. Parc Central and IGC, the Group’s joint-
venture malls in Guangzhou, transformed their expansive open spaces with large-scale festive decorations, enhancing
their appeal as must-go destinations for the social media-savvy generation day and night. Under the Group’s proactive
management, both malls continued to register healthy growth in tenant sales.

While headwinds in the office leasing market on the Mainland continued to weigh on rents and occupancy rates, the
Group’s portfolio of Grade-A offices sustained its competitive edge through excellent locations and connectivity,
superior building quality and sustainability features. Together with the availability of amenities within complexes and
the Group’s reputation and professional property management, these attributes appealed to multinational companies
and large domestic corporations. Tower A office of Three ITC in Xujiahui CBD, Shanghai secured a diversified tenant
profile, ranging from retail to medical and professional services. The latest occupancy was over 80%. The Group’s
other landmark offices in Shanghai, such as Shanghai IFC in Pudong and Shanghai ICC in Puxi, have established strong
reputations and customer bases. Tenant retention remained the priority amid keen competition.




10   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
Major Properties under Development
Looking forward, Three ITC in Shanghai is progressing well towards full completion. The final portion comprises the
370-metre office skyscraper Tower B, flagship mall ITC Maison, and hotel Andaz Shanghai ITC. As the tallest building
in Puxi, Tower B will provide some 2.4 million square feet of premium office space in Xujiahui CBD, attracting interest
from renowned multinational corporations. The 2.6-million-square-foot ITC Maison is directly connected to a metro
station. Scheduled for phased opening from the first half of 2026, the mall has drawn interest from various types of
retailers including trendy fashion, lifestyle, a variety of popular restaurants and grab-and-go options. Supported by
broader visa-free arrangements and a streamlined tax refund process, the new mall is well-positioned to draw an
increasing number of visitors. Andaz Shanghai ITC, scheduled to officially open in March 2026, will meet the needs for
premium accommodation and further elevate the comprehensiveness of Three ITC as a one-stop destination for
commerce, shopping, dining, leisure and entertainment.

The Group’s other integrated developments in key Mainland cities are progressing as planned. The joint-venture
Hangzhou IFC is being developed in phases. Following the handover of One IFC River West – a 378,000-square-foot
office tower in River West – to tenants in July 2025, the Group is developing a vibrant shopping mall in River East. The
mall of about 700,000 square feet is scheduled to open in phases from the first half of 2027, timed to serve the new
community residing at IFC Mansion, the residential towers above. The adjacent Central Park will open in 2026,
providing green space for the neighbourhood.

Seamlessly linked to Guangzhou South Railway Station, the integrated project Guangzhou South Station ICC is
scheduled to see the completion of its initial commercial portion in the second half of 2026. A 215,000-square-foot
podium mall, Parc Central (Guangzhou South), attracted leasing interest from a range of retailers including restaurants
and leisure brands. A 291,000-square-foot office tower, One ICC Guangzhou South Station, was partly pre-leased to
an international hospitality brand.


Other Businesses
Hotels
During the period under review, the Group’s hotel portfolio in Hong Kong performed well, with most hotels recording
an increase in revenue per available room (RevPAR). In particular, luxury hotels registered a strong growth in RevPAR,
underpinned by a rise in international visitor arrivals to Hong Kong, along with a vibrant calendar of activities, including
concerts, sports tournaments, and other mega events. A resurgence of IPO-related activities also benefitted the
hospitality market. Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong delivered a particularly strong performance, driven by a further rise
in foreign and corporate travellers. With favourable conditions in place, performance of the hotel portfolio is expected
to continue improving.

The Group’s hotel management remained proactive in enhancing asset value and seizing new market opportunities.
Rebranding the hotel atop MTR Tseung Kwan O Station as The Royal Garden Kowloon East was a key strategic
initiative. The property is undergoing comprehensive renovation for transformation into a new-generation
“Urban Resort”, featuring upgraded guest rooms, pet-friendly designs and themed family suites to capture the
growing demand for staycation and family travel. About one-third of the hotel’s 366 guest rooms had been upgraded
by January 2026, and the entire upgrading programme is scheduled for completion in the third quarter of 2026.
Meanwhile, loyalty programme Go Royal by SHKP continued to expand its membership base to over 260,000 members,
with encouraging spending and redemption trends. Collaborating with The Point in offering exclusive privileges,
Go Royal further strengthened the synergy between the Group’s hospitality and retail property businesses.




                                                       Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        11
Chairman’s Statement
On the Mainland, the Group’s hotel portfolio achieved further business growth. The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong
registered record-high room rates, boosted by the sustained influx of foreign travellers to Shanghai. Andaz Nanjing
Hexi consolidated its leadership position in Nanjing’s high-end hotel market. Four Seasons Hotel Suzhou continued to
ramp up its occupancy, with its distinctive lakeside setting and expansive outdoor areas widely recognized as among
the best in the region. Andaz Shanghai ITC, with over 260 guest rooms, will mark its grand opening in March 2026 as
part of the integrated project Three ITC in Xujiahui. The new premium hotel is set to become one of the leading Andaz
hotels worldwide, with quality comparable to the brand’s hotel in Tokyo.

Telecommunications and Information Technology
SmarTone
During the period under review, SmarTone maintained its leadership in the premium telecommunications market
through focusing its efforts on network quality and broadening its services to meet customers’ evolving needs. The
company demonstrated resilience in profitability despite a very competitive environment.

Several new services were launched, encompassing solutions for smart homes, AI usage, connectivity, scam protection
and parental control. Such services included “SmarTone PRIORITY”, which ensures high-speed performance during
peak traffic periods using 5G technology; “AI Connect”, which facilitates easy access to global AI tools; and
“Kids CARE”, a digital parenting solution to protect children’s well-being. Going beyond meeting basic connectivity
needs, SmarTone strives to enhance customers’ daily lives and offer them support in navigating the fast-changing digital world.

The company’s superior network experience continued to stand out, especially in critical locations such as major
entertainment venues, MTR stations, tunnels and country parks. The company aspires to maintain its position as
Hong Kong’s number one network in terms of quality.

Moving forward, SmarTone will increasingly leverage its strengths to support the Group’s ecosystem across the
residential, retail, hospitality and construction sectors, allowing the Group to provide quality telecom and digital
services to its customers. The Group maintains full confidence in SmarTone’s prospects and will continue to hold the
company as a long-term investment, recognizing its vital role in Hong Kong’s critical digital infrastructure.

SUNeVision
SUNeVision continued its healthy growth during the period under review. The company is meeting growing demand
from Mainland and international hyperscale cloud players, which have been expanding their deployment in Hong Kong
over the past few months. Supported by best-in-class infrastructure and abundant power supply, especially at
SUNeVision’s MEGA IDC, the company offers high-quality and scalable data centre capacity with short order lead
times. SUNeVision’s Mega-i facility, already one of the world’s most established and connected hubs, has also seen
further business growth.

While AI-driven demand is expected to remain strong in the data centre market, ongoing geopolitical tensions and
global economic volatility will continue to pose uncertainties. SUNeVision will continue to exercise the highest level of
cost discipline towards all capital and operating expenditure in order to achieve the best return on capital deployed
for shareholders.

SUNeVision won the Judicial Review case against the Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP)
back in May 2022 regarding unauthorized subletting activities among data centre operators in the industrial estate in
Tseung Kwan O under HKSTP’s management. Since HKSTP has yet to issue any follow-up announcement on
addressing these unlawful activities, SUNeVision strongly encourages the statutory body to disclose any concrete
actions taken. Resolving this issue in the most transparent way is critical for the long-term development of
Hong Kong’s innovation sector.




12   Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
Infrastructure and Other Businesses
During the period under review, the Group’s infrastructure and transport businesses in Hong Kong demonstrated
resilience. Wilson Group’s parking and tunnel management operations continued to deliver stable performances. The
Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre (HKBAC) opened the first phase of its new terminal, and received widespread
praise for its design and customer experience. HKBAC also benefitted from an uptick in business and leisure activities,
reporting solid traffic growth. The major revamp of the Airport Freight Forwarding Centre (AFFC) remains on schedule
for completion by the end of 2026. This upgrade will modernize the entire infrastructure to world-class standards,
meeting the latest needs of tenants for operational efficiency. Amidst a challenging market environment for container
handling in Hong Kong, the River Trade Terminal maintained steady financial performance through disciplined cost control.

To cater to evolving customer preferences, YATA completed the renovation of its Sha Tin flagship supermarket in
September 2025. The upgraded store features an expanded fresh food section and a fully revamped Ready-To-Eat
zone, providing an enhanced overall shopping experience. In addition, a new supermarket concept store “YATA Fresh”
was launched at GO PARK 2 in Sai Sha to better serve the needs of the greater Ma On Shan and Sai Kung
communities. YATA is also strengthening customer engagement through close collaboration with the Group’s malls
and The Point loyalty programme. YATA aims to further enhance its offerings of fresh and high-quality products at
reasonable prices, and to provide a pleasant shopping and grab-and-go experience for customers.


Corporate Finance
The Group continues to uphold its commitment to prudent financial management, which has laid a solid foundation
for future growth. Supported by the strong sales performance of its property development business, the Group
maintained a resilient financial structure with lower gearing, high liquidity and a well-staggered debt maturity profile.
The strong financial position allows the Group to make land acquisitions when appropriate opportunities arise. As of
31 December 2025, the Group recorded a net gearing ratio of 13.5% and an interest coverage of 8.7 times.
Meanwhile, the Group maintains reliable access to liquidity when required, receiving strong support from the banking
community with ample liquidity on standby.

Demonstrating these steadfast efforts and disciplined measures, the Group has received an upgrade in outlook from
S&P Global, achieving A+ rating (stable outlook) in September 2025, while Moody’s maintained an A1 rating (stable
outlook) for the Group. The Group remains one of the highest-rated real estate companies in Hong Kong.

In addition, recent supportive measures on the Mainland designed to boost the economy and revitalize the property
market are gradually taking effect. Supported by its strong credibility, the Group continues to secure bank financing at
competitive rates to fund its Mainland operations.

The Group has maintained a conservative financial stance by refraining from any speculative activities. A substantial
majority of its debt is denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with all US dollar liabilities fully swapped into Hong Kong
dollars to mitigate currency risk. The remaining debt is primarily in Renminbi, providing a natural hedge to better align
with the Group’s Renminbi-denominated assets. Accordingly, the Group’s overall foreign exchange exposure is minimal.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Group is dedicated to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance, a commitment that safeguards
all stakeholders’ interests and fosters sustainable long-term value. This framework underpins the Group’s sustained
growth and bolsters its standing and credibility in the market.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       13
Chairman’s Statement
The Board of Directors oversees the Group’s overall strategies for business operations and its approach to sustainable
development. It is composed of 17 members, including seven seasoned Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs)
who ensure robust oversight. The INEDs possess extensive experience and a deep understanding of the Group’s
operations, while their consistent independence brings valuable, impartial judgment to Board deliberations. This
strategic composition provides a diverse blend of skills and industry knowledge, tailored to navigate the Group’s
ongoing business development. The Group’s governance is further strengthened through four committees. The
Executive Committee supports the Board by developing business policies and managing key decisions. In addition, the
Audit and Risk Management, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees are all chaired by INEDs, with the Audit and
Risk Management Committee composed exclusively of INEDs, thus ensuring that independent views are available to
the Board.

The Group’s excellence in management and its unwavering commitment to strong governance are validated by
prestigious accolades from leading financial publications. At Euromoney’s Real Estate Awards 2025, held during the
period under review, the Group received the top distinction of World’s Best Real Estate Developer and retained its titles
as the Best Real Estate Developer in the Asia-Pacific region, China and Hong Kong.


SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
The Group’s steadfast commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) excellence has earned it solid
industry recognition. In 2025, the Group received an AA rating in the MSCI ESG Ratings and continued as a constituent
of the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index. The Group also retained the highest AAA rating in the Hang Seng
Corporate Sustainability Index Series for the sixth consecutive year.

Environment
During the period under review, the Group reached a significant environmental milestone with the completion of
Hong Kong’s largest and first privately funded solar farm built on a landfill. Located at the South East New Territories
Landfill in Tseung Kwan O, this joint-venture project has begun generating green electricity with an estimated annual
output of 1.2 million kWh, reducing 468 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions each year. To establish a closed-loop ESG
model, the Group’s data centre subsidiary, SUNeVision, has in place a six-year agreement to purchase CLP Renewable
Energy Certificates, which are 100% linked to the electricity generated by the solar farm.

The Group has also installed 20,000 solar panels across managed properties and construction sites, generating roughly
nine million kWh of electricity annually and cutting carbon emissions by about 3,800 tonnes. This solar panel network
is expected to grow to 24,000 by the end of 2026.

The Group boasts one of the largest networks of super-fast EV chargers across all 18 districts in Hong Kong. The
facilities continue to achieve strong utilization rates, underscoring robust demand for green mobility solutions. This
network will expand to 120 chargers by the end of the first quarter of 2026, with additional installations at new
shopping malls, including Scramble Hill and Cullinan Sky Mall.

Community
In the wake of the Tai Po fire, the Group promptly mobilized resources to support the affected residents. Various
business units, including the Group’s shopping malls in Tai Po, YATA, and SmarTone, offered on-the-ground assistance
and emergency supplies, while the Royal hotels provided 160 guest rooms free of charge to displaced residents.




14   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
To further these efforts, The Point launched a platform-based matching donation drive and the SHKP Volunteer Team
delivered essential follow-up support to those in need. These initiatives were reinforced by a HK$20 million donation
from the Group for emergency relief. In addition, all donations raised from the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong
Cyclothon – which was cancelled after the fire – together with the Group’s 1:1 matching contribution, were redirected
to The Community Chest Tai Po Fire Relief Fund.

Upholding the spirit of sports-for-charity, the Group sponsored The Community Chest Corporate Challenge 2025, as it
has for several years. Approximately HK$4.6 million was raised and donated to The Community Chest of Hong Kong
to fund rehabilitation and counselling services, including mental health programmes for young people run by four
social welfare organizations. The Group also sponsored the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong 10K Championships
2025 and the Hong Chi Climbathon 2025 to promote physical well-being and social inclusion.

In line with the HKSAR Government’s initiative to foster a mega-event economy, the Group fully supported the
15th National Games. A total of 25 SHKP malls hosted a variety of promotional activities to unite the community in
cheering for athletes. GO PARK Sai Sha served as a venue for the 2025 National Games Fiesta, hosting sports
experiences and performances that immersed the community in the vibrancy of the Games.

As part of its efforts to nurture the next generation and drive Hong Kong’s development in innovation and technology,
the SHKP Reading Club organized a series of school talks highlighting the nation’s rapid advancements in AI and
aerospace. These activities aimed to broaden students’ horizons and ignite a passion for scientific innovation. The
Group also supported the Government’s Strive and Rise Programme for the third consecutive term, with over 200 employees
serving as mentors each term.

People
The Group has engaged top-notch experts of different fields in devising latest structured training and development
programmes for staff, especially in the latest technology and innovation fields. During the period, over 100 workshops
and webinars to strengthen employees’ capabilities in AI and technology were organized, delivered by professors and
professionals on topics such as generative AI, data analytics and AI coding. Given the Group’s sizeable and diverse
customer base, the programmes focused on the use of AI to enhance customer service across different scenarios. The
Group will continue to invest in such programmes to upskill its staff and enrich the customer experience.


PROSPECTS
The world is facing rising uncertainties with the escalation of geopolitical risks, intensifying protectionism and the
outbreak of conflicts abroad. These, together with the rapid development of AI and robotics, are expected to lead the
global economy into uncharted waters. Despite increasing volatility in the market, anticipated further interest rate cuts
in the U.S., easing Sino-US tensions and accelerated investment in technology should support moderate global
economic growth in 2026.

The Mainland economy continues to demonstrate resilience despite uncertainties from the external environment. Rising
high-technology investment and deeper trade cooperation with ASEAN countries are expected to drive further
economic growth. In addition to an active stock market and a strengthening Renminbi of late, recent initiatives to
expand the nation’s opening-up and stimulate consumption should further strengthen consumer confidence and
spending, supporting the stable growth of the Mainland economy. In addition, the flexibility that allows local
governments to launch city-specific measures for improving supply-demand dynamics should be conducive to medium-
to-long-term development of the residential market.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       15
Chairman’s Statement
With strong support from the Motherland, Hong Kong’s economy is set to maintain steady growth, though
momentum among different industries may vary. Robust IPO-related activities and stock market performance have
reinforced Hong Kong’s position as an international financial centre. In addition, policies supporting family offices and
gold trading have strengthened the asset and wealth management sector, positioning Hong Kong to become the
world’s top wealth management centre. To proactively align with the 15th Five-Year Plan, Hong Kong is accelerating
its development as an international innovation and technology (I&T) centre, while enhancing its “super-connector”
function in helping Mainland companies go global and advancing the internationalization of the Renminbi. Mega
events will continue to boost tourism and vitalize the city, while initiatives to attract talent and build an international
education hub are expected to bring new opportunities. Collectively, these factors are anticipated to underpin a
positive outlook for Hong Kong as it enters a new stage of high-quality development. Lower mortgage interest rates,
rising home rents and an uptick in home prices will support solid home purchase demand, extending the gradual
recovery of the residential market.

Committed to meeting the shifting needs of customers, the Group continues to evolve with the times and proactively
embrace the latest market trends. To foster innovation and enhance efficiency and quality, the Group utilizes the latest
technologies, including AI, to maintain its competitiveness in a fast-changing operating environment. With its strong
financial position, the Group will continue to seize good opportunities to replenish its Hong Kong land bank while
upholding prudent financial management.

For property development, the Group will continue to launch new residential projects, unsold residential units from
completed projects and selected non-core properties when ready. Following the strong sales performance of
SIERRA SEA Phase 2A and 2B, the Group plans to put on the market a number of new residential projects in Hong
Kong over the next 10 months, including the second phase of Cullinan Harbour in Kai Tak, a project near MTR Tsuen
Wan West Station, a project at Sha Po South in Yuen Long, the first phase of a large-scale development adjacent to
MTR Kwu Tung Station, a project near MTR City One Station in Sha Tin, and the first phase of Tung Shing Lei project
in Yuen Long. On the Mainland, the Group plans to launch the prestigious houses at Shanghai Arch in Shanghai along
with new batches of joint-venture developments, such as Cullinan East at Hangzhou IFC (River East) in Hangzhou, the
remaining houses at Lake Genève in Suzhou, and Oriental Bund in Foshan. In addition, the Group will continue to
regularly review its portfolio in order to enhance returns and asset turnover.

The Group will maintain its proactive strategy to sustain high occupancy levels across its rental property portfolio,
ensuring a sizable and relatively stable rental income stream. The approach includes integrating digital technologies
into asset enhancement initiatives to improve operational efficiency and green building performance. The Group will
also focus on fostering strong tenant relationships to address evolving needs and achieve high retention rates.
Additionally, themed fairs and vibrant activities will be organized to position the Group’s shopping malls as dynamic
lifestyle destinations, reinforcing their prominence in the era of experience-driven retail.

Amid improved momentum in the leasing markets in Hong Kong, premium properties in prime locations are likely to
remain preferred choices for tenants under the prevailing flight-to-quality trend. Several new projects will position the
Group to capture such demand. The IGC office towers atop the High Speed Rail West Kowloon Terminus have been
completed, with one tower handed over to an anchor tenant in early 2026. Scramble Hill in Kowloon East and Cullinan
Sky Mall in Kai Tak have recently welcomed their first batch of tenants. In Shanghai, the final portion of Three ITC,
encompassing office skyscraper Tower B, flagship mall ITC Maison and hotel Andaz Shanghai ITC, is opening in stages
following the completion in early 2026. In Hangzhou, a shopping mall at River East is targeted to open in phases
starting from the first half of 2027, following the completion of office tower One IFC River West. All these new
projects are expected to expand the Group’s recurring income base and generate additional rental income at a
gradual pace.




16   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement
Over the past few decades, Hong Kong has overcome economic and social challenges to emerge as a leading
international financial centre. Through every cycle, the Group has grown alongside its home city, building invaluable
experience and resilience in navigating challenges. The Group continued to pursue new investments and add new
landmarks to the Hong Kong skyline regardless of economic ups and downs. Today, Hong Kong stands at a pivotal
moment of transformation and upgrade driven by technological progress. While remaining highly vigilant against
geopolitical risks, the city seeks to fully leverage its unique advantage of being connected to both the Mainland and
the world, pursuing further development under the strategic positioning of “four centres and a hub” – international
financial, shipping, trade, and I&T centres, as well as an international hub for high-calibre talent.

With change comes opportunity, and the Group is ready to adapt to new circumstances and embrace new
opportunities with its reputable brand, strong financial position, seasoned management and proven strategies. Building
on the successful precedents of IFC and ICC, landmarks completed at the onset of upward market trends, the Group is
confident that IGC is well positioned to capture opportunities arising from Hong Kong’s economic transformation.
Confident in the long-term prospects of both Hong Kong and the Mainland, the Group will continue to enhance
residents’ quality of life through harnessing the latest technologies to deliver high-quality properties and services. This
steadfast commitment will fuel the growth of the Group and the city alike, fostering sustainable communities that
align with Hong Kong’s further integration with national development.


CHANGE OF DIRECTOR
With effect from 3 February 2026, Ms. Fung Sau-yim, Maureen resigned as an Executive Director of the Company due
to health issues.


APPRECIATION
I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to our dedicated staff, whose commitment and perseverance have been
pivotal in sustaining the Group’s resilience amid an evolving economic environment. My gratitude also goes to my
fellow directors for their valuable guidance, and to our shareholders and customers for their unwavering trust and support.




Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman & Managing Director

Hong Kong, 26 February 2026




                                                      Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        17
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 19 to 41, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025 and the related consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated
statement of changes in equity for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review,
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of these
condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial
and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us
to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 February 2026



18   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                                                       Six months ended
                                                                                          31 December

                                                                    Notes                2025              2024

Revenue                                                                  2              52,705          39,933
Direct costs                                                                           (36,687)        (24,414)
Other net income                                                         4                 766              704
Selling and marketing expenses                                                          (1,802)          (2,520)
Administrative expenses                                                                 (1,584)          (1,605)

Operating profit                                                                        13,398          12,098
Change in fair value of investment properties                                           (1,307)         (2,875)
Finance costs                                                                           (1,000)           (1,660)
Finance income                                                                             190               213
Net finance costs                                                        5                (810)           (1,447)
Share of results of:
  Associates                                                                               135               65
  Joint ventures                                                                         2,347            1,807
                                                                                         2,482            1,872

Profit before taxation                                                   6              13,763             9,648
Taxation                                                                 7              (3,178)           (1,807)

Profit for the period                                                                   10,585            7,841

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Company’s shareholders                                                                10,247            7,523
  Non-controlling interests                                                                338              318

                                                                                        10,585            7,841

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Earnings per share based on profit attributable to
  the Company’s shareholders                                         8(a)
  (reported earnings per share)
  Basic and diluted                                                                      $3.54            $2.60


Earnings per share excluding the effect of change in
  fair value of investment properties net of deferred tax            8(b)
  (underlying earnings per share)
  Basic and diluted                                                                      $4.21            $3.61




                                                Interim Report 2025/26       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   19
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                Six months ended
                                                                                   31 December

                                                                                 2025               2024
Profit for the period                                                           10,585             7,841

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Exchange difference on translation of Mainland subsidiaries                      1,294              (864)

Cash flow hedge
 – fair value losses recognized directly through
      other comprehensive income                                                     –                (33)
 – fair value gains transferred to consolidated income statement                   (19)               (16)
                                                                                   (19)               (49)

Fair value gains of debt securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                        1                   1

Share of other comprehensive income/(losses) of associates and joint ventures     311               (193)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

Fair value gains/(losses) of equity securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                       44                 (39)

Share of other comprehensive income of an associate                               101                 52

Other comprehensive income/(losses) for the period                               1,732             (1,092)

Total comprehensive income for the period                                       12,317             6,749


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  Company’s shareholders                                                        11,961             6,440
  Non-controlling interests                                                        356               309

                                                                                12,317             6,749




20   Interim Report 2025/26       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                              (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                             31 December           30 June
                                                                    Notes           2025             2025
Non-current assets
Investment properties                                                   10        420,074          417,045
Property, plant and equipment                                           11         50,622           50,689
Associates                                                                          8,315            8,136
Joint ventures                                                                     98,311           96,551
Financial investments                                                   12          1,274            1,197
Intangible assets                                                                   3,605            3,839
Other non-current assets                                                13          3,269            3,724
                                                                                  585,470          581,181
Current assets
Properties for sale                                                               179,150          197,452
Inventories                                                                           538              417
Trade and other receivables                                             14         23,504           20,060
Financial investments                                                   12            984              864
Bank deposits and cash                                                             19,529           16,919
                                                                                  223,705          235,712
Current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                          (17,003)        (14,384)
Trade and other payables                                                15         (32,609)        (32,412)
Deposits received on sales of properties                                            (8,417)        (14,300)
Current tax payable                                                                (10,122)          (8,996)
                                                                                   (68,151)        (70,092)
Net current assets                                                                155,554          165,620
Total assets less current liabilities                                             741,024          746,801
Non-current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                          (86,172)        (95,833)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                           (24,104)        (24,031)
Other non-current liabilities                                                       (4,339)          (4,563)
                                                                                  (114,615)       (124,427)
NET ASSETS                                                                        626,409          622,374
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                           16         70,703           70,703
Reserves                                                                          550,997          547,148
Shareholders’ equity                                                              621,700          617,851
Non-controlling interests                                                           4,709            4,523
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                      626,409          622,374


Directors:
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Lui Ting, Victor




                                               Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                                        Six months ended
                                                                           31 December

                                                                          2025              2024
Operating activities
 Operating cash inflow                                                  15,276         14,712
 Changes in working capital                                              8,949          4,329

  Cash generated from operations                                        24,225         19,041
  Interest expenses and other finance costs paid                        (1,632)         (2,527)
  Bank interest received                                                   191             219
  Interest received from investments                                        16              20
  Dividends received from equity securities                                 26              51
  Dividends received from associates and joint ventures                  1,340           1,016
  Tax paid
    – Hong Kong                                                          (1,924)           (2,856)
    – Outside Hong Kong                                                    (486)             (619)

Net cash from operating activities                                      21,756         14,345

Net cash used in investing activities
  – additions to investment properties                                   (3,157)           (2,580)
  – others                                                                  171               (34)
                                                                         (2,986)           (2,614)

Net cash used in financing activities
  – net repayment of bank and other borrowings                           (7,418)           (4,532)
  – increase in bank deposits maturing after more than three months        (453)              (20)
  – principal elements of lease payments                                   (482)             (516)
  – proceeds from issue of shares by a subsidiary                             1                  –
  – payment for repurchase of shares by a subsidiary                          –                 (1)
  – dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                             (8,114)           (8,114)
  – dividends paid to non-controlling interests                            (182)             (266)
  – others                                                                  (29)              (21)
                                                                        (16,677)      (13,470)

Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         2,093          (1,739)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                        16,798         16,034
Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                    64             (69)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                              18,955         14,226

Analysis of the balance of cash and cash equivalents at end of period
 Bank deposits and cash                                                 19,529         14,430
 Less: Bank deposits maturing after more than three months                (529)          (159)
       Pledged bank deposits                                               (45)           (45)

                                                                        18,955         14,226




22   Interim Report 2025/26       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                           Attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                                  Investment                                           Non-
                                                Share     Capital revaluation   Exchange     Retained            controlling
                                               capital   reserves     reserve     reserve      profits     Total   interests      Total

At 1 July 2024                                 70,703       916          416      (9,853)    544,535     606,717      4,354     611,071
Profit for the period                               –          –           –           –         7,523     7,523        318       7,841
Exchange difference on translation of
  Mainland subsidiaries                             –          –           –        (855)            –      (855)         (9)      (864)
Fair value losses on cash flow hedge                –        (49)          –           –             –       (49)         –         (49)
Fair value gains of debt securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                             –          –           1           –             –         1          –           1
Fair value losses of equity securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                             –          –         (39)          –             –       (39)         –         (39)
Share of other comprehensive income/
  (losses) of associates and joint ventures         –          –          98        (283)           44      (141)         –        (141)

Other comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                    –        (49)         60      (1,138)           44    (1,083)         (9)    (1,092)

Total comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                    –        (49)         60      (1,138)        7,567     6,440        309       6,749

Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments                              –          –           –           –             –         –          3           3
Lapse of share options of a subsidiary              –          –           –           –             1         1          (1)         –
Dividend paid (2024 final dividend
   HK$2.80 per share)                               –          –           –           –       (8,114)    (8,114)         –      (8,114)
Forfeiture of unclaimed dividends                   –          –           –           –             2         2          –           2
Adjustments relating to changes in
  interests in subsidiaries                         –          –           –           –             –         –          (1)        (1)
Dividends to non-controlling interests              –          –           –           –             –         –       (266)       (266)

At 31 December 2024                            70,703       867          476     (10,991)    543,991     605,046      4,398     609,444




                                                             Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED          23
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                           Attributable to Company’s shareholders
                                                                   Investment                                        Non-
                                                 Share     Capital revaluation Exchange     Retained           controlling
                                                capital   reserves    reserve    reserve      profits     Total interests      Total

At 1 July 2025                                  70,703        897        393      (7,126)    552,984    617,851     4,523    622,374
Profit for the period                                –          –          –           –      10,247     10,247       338     10,585
Exchange difference on translation of
  Mainland subsidiaries                              –          –          –       1,276            –     1,276        18      1,294
Fair value losses on cash flow hedge                 –        (19)         –           –            –       (19)        –        (19)
Fair value gains of debt securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                              –          –          1           –            –         1         –          1
Fair value gains of equity securities
   at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                              –          –         44           –            –       44          –        44
Share of other comprehensive (losses)/
  income of associates and joint ventures            –          –        (15)       302          125       412          –       412

Other comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                     –        (19)        30       1,578         125      1,714        18      1,732

Total comprehensive (losses)/ income
  for the period                                     –        (19)        30       1,578      10,372     11,961       356     12,317

Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments                               –          –          –           –            –         –        12        12
Dividend paid (2025 final dividend
   HK$2.80 per share)                                –          –          –           –      (8,114)    (8,114)        –     (8,114)
Forfeiture of unclaimed dividends                    –          –          –           –            1         1         –          1
Adjustments relating to changes in
  interests in subsidiaries                          –          1          –           –            –         1         –          1
Dividends to non-controlling interests               –          –          –           –            –         –      (182)      (182)

At 31 December 2025                             70,703        879        423      (5,548)    555,243    621,700     4,709    626,409




24    Interim Report 2025/26             SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



1. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
      Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
      the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited.

      The financial information relating to the year ended 30 June 2025 included in these condensed consolidated
      financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated
      financial statements for that year but is derived from those consolidated financial statements. The Company has
      delivered the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025 to the Registrar of Companies
      and the Company’s auditor has reported on those consolidated financial statements. The auditor’s report was
      unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis
      without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance.

      The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these interim financial statements are consistent with those
      applied in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025. The Group has adopted a
      number of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for the first time for this interim
      period. None of these amendments had a material impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      The Group has not applied any new standard or amendment that is not effective for the current accounting
      period.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       25
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Segment revenue and results are measured without allocation of central administration costs, other net income,
      net finance costs and change in fair value of investment properties, which are reported to the Group’s
      management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

      An analysis of the revenue and results for the period of the Group and its share of associates and joint ventures
      by reportable and operating segments is as follows:

      For the six months ended 31 December 2025

                                               The Company and                Associates and
                                                its subsidiaries              joint ventures
                                                                           Share of      Share of       Combined    Consolidated
                                          Revenue            Results       revenue        results         revenue        results
      Property development
        Hong Kong                              26,474          2,005             9                7        26,483         2,012
        Mainland                                3,383          2,021         2,489              852         5,872         2,873
                                               29,857          4,026         2,498              859        32,355         4,885
      Property rental
        Hong Kong                               7,443          5,239         1,354             1,026        8,797         6,265
        Mainland                                2,442          1,938           656               462        3,098         2,400
        Singapore                                   –              –           390               285          390           285
                                                9,885          7,177         2,400             1,773       12,285         8,950
      Hotel operations                          2,319            341           460                87        2,779           428
      Telecommunications                        3,561            392             –                 –        3,561           392
      Transport infrastructure
        and logistics                           1,820              317       2,184              257         4,004           574
      Data centre operations                    1,508              762           –                –         1,508           762
      Other businesses                          3,755              546          16                3         3,771           549
      Segment total                            52,705         13,561         7,558             2,979       60,263        16,540
      Other net income                                             766                          136                         902
      Unallocated administrative
        expenses                                                   (929)                           –                       (929)
      Operating profit                                        13,398                           3,115                     16,513
      Change in fair value of
        investment properties
        Hong Kong                                                296                            426                          722
        Mainland                                              (1,603)                           136                       (1,467)
        Singapore                                                  –                              –                            –
                                                              (1,307)                            562                        (745)
      Net finance costs                                         (810)                           (304)                     (1,114)
      Profit before taxation                                  11,281                           3,373                     14,654
      Taxation
        – Group                                               (3,178)                              –                      (3,178)
        – Associates                                               –                             (29)                        (29)
        – Joint ventures                                           –                            (862)                       (862)
      Profit for the period                                    8,103                           2,482                     10,585



26   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION (cont’d)
      For the six months ended 31 December 2024

                                                The Company and                 Associates and
                                                  its subsidiaries              joint ventures
                                                                             Share of        Share of      Combined    Consolidated
                                               Revenue          Results      revenue           results       revenue        results
      Property development
        Hong Kong                               16,031           2,325             –                 –       16,031          2,325
        Mainland                                   330              86           287                95          617            181
                                                16,361           2,411           287                95       16,648          2,506
      Property rental
        Hong Kong                                7,485           5,319         1,328             1,020        8,813          6,339
        Mainland                                 2,508           1,970           581               407        3,089          2,377
        Singapore                                    –               –           378               288          378            288
                                                 9,993           7,289         2,287             1,715       12,280          9,004
      Hotel operations                           2,278             313           420                64        2,698            377
      Telecommunications                         3,492             420             –                 –        3,492            420
      Transport infrastructure
        and logistics                            2,280               615       2,070              251         4,350            866
      Data centre operations                     1,470               745           –                –         1,470            745
      Other businesses                           4,059               544          55                4         4,114            548
      Segment total                             39,933          12,337         5,119             2,129       45,052         14,466
      Other net income/(loss)                                        704                          (141)                        563
      Unallocated administrative
        expenses                                                     (943)                           –                        (943)
      Operating profit                                          12,098                           1,988                      14,086
      Change in fair value of
        investment properties
        Hong Kong                                                (2,538)                          (205)                     (2,743)
        Mainland                                                   (337)                            64                        (273)
        Singapore                                                     –                            774                         774
                                                                 (2,875)                           633                      (2,242)
      Net finance costs                                          (1,447)                          (376)                     (1,823)
      Profit before taxation                                     7,776                           2,245                      10,021
      Taxation
        – Group                                                  (1,807)                              –                     (1,807)
        – Associates                                                  –                             (25)                        (25)
        – Joint ventures                                              –                           (348)                       (348)
      Profit for the period                                      5,969                           1,872                       7,841




                                                                Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED         27
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION (cont’d)
      Results from property development include selling and marketing expenses of HK$112 million (2024: HK$341
      million) and HK$74 million (2024: HK$106 million) relating to the pre-sale of property projects under construction
      in Hong Kong and Mainland, respectively.

      Other businesses comprise revenue and profit derived from other activities including property management,
      department store operations and financial services.


3. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
      (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
             The following tables present the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated into major
             business segments, primary geographical markets and according to the timing of revenue recognition,
             including a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the amounts disclosed in the segment
             information.

             For the six months ended 31 December 2025

                                                     Revenue from contracts with customers        Revenue
                                                  recognized at    recognized                   from other
                                                 a point in time     over time       Subtotal      sources       Total

             (i) By segments
                 Property development                    29,857             –          29,857            –      29,857
                 Property rental                              –         1,090           1,090        8,795       9,885
                 Hotel operations                           794         1,525           2,319            –       2,319
                 Telecommunications                       1,380         2,181           3,561            –       3,561
                 Transport infrastructure
                    and logistics                            44         1,635           1,679         141        1,820
                 Data centre operations                       –         1,508           1,508           –        1,508
                 Property management                         98         2,428           2,526           –        2,526
                 Department store operations                971             –             971           –          971
                 Financial services and others                –             –               –         258          258

                                                         33,144        10,367          43,511        9,194      52,705

             (ii) Geographical markets
                  Hong Kong                              29,607        10,084          39,691        6,754      46,445
                  Mainland                                3,537           282           3,819        2,440       6,259
                  Others                                      –             1               1            –           1

                                                         33,144        10,367          43,511        9,194      52,705




28   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



3. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (cont’d)
      (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (cont’d)
             For the six months ended 31 December 2024

                                                      Revenue from contracts with customers              Revenue
                                                  recognized at      recognized                       from other
                                                 a point in time       over time         Subtotal         sources    Total

             (i) By segments
                 Property development                   16,361                –           16,361               –    16,361
                 Property rental                             –            1,086            1,086           8,907     9,993
                 Hotel operations                          866            1,412            2,278               –     2,278
                 Telecommunications                      1,188            2,304            3,492               –     3,492
                 Transport infrastructure
                    and logistics                           52            2,081               2,133         147      2,280
                 Data centre operations                      –            1,470               1,470           –      1,470
                 Property management                        95            2,645               2,740           –      2,740
                 Department store operations               933                –                 933           –        933
                 Financial services and others               –               21                  21         365        386

                                                        19,495          11,019            30,514           9,419    39,933

             (ii) Geographical markets
                  Hong Kong                             19,015          10,699            29,714           6,913    36,627
                  Mainland                                 480             259               739           2,506     3,245
                  Others                                     –              61                61               –        61

                                                        19,495          11,019            30,514           9,419    39,933


             Revenue from other sources includes rental income and income from rendering of financial services.

      (b) Revenue recognized in relation to contract liabilities
             Contract liabilities primarily relate to the Group’s unfulfilled performance obligations to transfer goods or
             services to customers for which consideration has been received at the reporting date. The contract liability
             is recognized in revenue in the period when performance obligations are fulfilled.

             During the six months ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognized revenue of HK$9,855 million (2024:
             HK$5,859 million) from sales of properties that were included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
             period.

      (c) Expected revenue from remaining performance obligations in contracts with
          customers
             As of 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining
             performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts of sales of development properties was
             HK$21,835 million (30 June 2025: HK$38,050 million). This represents the aggregate amount of revenue
             expected to be recognized by the Group in the future, of which approximately 48% is expected to be
             recognized as revenue in the second half of the current financial year and 47% in the next financial year.



                                                            Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   29
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



4. OTHER NET INCOME
                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                            Notes              2025               2024

      Gain on land resumption                                                (a)                389               1,122
      Profit on sale of investment properties                                (b)                181                 249
      Impairment provisions for development properties                       (c)                  –              (1,084)
      Others                                                                                    196                 417

                                                                                                766                704


      (a)    During the period, the Group recorded a HK$389 million gain from land resumption by the Government,
             resulting mainly from the resumption of certain land lots held by the Group in San Tin, Hung Shui Kiu/Ha
             Tsuen New Development Area and along the Northern Link Main Line.

      (b)    Profit on sale of investment properties for the period, mostly derived from the disposal of certain units in
             Dynasty Court and Shouson Peak, was calculated based on net sales proceeds over fair values. Underlying
             profit inclusive of HK$1,662 million fair value gains realized amounted to HK$1,843 million.

      (c)    The impairment provisions in last year were mainly attributed to the Cullinan Sky residential project,
             calculated based on estimated sales proceeds, minus the costs required to complete and sell the project,
             excluding previously expensed selling and marketing costs.


5. NET FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                                               2025               2024

      Interest and other finance costs on bank and other borrowings                           1,658              2,578
      Notional non-cash interest accretion                                                       29                 31
      Finance costs on lease liabilities                                                         43                 44
      Less: Amount capitalized                                                                 (730)              (993)

                                                                                              1,000              1,660
      Interest income on bank deposits                                                         (190)              (213)

                                                                                                810              1,447




30   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



6. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                                                                                               Six months ended
                                                                                                  31 December

                                                                                                 2025             2024

      Profit before taxation is arrived at
      after charging:
         Cost of properties sold                                                                24,988          12,428
         Cost of other inventories sold                                                          1,893            1,691
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                           1,538            1,528
         Amortization of
           Intangible assets (included in direct costs)                                           235              368
           Contract acquisition costs                                                             487              732
         Credit loss allowance on financial assets and contract assets                               7                 88
         Lease expenses
           Short-term and low-value assets leases                                                   57                 77
           Variable lease payments                                                                  18                 17
         Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments and
           retirement schemes contributions)                                                     5,069            5,287
         Share-based payments                                                                       12                  3
         Loss on disposal of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss              –                  4
         Fair value losses on financial investments at fair value through profit or loss             –                 45
         Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           3                 50
      and crediting:
         Dividend income from investments                                                           26                 51
         Interest income from investments                                                           16                 17
         Fair value gains on financial investments at fair value through profit or loss           127                   –




                                                          Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED    31
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



7. TAXATION
                                                                                        Six months ended
                                                                                           31 December

                                                                                           2025              2024

      Current tax expenses
         Hong Kong profits tax                                                            1,247             1,210
         Over provision in prior years                                                        (3)               (3)

                                                                                          1,244             1,207
         Tax outside Hong Kong                                                            2,219               671

         Total current tax                                                                3,463             1,878

      Deferred tax credit
         Change in fair value of investment properties                                     (468)              (198)
         Other origination and reversal of temporary differences                            183               127

         Total deferred tax                                                                (285)               (71)

      Total income tax expenses                                                           3,178             1,807


      Hong Kong profits tax is provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) based on the estimated assessable profits
      for the period. Tax outside Hong Kong, which includes Mainland land appreciation tax and withholding tax on
      income distributions, is calculated at the rates applicable in the relevant jurisdictions.




32   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



8. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a) Reported earnings per share
             The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on the Group’s profit for the period
             attributable to the Company’s shareholders of HK$10,247 million (2024: HK$7,523 million).

             The basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares in issue during the interim
             period of 2,897,780,274 (2024: 2,897,780,274) shares.

             Diluted earnings per share were the same as the basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive potential
             ordinary shares in existence during the periods.

      (b) Underlying earnings per share
             For the purpose of assessing the underlying performance of the Group, basic and diluted earnings per share
             are additionally calculated based on the underlying profit for the period attributable to the Company’s
             shareholders of HK$12,213 million (2024: HK$10,463 million), which excluded the fair value changes on
             investment properties, and included the fair value gains realized on sale of investment properties. A
             reconciliation of profit is as follows:

                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                                               2025               2024

             Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders as shown
               in the consolidated income statement                                          10,247              7,523

             Decrease/(increase) in fair value of investment properties
              Subsidiaries                                                                    1,307              2,875
              Associates                                                                         34                 64
              Joint ventures                                                                   (596)              (697)
                                                                                                745              2,242
             Effect of corresponding deferred tax expenses
               Subsidiaries                                                                    (468)               (198)
               Joint ventures                                                                    44                   5
             Non-controlling interests                                                          (17)                (15)

             Unrealized fair value losses of investment properties
               net of deferred tax                                                              304              2,034
             Fair value gains of investment properties realized on disposal                   1,662                906

             Net effect of change in fair value of investment properties                      1,966              2,940

             Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders                    12,213             10,463




                                                        Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      33
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



9. DIVIDENDS
      (a) Interim dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company declared after
          the interim period
                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                                31 December

                                                                                                2025               2024

             Interim dividend declared after the interim period of HK$0.98
               (2024: HK$0.95) per share                                                       2,840              2,753


             The interim dividend declared after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a liability at
             the end of the reporting period.

      (b) Final dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
          previous financial year, approved and paid during the interim period
                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                                31 December

                                                                                                2025               2024

             Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
               approved and paid during the following interim period,
               of HK$2.80 (2024: HK$2.80) per share                                            8,114              8,114



10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      (a) Movement during the period


                                                                                            Under
                                                                      Completed       development                 Total

             Valuation
             At 1 July 2025                                              351,394              65,651           417,045
             Additions                                                     1,880               2,777             4,657
             Transfer upon completion                                      2,950              (2,950)                –
             Transfer from property, plant and equipment                      42                   –                42
             Disposals                                                    (2,281)                  –            (2,281)
             Exchange difference                                           1,290                 628             1,918
             Decrease in fair value                                         (350)               (957)           (1,307)

             At 31 December 2025                                         354,925              65,149           420,074




34   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (cont’d)
      (b) The Group’s investment properties were valued at their fair values at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2025
             by Knight Frank Petty Limited, an independent firm of professional qualified valuers, on a market value
             basis, in accordance with Valuation Standards on Properties issued by Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors.

             The Group’s completed investment properties are valued using the income capitalization method by
             capitalizing the net income from the existing tenancies and reversionary income potential at appropriate
             capitalization rates for individual properties. The capitalization rate adopted is derived by making reference
             to the yields achieved from analysis of comparable property investment transactions and valuer’s view of
             prevailing investor expectations regarding rental growth and perceived risks.

             The Group’s investment properties under development are valued using the residual method by estimating
             the value of the property when completed using income capitalization method with reference to
             comparable sales transactions assuming that the property had been completed in accordance with the
             current development plan on the valuation date less the costs that will be incurred to complete the
             development with appropriate allowance for profit and risk.

             Set out below is the significant unobservable inputs used for fair value measurements:

                                                                                              Weighted average
                                                            Fair value                        capitalization rate

                                                 31 December               30 June     31 December               30 June
                                                        2025                 2025             2025                 2025

             Completed
              Hong Kong                                278,476            275,417               5.0%                5.0%
              Mainland                                  76,449             75,977               6.6%                6.6%

                                                       354,925            351,394


                                                            Fair value
                                                       (residual method)                      Capitalization rate

                                                 31 December               30 June     31 December               30 June
                                                        2025                 2025             2025                 2025

             Under development
              Hong Kong                                 28,491             29,662       3.3% – 5.5%        3.3% – 5.5%
              Mainland                                  36,658             35,989       5.0% – 8.8%        5.0% – 8.8%

                                                        65,149             65,651



11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      During the six months ended 31 December 2025, additions to property, plant and equipment amounted to
      HK$1,426 million, of which HK$428 million are additions to right-of-use assets. Net book value of property, plant
      and equipment disposed of during the period amounted to HK$6 million.




                                                       Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        35
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



12. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                      Measured at
                                                  Measured at         Measured at      amortized
                                                       FVTPL               FVOCI             cost                Total
      Non-current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                294                42                336
       Equity securities                                   292                646                 –                938
                                                           292                940                42              1,274
      Current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                108                  –               108
       Equity securities                                   876                  –                  –               876
                                                           876                108                  –               984


                                                                             30 June 2025
                                                                                       Measured at
                                                   Measured at         Measured at      amortized
                                                        FVTPL               FVOCI             cost                Total
      Non-current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                257                48                305
       Equity securities                                   290                602                 –                892
                                                           290                859                48              1,197
      Current assets
       Debt securities                                       –                 97                  –                97
       Equity securities                                   767                  –                  –               767
                                                           767                 97                  –               864


13. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                     31 December               30 June
                                                                                            2025                 2025
      Mortgage loan receivables                                                               1,809              2,393
      Other loan receivables                                                                  1,197              1,204
      Total loans receivables                                                                 3,006              3,597
      Less: Amount due within one year included under
              trade and other receivables                                                      (406)              (546)
                                                                                              2,600              3,051
      Derivative financial instruments                                                           30                 33
      Deferred tax assets                                                                       639                640
                                                                                              3,269              3,724


      Mortgage loan receivables are secured by first or second mortgages on properties and repayable by monthly
      instalments with various tenors up to 28 years at the end of the reporting period and carry interest at rates with
      reference to banks’ lending rates. The balance includes first mortgage loans of HK$1,296 million (30 June 2025:
      HK$1,759 million). The Group recognizes expected credit loss for all loans receivables based on its assessment of
      changes in credit risk on a collective basis, with reference to both historical loss experience and forward-looking
      information. Changes in the loss allowance are recognized in profit or loss.

36   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      31 December            30 June
                                                                           Notes             2025              2025

      Trade receivables                                                     (a)               3,479            3,252
      Other account receivables, deposits and prepayments                   (b)              18,905           15,539
      Deposits for acquisition of properties                                                    221              255
      Contract assets                                                                           492              463
      Short-term loans                                                                          406              546
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            1                5

                                                                                             23,504           20,060


      (a)    At 31 December 2025, 61% of trade receivables are aged less than 30 days, 14% between 31 to 60 days, 8%
             between 61 to 90 days and 17% more than 90 days (30 June 2025: 59%, 13%, 10% and 18%
             respectively).

      (b)    The balance includes contract acquisition costs of HK$357 million (30 June 2025: HK$241 million) primarily
             related to incremental commission costs incurred to obtain property sales and telecommunication services
             contracts with customers. There was no impairment loss in relation to the cost capitalized.


15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                      31 December            30 June
                                                                                             2025              2025

      Trade payables                                                                          2,613            2,476
      Other payables and accrued expenses                                                    26,946           26,760
      Contract liabilities                                                                    1,058            1,203
      Amounts due to non-controlling interests                                                1,152            1,181
      Lease liabilities                                                                         835              790
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            5                2

                                                                                             32,609           32,412


      At 31 December 2025, 62% of trade payables are aged less than 30 days, 12% between 31 to 60 days, 2%
      between 61 to 90 days, and 24% more than 90 days (30 June 2025: 59%, 7%, 3% and 31% respectively).


16. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                             shares
                                                                                          in million        Amount

      Issued and fully paid:
      Ordinary shares
      At 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2025                                                    2,898           70,703




                                                      Interim Report 2025/26      SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED   37
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      In the normal course of business, the Group undertook a variety of transactions with certain of its associates and
      joint ventures. The most significant transactions between the Group and these related parties which were carried
      out on commercial terms are summarized as follows:

                                                              Associates                       Joint ventures

                                                          Six months ended                   Six months ended
                                                             31 December                        31 December

                                                            2025            2024               2025             2024

      Interest income                                          –                –                50                48
      Cash rental paid                                         1                1                29                32
      Other revenue from services rendered                    77               97             1,096             1,587
      Purchase of goods and services                           –                –                35               143



18. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
      The Group had contingent liabilities and commitments, so far as not provided for in the condensed consolidated
      financial statements, as follows:

                                                                                      31 December             30 June
                                                                                             2025               2025

      (a)    Capital commitments in respect of investment properties
               and property, plant and equipment
              Contracted but not provided for                                                 2,773            3,749
              Authorized but not contracted for                                              11,384           11,434

      (b)    The Group’s share of capital commitments of joint ventures
               Contracted but not provided for                                                1,440             1,894
               Authorized but not contracted for                                              1,353             1,852


      (c)    Guarantees for bank borrowings of joint ventures and other guarantees in the aggregate amount of
             HK$2,335 million (30 June 2025: HK$1,955 million).




38   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value
             The following tables present the carrying value of the Group’s financial instruments that are measured at
             fair value at the end of the reporting period, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy defined as
             follows:

             Level 1          Fair values measured at unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identifiable assets or
                              liabilities at the measurement date. This level includes all listed debt securities and listed
                              equity securities, and certain unlisted debt securities that are measured at quoted prices in
                              active markets.

             Level 2          Fair values measured using inputs other than quoted prices where those inputs are based on
                              observable market data and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs
                              are inputs for which market data are not available.

             Level 3          Fair values measured using significant unobservable inputs. This level includes all unlisted
                              equity securities, except for certain unlisted equity securities which are classified as Level 2 as
                              they are measured using inputs that are derived from or corroborated by observable market
                              data.

             As at 31 December 2025

                                                                  Level 1           Level 2          Level 3             Total

             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVTPL
               Equity securities                                      876                 –              292             1,168

             Financial assets at FVOCI
               Debt securities                                        402                 –                –               402
               Equity securities                                      328                 5              313               646

             Derivative financial instruments
              Interest rate swaps                                        –                1                 –                1
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                         –               30                 –               30

                                                                    1,606                36              605             2,247

             Financial liabilities
             Bond and notes subject to
               fair value hedges                                         –           1,045                  –            1,045

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                         –             451                  –              451

                                                                         –           1,496                  –            1,496




                                                           Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED         39
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont’d)
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value (cont’d)
             As at 30 June 2025

                                                                Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total

             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVTPL
               Equity securities                                   767                 –             290            1,057

             Financial assets at FVOCI
               Debt securities                                     354                 –               –              354
               Equity securities                                   284                 5             313              602

             Derivative financial instruments
              Interest rate swaps                                     –               4                 –               4
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                      –              33                 –              33
              Forward foreign exchange contracts                      –               1                 –               1

                                                                 1,405               43              603            2,051

             Financial liabilities
             Bond and notes subject to
               fair value hedges                                      –           1,051                 –           1,051

             Derivative financial instruments
              Cross currency interest rate swaps                      –             433                 –             433

                                                                      –           1,484                 –           1,484


             There were no transfer amongst Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and no change in
             valuation techniques used during the period.

             (i)    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurement

                    The fair values of cross currency interest rate swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts in Level
                    2 are calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on the terms and
                    maturity of each contract, taking into account the current interest rates and the current
                    creditworthiness of the swap counterparties.

                    The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts in Level 2 is determined by using the forward
                    exchange rates at the end of the reporting period quoted from financial institutions.

                    The fair value of bonds and notes subject to fair value hedges is determined based on cash flows
                    discounted using current market interest rates for similar financial instruments.




40   Interim Report 2025/26         SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in millions of Hong Kong dollars)



19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont’d)
      (a) Financial instruments carried at fair value (cont’d)
             (ii)   Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurement

                    The fair value of unlisted equity securities in Level 3 is determined by reference to the net asset value
                    of the investees, or by using discounted cash flow models or market approach with reference to
                    multiples of comparable listed companies, adjusted for a discount for lack of marketability.

                    The movement during the period in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurement is as follows:

                                                                         Financial assets measured at

                                                                                FVTPL             FVOCI              Total

                    Unlisted equity securities
                    At 1 July 2025                                                 290               313               603
                    Additions                                                        8                 –                 8
                    Capital repayment                                              (18)                –               (18)
                    Change in fair value recognized in profit or loss               12                 –                12

                    At 31 December 2025                                            292               313               605


      (b) Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at cost or amortized cost
             The following table presents the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments measured at cost or
             amortized cost which were different from their fair values at the end of the reporting period.

                                                             31 December 2025                      30 June 2025

                                                            Carrying                            Carrying
                                                             amount         Fair value          amount           Fair value

             Debt securities                                      42                45                48                53
             Long-term borrowings                             86,172            85,127            95,833            94,715


             The fair value of debt securities is measured at quoted market prices. The fair value of long-term borrowings
             is estimated by discounting their future cash flows using the market interest rates prevailing at the end of
             the reporting period.

             All other financial instruments measured at cost or amortized cost are typically those that are short-term in
             nature or carry variable interest rates and reprice to current market rate changes. Accordingly, their carrying
             amounts approximate their fair values.




                                                         Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        41
Financial Review

REVIEW OF RESULT FOR THE FIRST HALF OF FY2025/26
Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders, excluding fair value changes on investment properties
and including the fair value gains realized on sale of investment properties for the six months ended 31 December
2025 was HK$12,213 million, increased by 17% or HK$1,750 million compared to HK$10,463 million for the same
period last year.

Reported profit attributable to Company’s shareholders increased by HK$2,724 million to HK$10,247 million (2024:
HK$7,523 million), after including the impact of revaluation of investment properties. The Group recorded a net
decrease in fair value of investment properties (after deferred tax and non-controlling interests) of HK$304 million (2024:
decrease of HK$2,034 million).

                                                                                             Six months ended
                                                                                                31 December

                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                        HK$ Million          HK$ Million

Reported profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                                        10,247               7,523
Adjustments in respect of investment properties
  Decrease in fair value, net of tax and non-controlling interests                               304               2,034
  Fair value gains realized on disposal during the period                                      1,662                 906
                                                                                               1,966               2,940
Underlying profit attributable to Company’s shareholders                                      12,213              10,463


The increase in underlying profit was primarily driven by higher underlying profits from sales of trading and investment
properties, as well as lower finance costs, while the Group’s leasing and other recurring income remained resilient.

The Group’s total revenue across all business segments (including share of joint ventures and associates) for the six
months ended 31 December 2025 increased by 34% year-on-year to HK$60,263 million, primarily driven by a 94%
rise in revenue from property development to HK$32,355 million. Overall rental revenue remained steady at
HK$12,285 million (2024: HK$12,280 million).

Total segment operating profit was HK$16,540 million (2024: HK$14,466 million). Development profit increased by
HK$2,379 million to HK$4,885 million, mainly due to higher profit booking from the Mainland. Recurring profit
amounted to HK$11,655 million (2024: HK$11,960 million), with net rental income contributing HK$8,950 million (2024:
HK$9,004 million) of the total.




42   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review

Revenue and Operating profit by segment for the six months ended 31 December
(including share of joint ventures and associates)
                                                          Revenue                          Operating profit

                                                    2025                 2024             2025                2024
                                               HK$ Million          HK$ Million      HK$ Million         HK$ Million

Property development
  Hong Kong                                          26,483             16,031              2,012              2,325
  Mainland                                            5,872                617              2,873                181
                                                     32,355             16,648              4,885              2,506
Property rental
  Hong Kong                                            8,797             8,813              6,265              6,339
  Mainland                                             3,098             3,089              2,400              2,377
  Singapore                                              390               378                285                288
                                                     12,285             12,280              8,950              9,004
Hotel operations                                      2,779              2,698                428                377
Telecommunications                                    3,561              3,492                392                420
Transport infrastructure
  and logistics                                        4,004             4,350                574                866
Data centre operations                                 1,508             1,470                762                745
Other businesses                                       3,771             4,114                549                548
Segment total                                        60,263             45,052             16,540             14,466


Revenue from property development (including share of joint ventures) in Hong Kong for the six months ended 31
December 2025 increased by 65% to HK$26,483 million (2024: HK$16,031 million), primarily driven by the booking
of sales in Cullinan Sky Phase 1 and SIERRA SEA Phase 1 completed during the period. Other contributions came from
the sales of various stock of prior years’ developments including NOVO LAND Phase 3A, Victoria Harbour, St. Barths, St
Martin, The YOHO Hub II and YOHO WEST. Total development profit decreased by 13% year-on-year to HK$2,012
million, mainly due to low profit margin from the newly completed development projects. Average profit margin was
about 8% compared to 15% for the same period last year.

During the period under review, the Group completed the sales of certain residential units held as investment
properties including 29 units in Dynasty Court and 4 units in Shouson Peak, realizing total net proceeds of HK$2,590
million. The disposals generated an underlying profit of HK$1,826 million, which includes the realization of prior fair
value gains and represents a 71% profit margin. Including these disposals, the total underlying profit from residential
property sales in Hong Kong for the period reached HK$3,838 million, representing an overall profit margin of 13%.

Revenue from property development (including share of joint ventures) on the Mainland increased by HK$5,255 million
year-on-year to HK$5,872 million, mainly due to higher sales volume of residential units recognized during the period
as compared to the same period last year. Development profit amounted to HK$2,873 million (2024: HK$181 million),
mainly contributed from sales of residential units in IFC Mansion in Hangzhou IFC (River East), Lake Genève Phase 2
and ICC Residence in Suzhou.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       43
Financial Review
As at 31 December 2025, contracted sales of properties (including investment properties) attributable to the Group
(including share of joint ventures) not yet recognized amounted to HK$26.3 billion, comprising HK$22.2 billion in
Hong Kong, of which about HK$10.8 billion is expected to be recognized in the second half of the current financial
year and HK$10.4 billion in the next financial year, and HK$4.1 billion on the Mainland, of which HK$4.0 billion will
be booked in the second half of the current financial year and the remaining in the next financial year.

Rental revenue of property investment in Hong Kong, including share of joint ventures and associates, remained flat
year-on-year at HK$8,797 million, with net rental income decreased by 1% to HK$6,265 million. The office portfolio
generated steady revenue of HK$2,834 million (2024: HK$2,847 million), primarily driven by sustained high occupancy
rates. Revenue of the retail portfolio decreased slightly by 1% to HK$4,535 million (2024: HK$4,593 million), mainly
due to decline in rent rates. Revenue of the Group’s residential and serviced apartment portfolio grew by 10% year-
on-year, driven by steady increases in both rents and occupancy.

Rental revenue of the Mainland portfolio, including share of joint ventures, held steady at HK$3,098 million (or
RMB2,825 million), with net rental income increased by 1% to HK$2,400 million compared to the prior-year period.
Revenue of the retail portfolio grew approximately 5% to HK$2,100 million (2024: HK$2,007 million), primarily due to
increases in turnover rents. This was partially offset by the office portfolio, where revenue fell 9% to HK$814 million
(2024: HK$895 million), mainly because of negative rental reversions.

Hotel segment revenue (including share of joint ventures) increased by 3% year-on-year to HK$2,779 million, primarily
driven by increase in room revenue due to improved room rates and occupancy. EBITDA grew 12% to HK$796 million.
Operating profit amounted to HK$428 million.

SmarTone’s revenue was HK$3,561 million, increased by 2% year-on-year, primarily due to higher handset and
accessory sales. Operating profit decreased by 7% year-on-year to HK$392 million, mainly due to a one-off gain from
the disposal of its Macau business included in last year’s results. Excluding this item, underlying operating profit
increased by 6%, driven by steady growth in 5G home broadband business and reduction in operating costs.

The Group’s transport infrastructure and logistics segment (including share of joint ventures and associates) remained
resilient. The business aviation centre operations, Airport Freight Forwarding Centre, and franchised bus services all
showed improved performance. Due to the cessation of the Route 3 operations upon expiry of its franchise in May
2025, revenue for the period decreased by 8% to HK$4,004 million, and operating profit dropped by HK$292 million
or 34% to HK$574 million as compared to the same period last year.

SUNeVision’s revenue increased by 3% to HK$1,508 million with operating profit increased by 2% to HK$762 million,
driven by increase in contract prices and new customer move-ins at the new data centres.

The Group’s other businesses (including share of joint ventures and associates), which include mainly property
management, department store operations and financial services, reported an 8% decrease in revenue to HK$3,771
million with operating profit maintained at HK$549 million.




44   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review

Other Net Income
Other net income (including share of joint ventures and associates) amounted to HK$902 million (2024: HK$563
million). This included a HK$523 million gain from land resumption by the Government and a reported profit of
HK$181 million from the sale of investment properties.

During the period under review, certain land lots with a total site area of about 1.1 million square feet owned by the
Group (including share of joint ventures), mainly located in San Tin, Hung Shui Kiu/Ha Tsuen New Development Area
and along the Northern Link Main Line, were resumed by the Government for a total compensation of approximately
HK$1,100 million.

The reported profit of HK$181 million on sale of investment properties (calculated based on net sales proceeds over
fair value) was mainly contributed from the disposal of certain residential units in Dynasty Court and Shouson Peak.
Underlying profit inclusive of HK$1,662 million fair value gains realized amounted to HK$1,843 million. Another 14
units in Dynasty Court, with a total purchase consideration of approximately HK$1,016 million, are scheduled for
handover in the second half of the financial year.

Fair Value Change of Investment Properties
Investment properties were carried at fair values based on independent valuation as at 31 December 2025. These
consist of completed investment properties and investment properties under development.

The Group (including share of joint ventures and associates) recorded a net decrease of HK$745 million (2024:
decrease of HK$2,242 million) in the fair value of investment properties, comprising an increase of HK$722 million (2024:
decrease of HK$2,743 million) in Hong Kong and a decrease of HK$1,467 million (2024: decrease of HK$273 million)
in the Mainland.

A net decrease in fair value attributable to the Company’s shareholders (after related deferred tax and non-controlling
interests) of HK$304 million (2024: net decrease of HK$2,034 million) was reported in the consolidated income
statement.

Finance Costs and Interest Cover
For the six months ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s net finance costs including capitalized interest decreased by
HK$900 million or 37% to HK$1,540 million (2024: HK$2,440 million), driven by a reduction in net debt as well as
lower average effective cost of borrowings, which went down to 3.0% (2024: 4.0%). Net finance costs charged to the
income statement (after interest capitalized) decreased by HK$637 million or 44% to HK$810 million (2024: HK$1,447
million).

Interest cover for the period was 8.7 times (2024: 5.0 times), measured by the ratio of operating profit to total net
interest expenses including those capitalized.

The average effective interest rate of the Group’s borrowings for the six months ended 31 December 2025 is analyzed
as follows:

                                                                                            Six months ended
                                                                                               31 December

                                                                                              2025                2024

Fixed rate                                                                                    2.8%               2.8%
Floating rate                                                                                 3.1%               4.6%

Weighted average interest rate                                                                3.0%               4.0%



                                                     Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       45
Financial Review

FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
The Group continues to adopt a proactive and disciplined approach in financial management by maintaining a strong
balance sheet and a diversified base of funding sources with sufficient financial resources to support operations and
business growth. The Group constantly reviews its capital structure and financial position to ensure that it remains
financially sound, so that the Group can continue to provide returns to shareholders while keeping financial leverage
at a prudent level.

The entire Group’s financing risk management, financing and treasury activities are centrally managed and controlled
at the corporate level.

Gearing Ratio
The Group’s balance sheet remains strong. Shareholders’ equity was HK$621.7 billion or HK$214.5 per share as at 31
December 2025 compared to HK$617.9 billion as at 30 June 2025. The increase was primarily attributable to profit
attributable to the shareholders of HK$10.2 billion and foreign exchange gain of HK$1.6 billion on translation of
financial statements of the Mainland and overseas operations, offset by dividends of HK$8.1 billion paid during the
period.

The Group’s net debt amounted to HK$83,646 million as at 31 December 2025 (30 June 2025: HK$93,298 million),
decreased by HK$9,652 million, primarily driven by cash inflows from property sales and lower construction spending.
Gearing ratio, calculated based on net debt to shareholders’ equity of the Company, was 13.5% (30 June 2025:
15.1%).

Debt Maturity Profile and Composition
The Group’s gross borrowings amounted to HK$103,175 million as at 31 December 2025, of which 64% were bank
loans and 36% were notes and bonds, which are repayable on various dates up to June 2033. 65% of the Group’s
gross borrowing was raised through wholly-owned finance subsidiaries and the remaining 35% through operating
subsidiaries.

The Group’s debt maturity profile was well-staggered with around 62% of the borrowings repayable after two years.
The weighted average duration of the entire debt portfolio was approximately 3.0 years as of 31 December 2025 (30
June 2025: 3.1 years).

The maturity profile of the Group’s gross borrowings is set out as follows:

                                                    At 31 December 2025                   At 30 June 2025

                                                HK$ Million          % of Total      HK$ Million         % of Total

Repayable:
Within one year                                       17,003                  16%        14,384               13%
After one year but within two years                   22,563                  22%        19,071               17%
After two years but within five years                 49,942                  49%        63,908               58%
After five years                                      13,667                  13%        12,854               12%

Total bank and other borrowings                      103,175              100%          110,217              100%
Bank deposits and cash                                19,529                             16,919

Net debt                                              83,646                             93,298



46   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Financial Review
Composition of the Group’s debt portfolio is as follows:

(i)    By currency (after currency swap)

                                                    At 31 December 2025                       At 30 June 2025

                                                 HK$ Million         % of Total          HK$ Million         % of Total

       Hong Kong dollar                                71,594               69%              77,834                70%
       RMB                                             29,619               29%              30,411                28%
       British pound                                    1,962                2%               1,972                 2%

       Total borrowings                              103,175               100%             110,217               100%


       When financing operations outside Hong Kong, the Group will borrow on the same currency as the underlying
       assets or when feasible, hedge through cross currency swaps for exchange risk exposure. As of 31 December
       2025, about 29% of the Group’s total borrowings were denominated in RMB to act as natural hedges of net
       investments in the Mainland.

(ii)   By fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap)

                                                    At 31 December 2025                       At 30 June 2025

                                                 HK$ Million         % of Total          HK$ Million         % of Total

       Fixed                                           38,385               37%              42,151                38%
       Floating
          – Hong Kong dollar                           41,084               40%              47,324                43%
          – RMB                                        21,744               21%              18,770                17%
          – British pound                               1,962                2%               1,972                 2%

       Total borrowings                              103,175               100%             110,217               100%


Financial Resources
The Group’s strong financial strength enables it to raise long-term financing from various sources at competitive rates.
As part of its prudent debt management policy, the Group has always secured a considerable amount of undrawn
committed banking facilities, most of which are arranged on a medium to long term basis with a well-balanced
maturity profile, to help minimize refinancing risk and attain financing flexibility, while optimizing financing cost. The
Group closely monitors its liquidity and financing requirements to ensure that available financial resources are in place
to cover its financing needs.

With substantial amount of standby banking facilities in place, continuous cash inflow from property sales and a solid
base of recurring income, the Group has adequate financial resources for its funding requirements and is well
positioned to take advantage of investment opportunities when they arise.




                                                      Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED        47
Financial Review

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Management
The Group’s foreign exchange exposure was small given both its large asset base and operational cash flow are
primarily denominated in Hong Kong dollar, which is the Group’s presentation currency.

The Group is exposed to currency translation risk mainly arising from translating the financial statements of subsidiaries and
joint ventures operating in the Mainland. The Group has not entered into foreign currency derivatives to hedge the
translation risk exposure of its net investments in Mainland and maintained an appropriate level of RMB-denominated
financial resources for capital requirements. Land acquisition for Mainland projects are principally financed by
capital injection funded by the Group’s equity and internally generated funds. On-going business operations in the
Mainland are financed through internal resources and borrowings in RMB. As at 31 December 2025, approximately
17% of the Group’s net assets were denominated in RMB. Compared to 30 June 2025, RMB appreciated against
Hong Kong dollar by about 1.7%. The translation of these RMB assets into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rate as of
31 December 2025 resulted in a translation gain of approximately HK$1.7 billion (2024: loss of HK$1.1 billion),
recognized in the exchange reserve.

The Group has insignificant currency risk exposure associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies. Where feasible and cost effective, the Group may enter into foreign exchange contracts to
reduce the currency risk.

Derivative Instruments
As at 31 December 2025, the Group entered certain interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps in the
aggregate notional amount of HK$16,302 million to manage its interest rate risk and currency risk exposures. The use
of derivative instruments is strictly controlled and solely for hedging the Group’s underlying financial exposures for its
core business operations. It is the Group’s policy not to enter into derivative and structured product transactions for
speculative purposes.

Bank Deposits and Cash
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank deposits and cash amounted to HK$19,529 million, of which 61% were
denominated in Hong Kong dollar, 27% in RMB, and the remaining 12% mostly in US dollar. The RMB deposits were
mostly held by the Mainland subsidiaries for meeting the funding needs of their Mainland projects.

All deposits are placed with banks carrying strong credit ratings with appropriate credit limits assigned relative to their
credit strength, and are regularly monitored for exposures to each financial counterparty.


CHARGES OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2025, certain bank deposits of the Group’s subsidiaries in the aggregate amount of HK$45 million
were pledged for securing guarantees issued by the banks. Additionally, certain assets of the Group’s subsidiaries with
an aggregate carrying value of HK$14,852 million have been charged as security for bank borrowings. Except for the
aforementioned charges, all the Group’s assets are free from any encumbrances.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees for bank borrowings of certain
joint ventures and other guarantees in the aggregate amount of HK$2,335 million (30 June 2025: HK$1,955 million).




48   Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

DIRECTORS
The list of Directors of the Company is set out on page 2 of this report. The particulars of the Directors and their
changes are set out as follows:

Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Hon LLD, Hon DBA, MBA, MA (Cantab), JP
Chairman & Managing Director (Age: 72)

Mr. Kwok has been Chairman of the Company since December 2011. Prior to the appointment as Chairman of the
Company, Mr. Kwok had acted as Vice Chairman of the Company for 21 years. He is also the Managing Director and
a member of the Executive Committee of the Company as well as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.
He has been with the Group for 47 years. Mr. Kwok holds a Master of Arts degree in Law from Cambridge University,
a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard University, an Honorary Doctorate degree in Business
Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctorate degree in Laws from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. Kwok is the chairman and an executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. He is also
the chairman and a non-executive director of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited, and a non-executive
director of Transport International Holdings Limited and Wing Tai Properties Limited.

In civic activities, Mr. Kwok is a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance. Mr. Kwok is the father of Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and
Kwok Ho-lai, Edward. He is also an uncle of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey. Mr. Kwok is a
director of Cyric Limited, which is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$320,000 for being the Chairman of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$3.87 million, including
fees of HK$60,000 and HK$180,000 for being the chairman of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. and SmarTone
Telecommunications Holdings Limited respectively.

Wong Chik-wing, Mike
MSc(IRE), FHKIS, RPS (BS), JP
Deputy Managing Director (Age: 70)

Mr. Wong has been a Deputy Managing Director of the Company since July 2012. He joined the Group in 1981 and
has been an Executive Director of the Company since January 1996. He is also a member of the Executive Committee
of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wong graduated from The Hong Kong
Polytechnic University with distinction and holds a Master’s degree in International Real Estate. He is a fellow of
The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and a registered professional surveyor. Mr. Wong is a director of The Real Estate
Developers Association of Hong Kong. He is also an Adjunct Professor of both The University of Hong Kong (Department
of Real Estate and Construction) and The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (Department of Building and Real Estate).
He is currently responsible for planning and development, and project management matters of the Group’s
development projects.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Wong is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$27.05 million.




                                                      Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED    49
Other Information

Lui Ting, Victor
BBA
Deputy Managing Director (Age: 71)

Mr. Lui has been an Executive Director and a Deputy Managing Director of the Company since April and July 2012
respectively. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company. He joined the Group in 1977 and is currently responsible for the sales and marketing of a number of
large residential developments as well as acquisition and disposal of non-core property investment projects of the
Group. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Lui is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$27.04 million.

Yip Dicky Peter
MBA, BBS, MBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 79)

Mr. Yip has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since September 2004. He is also a member
of both the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. He joined
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) in Hong Kong in 1965 with working experiences
in London, China and San Francisco. From January 2003 to April 2005, Mr. Yip was appointed chief executive China
business, based in Shanghai; meanwhile, he was also a director of Bank of Shanghai, Ping An Insurance and Ping An
Bank on the Mainland. Mr. Yip became a general manager of HSBC in April 2005 until his retirement from HSBC in
June 2012. He was an independent non-executive director of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. and
DBS Bank in Hong Kong and on the Mainland, the founding chairman of Ping An OneConnect Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited (now known as PAO Bank Limited), and an independent director of S.F. Holding Co., Ltd. Mr. Yip was the chief
representative for the Asia-Pacific Region of Institute of International Finance from July 2012 to July 2015. He is
currently the chairman and an independent non-executive director of Lufax Holding Ltd.

Mr. Yip is an elected associated member of the Chartered Institute of Bankers, London. He was educated in
Hong Kong with an MBA from The University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yip received the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of
Hong Kong in 1984 for his contributions to the banking industry and the community in Hong Kong. Mr. Yip was
awarded the MBE by the British Government in 1984. In 1999, he was appointed Unofficial Justice of the Peace in
Hong Kong. In 2000, he was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
Government. He also served two terms since June 2008 as a member of Shanghai Committee of the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference.

Mr. Yip is active in community and youth activities in Hong Kong and is a member of a number of service organizations
such as Hong Kong Committee for United Nations Children Fund, the 8th National Council of Red Cross Society of
China, Hong Kong Housing Society and Hong Kong Air Cadet Corps.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Yip is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company and
HK$60,000 for being a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.




50   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Professor Wong Yue-chim, Richard
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 73)

Professor Wong has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since May 2005. He is the Chairman
of both the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee of the Company. Professor Wong studied Economics at The University of Chicago and
graduated with a Doctorate in Philosophy. He is Professor of Economics at The University of Hong Kong. Professor
Wong was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star in 1999 by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region for his contributions in education, housing, industry and technology development. In addition, he was
appointed Justice of the Peace in July 2000.

Professor Wong serves as an independent non-executive director of Great Eagle Holdings Limited and an independent
non-executive chairman of Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Professor Wong is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company, and
HK$70,000 for being the Chairman of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.

Dr. Li Ka-cheung, Eric
LLD, DSocSc., HonDSocSc (EdUHK), B.A., GBS, OBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 72)

Dr. Li was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company in May 2005. He is currently an Independent
Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and a member of the Remuneration
Committee of the Company. He is also an independent non-executive director and the chairman of the audit
committee and the remuneration committee of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited.

Dr. Li is the honorary chairman of Shinewing (HK) CPA Limited. He is also an independent non-executive director of
Transport International Holdings Limited, Wong’s International Holdings Limited and China Resources Beer (Holdings)
Company Limited.

Dr. Li was a member of the 10th to 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference. He was also a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, the chairman of its Public
Accounts Committee, a past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former
convenor-cum-member of the Financial Reporting Review Panel.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Dr. Li is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the Company,
HK$320,000 for being the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company and HK$60,000
for being a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments
in the total sum of HK$288,000 for being a director and the chairman of the audit committee and the remuneration
committee of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited.




                                                    Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      51
Other Information

Dr. Fung Kwok-lun, William
SBS, OBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 77)

Dr. Fung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since February 2010. He graduated from
Princeton University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering and also holds an MBA degree from the Harvard
Graduate School of Business. He was conferred the degrees of Doctor of Business Administration, honoris causa , by
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, by The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and by Hong Kong
Baptist University and degree of Doctor of Letters, honoris causa , by Wawasan Open University of Malaysia.

Dr. Fung is the chairman and a non-executive director of Convenience Retail Asia Limited, which is within the Fung
Group. He is also an independent non-executive director of VTech Holdings Limited and The Hongkong and Shanghai
Hotels, Limited. Formerly, he was the group non-executive chairman of Li & Fung Limited until October 2020.

Dr. Fung has held key positions in major trade associations. He is the past chairman of the Hong Kong General
Chamber of Commerce (1994-1996), the Hong Kong Exporters’ Association (1989-1991) and the Hong Kong
Committee for Pacific Economic Cooperation (1993-2002). He was a Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
delegate to the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (1998-2003). He has been awarded the Silver
Bauhinia Star by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2008.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Dr. Fung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Dr. Leung Nai-pang, Norman
LLD, GBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 85)

Dr. Leung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since July 2012. He is also a member of
the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company. Dr. Leung is the chairman and an independent non-executive director of Transport International Holdings
Limited.

Dr. Leung has been active in public service for 40 years and he served as Commissioner of the Civil Aid Service from
1993 to 2007, chairman of the Broadcasting Authority from 1997 to 2002, council chairman of City University of Hong
Kong from 1997 to 2003, Pro-Chancellor of City University of Hong Kong from 2005 to 2016, and council chairman
of The Chinese University of Hong Kong from 2016 to 2022.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Dr. Leung is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, HK$280,000 for being a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company, and
HK$60,000 for being a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the
Company.




52   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 73)

Mrs. Leung has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2013. She was appointed
as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect from 3 February 2026. Mrs. Leung holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Accounting and Business Administration from The University of Hong Kong. She was
the vice-chairman and the chief executive of Hang Seng Bank Limited, the chairman of Hang Seng Bank (China)
Limited, a director of various subsidiaries of Hang Seng Bank Limited, a director of The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited and the Group General Manager of HSBC Holdings plc prior to her retirement from the
HSBC group in June 2012.

Mrs. Leung is currently an independent non-executive director of First Pacific Company Limited, China Mobile Limited
and Bank of China Limited. She stepped down as an independent non-executive director of Agricultural Bank of China
Limited with effect from 28 October 2025. In addition, she was an independent non-executive director of Swire Pacific
Limited, Hutchison Whampoa Limited, China Construction Bank Corporation, QBE Insurance Group Limited,
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and Li & Fung Limited as well as the deputy chairman, managing director and
chief executive of Chong Hing Bank Limited. Mrs. Leung is also a consultant of The Glorious Sun Holdings Limited.

Mrs. Leung is a non-official member of the Executive Council, the chairman of the Advisory Committee on Arts
Development of the Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau, and a member of the Culture Commission of the
Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. She is also a non-ex officio member of The Law Reform
Commission of Hong Kong, an Honorary Steward of The Hong Kong Jockey Club, and a council member, the treasurer
and the chairman of the finance committee and a member of the human resources policy committee of The University
of Hong Kong. Mrs. Leung was the chairman of the board of governors of Hang Seng Management College and
Hang Seng School of Commerce, a court member of Hong Kong Baptist University, and a member of the advisory board and
the chairman of the investment committee of the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation from 2005 to 2010.
She was also a member of the Greater Pearl River Delta Business Council, the advisory committee of the Securities and
Futures Commission, the Banking Review Tribunal, the Independent Commission on Remuneration for Members of the
Executive Council and the Legislature, and Officials under the Political Appointment System of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, the Public Service Commission, and the Advisory Committee on Post-office Employment for
Former Chief Executives and Politically Appointed Officials, the chairman of the executive committee of
The Community Chest of Hong Kong, and a member of the board of directors and the finance committee of the Hospital
Authority.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mrs. Leung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. For the year ending 30 June 2026, in addition to the above fee, Mrs. Leung will also be entitled to receive a
fee of HK$60,000 per annum (or a pro rata amount for the duration of her membership for an incomplete year) for
being a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company.


Fan Hung-ling, Henry
SBS, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director (Age: 77)

Mr. Fan has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2018. He graduated from
The University of Hong Kong with an honours degree in Economics and Business Management and also holds
a Bachelor of Laws degree from University of Beijing. He is a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong, and in England and Wales
as well as an Attorney-at-Law in the State of California, U.S.A.

Mr. Fan has over 30 years of experience in business management. He was a director and then managing director of
CITIC Pacific Limited (now known as CITIC Limited) from 1990 and 1992 respectively to 2009. In addition, Mr. Fan was
a deputy chairman of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited from 1997 to 2009 and an independent non-executive director of
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited from 2003 to 2009. He is currently an independent non-executive director
of HKR International Limited. Mr. Fan is also the managing director of Hong Kong Glory Limited, a family investment
company.



                                                    Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED      53
Other Information
Mr. Fan has a long record of public service in Hong Kong. He is the chairman of the Hospital Authority and the board
of directors of West Kowloon Cultural District Foundation Limited. Mr. Fan was a non-official member of the Executive
Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the Chief Executive’s Council of Advisers on
Innovation and Strategic Development, the chairman of the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority,
a non-executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission, and a member of the board of directors of the West
Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Fan is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Kwan Cheuk-yin, William
LLB
Non-Executive Director (Age: 91)

Mr. Kwan has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since July 1999 and is a member of both the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Kwan was the managing partner of Woo Kwan
Lee & Lo, Solicitors and had over 63 years of experience in legal practice. He retired as such on 31 March 2021 and
thereafter he was appointed a consultant of the firm. He is a former director and advisor and currently a voting
member of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. He is a vice president of Scout Association of Hong Kong, a vice
chairman of the Scout Performing Arts Committee, a chairman of Air Activities Committee, an adviser of Air Activities
Development Fund Committee, a chairman of Scout Association of Hong Kong Leadership Training Institute
Foundation Management Committee, a member of Programme Committee of Scout Association of Hong Kong and a
vice chairman of World Scout Foundation Baden-Powell Fellowship Hong Kong Chapter. Mr. Kwan is a past member
of the Stamp Advisory Committee and was a committee member of the Hong Kong Philatelic Society up to 31 March
2021 and thereafter was appointed honorary life president of the Hong Kong Philatelic Society. He is an honorary
member of the Federation of Inter-Asia Philately (FIAP), president of FIAP Grand Prix Club, formerly vice president of
FIAP and winner of two Grand Prix International at FIP Exhibitions. He is also a president of the Hong Kong Branch of
the King’s College London Association, a permanent advisor of Wah Yan (Hong Kong) Past Students Association and a
chairman of Wah Yan Dramatic Society. Mr. Kwan is a committee member and legal advisor of South China Athletic
Association and former vice manager of its Football Section as well as manager of its Ten Pin Bowling Section and an
honorary legal advisor of the Hong Kong Society for Reproductive Society.

Mr. Kwan was commissioner general and vice chairman of the Organizing Committees of the Hong Kong 1994, 1997,
2001 and 2004 International Stamp Exhibitions and was commissioner general and chairman of the Organizing
Committees of the Hong Kong 2009 and 2015 International Stamp Exhibitions. He served on the Hong Kong Golf Club
General Committee on several occasions in various capacities. He graduated from King’s College, London University
and is a fellow of King’s College London, the Institute of Arbitrators and the Royal Philatelic Society, London.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwan is entitled to receive fees of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company, and HK$60,000 for being a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration
Committee of the Company.




54   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
BA
Non-Executive Director (Age: 40)

Mr. Kwok has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2018. He holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Economics from Yale University. Mr. Kwok joined the Group in May 2008 and has participated in managing
the hotels and serviced apartments of the Group in Hong Kong and on the Mainland. He is a director of a subsidiary in
the hotel division of the Group. Prior to joining the Group, he worked in an international investment bank. He is also a
director of Empire Group Holdings Limited.

Mr. Kwok is a nephew of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company.

Kwok Kai-fai, Adam
MBA, BSc, SBS
Executive Director (Age: 42)

Mr. Kwok has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2014. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University and a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from Harvard Business School. He worked in an international investment bank prior to joining the
Group in November 2008, and has substantial experience in corporate finance. He is currently responsible for the
planning, development and management of residential and commercial projects of the Group in Hong Kong and on
the Mainland. Since April 2013, he has taken up the overall responsibilities for the property business in Southern
China. Mr. Kwok is also an independent non-executive director of The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited.

Mr. Kwok is a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference,
a council member of the Chinese Association of Hong Kong & Macao Studies and a standing committee member of the
Guangdong Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He is also a vice-president
of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong, a member of the Economic Advancement Expert Group of
the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the
International Advisory Council of the Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong, an advisor of
Our Hong Kong Foundation and a president of Hong Kong United Youth Association. In addition, Mr. Kwok is a
founding chairman of Hong Kong Guangdong Youth Association and a vice-chairman of Greater Bay Area Homeland
Youth Community Foundation. He was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star in 2022 by the Government of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Kwok is a nephew of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company and other emoluments of approximately HK$9.53 million.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       55
Other Information

Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher
MBA, BSc, JP
Executive Director (Age: 39)

Mr. Kwok has been an Executive Director of the Company since April 2016. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Kwok holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Chemistry from Harvard University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Stanford
Graduate School of Business. He joined the Group in 2011 and is primarily responsible for the leasing of residential,
retail and commercial properties of the Group in Hong Kong and on the Mainland. Besides, he assumes the overall
responsibilities for the property business of the Group in Northern China. Mr. Kwok also assists the Chairman of the
Company in all other non-property businesses of the Group in which he is a non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd. Mr. Kwok is also a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

In addition, Mr. Kwok is a member of the General Committee of the Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong, a governor
of Our Hong Kong Foundation Limited and a member of its Development Committee as well as a council member of
Hong Kong Chronicles Institute Limited. He is also a member of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Chinese
People’s Political Consultative Conference, a vice-chairman of Greater Bay Area Homeland Youth Community
Foundation, and a member of the Museum Advisory Committee and its History Sub-committee of the Leisure and
Cultural Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey, and the younger brother of
Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward. He is a director of Cyric Limited, which is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Kwok is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$8.79 million, including
a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

Tung Chi-ho, Eric
BA(AS)Hons, BArch, HKIA, Registered Architect, Authorised Person (List of Architects)
Executive Director (Age: 66)

Mr. Tung has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Tung holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Architectural Studies and a Bachelor of Architecture degree from The University of Hong Kong. He is a
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Architects and a Registered Architect. Mr. Tung joined the Group in 1987 and
has progressed through the ranks with increasing project management, sales and marketing responsibilities for a
number of signature projects of the Group in Hong Kong and Singapore and on the Mainland. He is also an executive
director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Tung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$21.40 million,
including a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.




56   Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

Fung Yuk-lun, Allen
BA, Ph.D.
Executive Director (Age: 57)

Mr. Fung has been an Executive Director of the Company since December 2013. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company, the chief executive officer of the Group’s non-property related portfolio investments, and
a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fung obtained an undergraduate degree (Modern History) from
Oxford University and holds a doctoral degree in History and East Asian Languages from Harvard University. He was a
recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996. Mr. Fung was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University in 1993-1994
and a visiting Assistant Professor of History at Brown University in 1996-1997. Mr. Fung is a vice chairman and an
executive director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. as well as a deputy chairman and an executive director of SmarTone
Telecommunications Holdings Limited. He is also a non-executive director of Transport International Holdings Limited.

Mr. Fung joined McKinsey & Company (“McKinsey”), a global management consulting company, in 1997. He primarily
served clients on the Mainland and in Hong Kong, and also served institutions in Europe and Southeast Asia. Mr. Fung
was the co-leader of the infrastructure practice for McKinsey. He was the managing partner of McKinsey Hong Kong
from 2004 to 2010. In 2011, he became a director of McKinsey globally, being the first Hong Kong Chinese to become
a director in McKinsey’s history. He was also the head of recruiting for the Asia region in McKinsey.

Mr. Fung is a member of the General Committee of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce and the
vice president of The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups. He has also been elected a professor of practice of
The Hong Kong Management Association and a member of its Executive Committee.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Fung is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$23.79 million,
including fees of HK$52,500 and HK$162,000 for being a vice chairman and a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. as
well as a deputy chairman and a director of SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited respectively.

Chan Hong-ki, Robert
BSc(BS), MHKIS, MRICS, RPS(BS), AP(Surveyor)
Executive Director (Age: 61)

Mr. Chan has been an Executive Director of the Company since August 2022. He is also a member of the Executive
Committee of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chan graduated from
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and holds a Bachelor’s degree from University of Greenwich. He is a member of
The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and a registered professional
surveyor. He is also an Authorised Person under the Buildings Ordinance (Chapter 123 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Mr. Chan joined the Group in 1993 and has progressed through the ranks. He is a project director for various key
residential, commercial, industrial and mixed developments of the Group in Hong Kong, Hangzhou and Guangzhou,
and is also responsible for design aspects including architectural, structural, electrical and mechanical, landscape and
interior design of various development projects of the Group. He is also a non-executive director of SUNeVision
Holdings Ltd. and a director of BEAM Society Limited.

For the year ended 30 June 2025, Mr. Chan is entitled to receive a fee of HK$300,000 for being a Director of the
Company. He is also entitled to receive other emoluments in the total sum of approximately HK$16.82 million,
including a fee of HK$45,000 for being a director of SUNeVision Holdings Ltd.




                                                     Interim Report 2025/26    SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED       57
Other Information

Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
EMBA, BA
Alternate Director to Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond (Age: 45)

Mr. Kwok has been an Alternate Director to Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond since July 2012. He is also a director of
certain subsidiaries of the Company. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University and a Postgraduate
Diploma in Professional Accountancy from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He has also obtained an Executive
MBA degree from Kellogg School of Management and HKUST Business School in December 2017. His professional
qualifications include being a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since
September 2020 and being a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales since
February 2020. In addition, Mr. Kwok has been an alternate director to Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond at Wing Tai
Properties Limited since April 2015.

Mr. Kwok has joined the Group since January 2010 and is now a sales and project manager, responsible for feasibility
study, marketing and planning of new residential projects of the Group in Hong Kong. Before joining the Group,
Mr. Kwok worked in a major international audit firm.

Mr. Kwok is a son of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond. He is also a grandson of Madam Kwong Siu-hing, who is a
substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Mr. Kwok is a cousin of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam and Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey, and the elder brother of
Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher. He is a director of Cyric Limited, which is a substantial shareholder of the Company
within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



All the Directors and Alternate Directors of the Company have not entered into any service contract with the Company.
In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and shall
be eligible for re-election at the annual general meetings of the Company, and the appointment of Alternate Directors
will cease if their appointors cease to be Directors of the Company.

The Directors’ fees are proposed by the Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders of the Company at the
annual general meeting and their other emoluments are subject to review by the Board of Directors from time to time
pursuant to the power given to it under the articles of association of the Company with reference to their contributions
in terms of time, effort and accomplishments. Alternate Directors shall not be entitled to receive from the Company
any remuneration in respect of their appointment as Alternate Directors except only such part (if any) of the
remuneration otherwise payable to their appointors as such appointors may by notice in writing to the Company from
time to time direct.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Executive Directors of the Company are also members of the senior management of the Group.




58   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required,
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as adopted
by the Company, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

1.        Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company


                                                               Number of shares held
                                                     Family
                                    Personal       interests         Corporate                                          Number of                         % of
                                    interests     (interests          interests                                         underlying                      issued
                                     (held as     of spouse       (interests of                                        shares held                      voting
                                   beneficial       or child        controlled            Other                       under equity                 shares as at
Name of Directors                     owner)      under 18)       corporation)         interests          Sub-total    derivatives         Total    31.12.2025
                                                            1                                   2,3&9
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond              188,743      1,580,000                  –     612,414,491          614,183,234              –   614,183,234         21.19
Wong Chik-wing, Mike                 497,695              –                  –               –              497,695              –       497,695          0.02
Lui Ting, Victor                     160,000              –                  –               –              160,000              –       160,000          0.01
                                                            1
Wong Yue-chim, Richard                 5,000          1,000                  –               –                6,000              –         6,000          0.00
                                                            1
Li Ka-cheung, Eric                         –          4,028                  –               –                4,028              –         4,028          0.00
                                                            1
Fung Kwok-lun, William               220,000          9,739                  –               –              229,739              –       229,739          0.01
                                                            1
Leung Nai-pang, Norman                20,000         10,833                  –               –               30,833              –        30,833          0.00
Leung Ko May-yee, Margaret            15,372              –                  –               –               15,372              –        15,372          0.00
                                                                                               4,5&9
Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                    –              –                  –     585,094,860          585,094,860              –   585,094,860         20.19
                                                                               6               7,8&9
Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                         –              –             32,000     593,168,735          593,200,735              –   593,200,735         20.47
                                             10             1                                  2,3&9
Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher           110,000         60,000                  –     591,255,588          591,425,588              –   591,425,588         20.41
Chan Hong-ki, Robert                 100,000              –                  –               –              100,000              –       100,000          0.00
Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                   32,000              –                  –     591,255,5892,3&9     591,287,589              –   591,287,589         20.40
     (Alternate Director to
        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)


Notes:

1.        These shares in the Company were held by the spouse of the Director concerned.

2.        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond was deemed to be interested in 42,317,805 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
          founder and a beneficiary of two discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares:

          (a)      Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher was deemed to be interested in 21,158,902 shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary
                   of one of the said discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests
                   and were therefore duplicated between Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher; and

          (b)      Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward was deemed to be interested in 21,158,903 shares by virtue of him being a beneficiary of the
                   other of the said discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests
                   and were therefore duplicated between Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.


                                                                          Interim Report 2025/26              SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                59
Other Information
3.    Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in
      570,096,686 shares in the Company by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of
      the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

4.    Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was deemed to be interested in 232,332,799 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

5.    Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was also deemed to be interested in 352,762,061 shares in the Company by virtue of him being
      a beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

6.    These shares in the Company were held by a corporation wholly-owned and controlled by Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam.

7.    Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam was deemed to be interested in 21,158,903 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

8.    Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam was also deemed to be interested in 572,009,832 shares in the Company by virtue of him being a
      beneficiary of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

9.    Of the said 570,096,686 shares, 352,762,061 shares and 572,009,832 shares in the Company as stated in Notes 3, 5 and 8
      above respectively, Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun,
      Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in 121,579,223 shares in the Company by virtue of them
      being beneficiaries of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same
      interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

10.   These shares in the Company were held jointly with the spouse of Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher.


2.    Long positions in shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company
      (a)   SUNeVision Holdings Ltd. (“SUNeVision”)

                                                             Number of shares held
                                                              Family
                                               Personal     interests                                    Number of                         % of
                                               interests   (interests                                    underlying                      issued
                                                (held as   of spouse                                    shares held                      voting
                                              beneficial     or child          Other                   under equity                 shares as at
                                                                                                                   1
            Name of Directors                    owner)    under 18)        interests        Sub-total derivatives          Total    31.12.2025

            Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                   –            –       3,485,0002&3      3,485,000            –     3,485,000          0.15
            Wong Chik-wing, Mike                218,000            –               –           218,000            –       218,000          0.01
            Lui Ting, Victor                        356            –               –               356            –           356          0.00
            Leung Nai-pang, Norman              341,000          1424              –           341,142            –       341,142          0.01
            Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                   –            –      11,927,6582&5     11,927,658            –    11,927,658          0.51
            Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                        –            –      11,927,6582&5     11,927,658            –    11,927,658          0.51
            Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher                –            –      13,272,6582,3&5   13,272,658            –    13,272,658          0.56
            Fung Yuk-lun, Allen               4,000,000            –               –         4,000,000    8,000,000    12,000,000          0.51
            Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                       –            –      13,272,6582,3&5   13,272,658            –    13,272,658          0.56
              (Alternate Director to
                Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)




60    Interim Report 2025/26               SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
    Notes:

    1.   These underlying shares held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for the time
         being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by SUNeVision under its share option schemes.
         Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2025 were as
         follows:

                                                                                                Number of share options
                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                             Exercise                        Balance      Granted      Exercised       Lapsed       Balance
                                  Date of        price         Exercise         as at       during        during        during         as at
         Name of Director          grant    per share           period    01.07.2025    the period    the period    the period   31.12.2025
                                                 (HK$)
         Fung Yuk-lun, Allen   04.05.2022      6.532      04.05.2023 to    4,000,000            –             –             –     4,000,000
                                                            03.05.2027

                               26.05.2025      6.250      26.05.2026 to    4,000,000            –             –             –     4,000,000
                                                            25.05.2030


         The above share options can be exercised up to 30% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant,
         up to 60% of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant, and in whole or in part of the grant
         from the third anniversary of the date of grant.

    2.   Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
         and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in 2,140,000 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them
         being beneficiaries of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented
         the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

    3.   Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were also deemed to
         be interested in 1,345,000 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for
         the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated
         amongst them.

    4.   These shares in SUNeVision were held by the spouse of the Director concerned.

    5.   Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
         were also deemed to be interested in 9,787,658 shares in SUNeVision by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a
         discretionary trust for the benefit of the sons of the late Mr. Kwok Ping-sheung, Walter, of Mr. Kwok Ping-kwong,
         Thomas and of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond respectively for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares
         represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




                                                         Interim Report 2025/26          SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                       61
Other Information
     (b)   SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (“SmarTone”)

                                                      Number of shares held
                                               Personal                                    Number of                           % of
                                               interests                                   underlying                        issued
                                                (held as                                  shares held                        voting
                                              beneficial         Other                   under equity                   shares as at
           Name of Directors                     owner)       interests        Sub-total  derivatives          Total     31.12.2025
                                                                       1
           Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                    –      5,162,337         5,162,337             –     5,162,337           0.47
                                                                       2
           Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey                    –      6,849,161         6,849,161             –     6,849,161           0.62
                                                                       2
           Kwok Kai-fai, Adam                         –      6,849,161         6,849,161             –     6,849,161           0.62
                                                                       1&2
           Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher                 –     12,011,498        12,011,498             –    12,011,498           1.09
           Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                  437,359              –           437,359             –       437,359           0.04
                                                                       1&2
           Kwok Ho-lai, Edward                        –     12,011,498        12,011,498             –    12,011,498           1.09
                (Alternate Director to
                  Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond)


           Notes:

           1.       Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be
                    interested in 5,162,337 shares in SmarTone by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a discretionary trust for the
                    purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated
                    amongst them.

           2.       Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward
                    were deemed to be interested in 6,849,161 shares in SmarTone by virtue of them being beneficiaries of a
                    discretionary trust for the benefit of the sons of the late Mr. Kwok Ping-sheung, Walter, of Mr. Kwok Ping-kwong,
                    Thomas and of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond respectively for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares
                    represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




62   Interim Report 2025/26          SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
  (c)   Transport International Holdings Limited (“Transport International”)

                                                    Number of shares held
                                                     Personal                                    Number of                                          % of
                                                     interests                                   underlying                                       issued
                                                      (held as                                  shares held                                       voting
                                                    beneficial                                 under equity                                  shares as at
        Name of Directors                              owner)                  Sub-total        derivatives1                   Total          31.12.2025
                                                                  2
        Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond                       680,059                    680,059            430,000            1,110,059                     0.21
        Lui Ting, Victor                              300,000                    300,000                  –              300,000                     0.06
        Li Ka-cheung, Eric                             17,600                     17,600            430,000              447,600                     0.08
        Leung Nai-pang, Norman                        701,457                    701,457            470,000            1,171,457                     0.22
        Fung Yuk-lun, Allen                                 –                          –            430,000              430,000                     0.08


        Notes:

        1.   These underlying shares held under equity derivatives represented the share options (being regarded for the time
             being as unlisted physically settled equity derivatives) granted by Transport International under its share option
             scheme. Details of these share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2025
             were as follows:

                                                                                                           Number of share options
                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                     Exercise                            Balance      Granted      Exercised         Lapsed         Balance
                                          Date of        price             Exercise         as at       during        during          during           as at
             Name of Directors             grant    per share               period    01.07.2025    the period    the period      the period     31.12.2025
                                                         (HK$)
             Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond   19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –              –         (400,000)            –
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –              –                –       430,000
                                                                        30.03.2028

             Li Ka-cheung, Eric        19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –              –         (400,000)            –
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –              –                –       430,000
                                                                        30.03.2028

             Leung Nai-pang, Norman    19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      450,000            –              –         (450,000)            –
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      470,000            –              –                –       470,000
                                                                        30.03.2028

             Fung Yuk-lun, Allen       19.11.2020      15.32          19.11.2021 to      400,000            –              –         (400,000)            –
                                                                        18.11.2025

                                       31.03.2023      10.60          31.03.2024 to      430,000            –              –                –       430,000
                                                                        30.03.2028


             The above share options can be exercised up to 50% of the grant from the first anniversary of the date of grant
             and in whole or in part of the grant from the second anniversary of the date of grant.

        2.   Of these shares in Transport International, 674,665 shares were held jointly with the spouse of Mr. Kwok
             Ping-luen, Raymond.

                                                                 Interim Report 2025/26             SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED                       63
Other Information
     (d)   Each of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher,
           Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward had the following interests in shares of the
           following associated corporations:

                                                                                                              Actual % of interests
                                                                                      Actual shares held     in issued voting shares
           Name of associated corporations                                          through corporation            as at 31.12.2025
                                                                                                        1
           Hung Carom Company Limited                                                                 25                      25.00
                                                                                                        1
           Tinyau Company Limited                                                                      1                      50.00
           Open Step Limited                                                                           81                     80.00
                                                                                                        1
           Vivid Synergy Limited                                                            963,536,900                       20.00


           Note:

           1.      Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-fai, Adam, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey
                   and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward were deemed to be interested in these shares by virtue of them being beneficiaries of
                   certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Such shares represented the same interests and
                   were therefore duplicated amongst them.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company were,
under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, taken to be interested or deemed to have any other interests or short
positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations that were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or that were required
to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company follows the Model Code in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for the Directors of
the Company in their dealings in the securities of the Company. In response to specific enquiry made by the Company,
all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the six months ended
31 December 2025.


SHARE OPTION AND SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
The Company had no share option scheme or share award scheme during the six months ended 31 December 2025.

Both SUNeVision and SmarTone (being subsidiaries of the Company) operate share option schemes in order to provide
incentives to their participants to make more contributions to their respective groups. Participants of their respective
share option schemes may be granted rights to subscribe for their respective new shares at pre-determined exercise
prices during the exercise periods.

In addition, in order to provide incentives to the participants to make more contributions to the SmarTone group,
SmarTone has adopted a share award scheme under which shares of SmarTone will be acquired by a trustee from the
market at the cost of SmarTone and be held in trust for selected employees of the SmarTone group until the end of
each vesting period. The shares will be transferred to the selected employees upon vesting. The selected employees are
not required to pay any purchase price for the transfer of the vested shares. No new shares of SmarTone will be issued
under the share award scheme.




64   Interim Report 2025/26        SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
A Director of the Company holds share options granted by SUNeVision under its share option schemes. Details of these
share options and their movements during the six months ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the section headed
“Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above.

Neither SUNeVision nor SmarTone is a principal subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Chapter 17 of the
Listing Rules and the Company is not subject to the obligations thereunder insofar as the share schemes (including
share option schemes and/or share award schemes) of SUNeVision and SmarTone are concerned.


INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER PERSONS
As at 31 December 2025, substantial shareholders of the Company and other persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO,
or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or which were
notified to the Company, were as follows:

                                                                    Number of shares held

                                             Personal            Corporate
                                             interests            interests                                                         % of
                                              (held as         (interests of                                                issued voting
                                            beneficial           controlled             Other                                shares as at
                                              owner)           corporation)           interests               Total           31.12.2025

(i) Substantial shareholders
    HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited                      –                    –      1,336,346,7431&2     1,336,346,743                46.12
    Kwong Siu-hing                             25,024                     –       815,127,7371(a)&2    815,152,761                 28.13
                                                                                                                      2&3
    Adolfa Limited (“Adolfa”)            231,182,838           121,579,223                   –         352,762,061                 12.17
    Bertana Limited (“Bertana”)          231,182,838           121,579,223                   –         352,762,0612&4              12.17
    Cyric Limited (“Cyric”)              231,182,838           121,579,223                   –         352,762,0612&5              12.17


(ii) Other persons
    Highvern Cayman Limited                          –                    –       253,491,7016         253,491,701                  8.75
                                                                                                 6
    Kwok Kai-ho, Jonathan                            –                    –       232,332,798          232,332,798                  8.02
    Islington Holdings Limited                       –         217,334,6251(b)               –         217,334,625                  7.50
                                                        1(c)
    Thriving Talent Limited              195,542,095                      –                  –         195,542,095                  6.75
    Thriving Talent Holdings Limited                 –         195,542,0951(c)               –         195,542,095                  6.75
    Rosy Result Limited                  189,909,0951(b)                  –                  –         189,909,095                  6.55
                                                        6(a)
    Asporto Limited                      187,357,707                      –                  –         187,357,707                  6.47


Notes:

1. (a) Madam Kwong Siu-hing was deemed to be interested in 815,127,737 shares in the Company by virtue of her being a founder
       of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. These shares formed part of the shares in the Company in
       which HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested by virtue of it being the trustee of certain discretionary trusts
       and were therefore duplicated between these two substantial shareholders.




                                                               Interim Report 2025/26     SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED               65
Other Information
     (b) In addition to the deemed interests as stated in Note 1(a) above, HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in
         217,334,625 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee of a discretionary trust for the purpose of Part XV of the
         SFO. These shares represented the same interests held by Islington Holdings Limited and were therefore duplicated between
         them. Of these shares, 189,909,095 shares were held through Rosy Result Limited (which was 40% owned by Islington
         Holdings Limited) and were therefore duplicated amongst HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited, Islington Holdings Limited and Rosy
         Result Limited.

        The 217,334,625 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
        in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond, Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward as disclosed
        in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated
        amongst them.

     (c) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 219,247,771 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the
         trustee of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares, 195,542,095 shares represented
         the same interests held by Thriving Talent Limited (which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thriving Talent Holdings Limited)
         and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

        The 219,247,771 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
        in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief
        Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between them.

     (d) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested in 84,635,610 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
         of certain discretionary trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. Of these shares, 21,158,903 shares, 21,158,902 shares
         and 21,158,903 shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam,
         Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward respectively as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’
         and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited and each of these
         respective Directors.

        The 21,158,902 shares and 21,158,903 shares deemed to be interested by Messrs. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok
        Ho-lai, Edward respectively as disclosed in the above paragraph were also deemed to be interested by Mr. Kwok Ping-luen,
        Raymond and such shares were also the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Ping-luen,
        Raymond as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above. Therefore,
        the 21,158,902 shares above were duplicated amongst HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited, Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and
        Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher, whereas the 21,158,903 shares above were duplicated amongst HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited,
        Mr. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond and Mr. Kwok Ho-lai, Edward.

     (e) HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was also deemed to be interested in 1,000 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
         of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

2.      Of the respective shares in the Company held by Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric, 121,579,223 shares were held through
        corporations of which each of Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric was interested in one-third of the entire issued share capital. These
        121,579,223 shares represented the same interests and were therefore duplicated amongst these companies. Further, the
        respective shares held by Adolfa, Bertana and Cyric formed part of the shares in the Company in which each of
        Madam Kwong Siu-hing and HSBC Trustee (C.I.) Limited was deemed to be interested.

3.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed
        in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated
        between them.

4.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-fai, Adam as disclosed in
        the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated between
        them.

5.      These shares were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of Messrs. Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond,
        Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher and Kwok Ho-lai, Edward as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and
        Chief Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated amongst them.




66     Interim Report 2025/26      SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
Other Information
6. (a) Highvern Cayman Limited was deemed to be interested in 211,173,896 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee
       of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO. These shares represented the same interests in which Mr. Kwok Kai-ho,
       Jonathan was deemed to be interested by virtue of him being a beneficiary of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the
       SFO and were therefore duplicated between them. Of these shares, 187,357,707 shares represented the same interests held
       by Asporto Limited and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

      The 211,173,896 shares in the Company as disclosed in the above paragraph were the same shares in the Company included
      in “other interests” of Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief
      Executives’ Interests” above, and were therefore duplicated amongst them.

   (b) In addition to the deemed interests as stated in Note 6(a) above, Highvern Cayman Limited was deemed to be interested in
       42,317,805 shares in the Company by virtue of it being the trustee of certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.
       Of these shares, 21,158,902 shares and 21,158,903 shares represented the same interests in which each of Mr. Kwok Kai-ho,
       Jonathan and Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey was respectively deemed to be interested by virtue of them being beneficiaries of
       certain trusts for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO and were therefore duplicated between Highvern Cayman Limited and
       each of Mr. Kwok Kai-ho, Jonathan and Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey respectively. The above 21,158,903 shares deemed to
       be interested by Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey were the same shares in the Company included in “other interests” of
       Mr. Kwok Kai-chun, Geoffrey as disclosed in the table under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests” above.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, there were no other persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO,
or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or which were
notified to the Company.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMES OF THE GROUP
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed more than 38,000 employees. The related employees’ costs before
reimbursements for the six months ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$7,471 million.
Compensation for the Group is made with reference to the market as well as individual performance and contributions.
Extensive use of bonuses to link performance with reward is adopted. The Group also provides a comprehensive
benefit package and career development opportunities, including retirement schemes, medical benefits, and both
internal and external training appropriate to individual needs. Share option and share award schemes have also been
adopted by certain subsidiaries of the Company to provide appropriate long-term incentive to the key staff of the
Group.


BASIS OF DETERMINING EMOLUMENT TO DIRECTORS
The same remuneration philosophy also applies to the Directors of the Company. Apart from benchmarking against
the market, the Company looks at individual competence and contributions and the affordability of the Company in
determining the exact level of remuneration for each Director. Appropriate benefits schemes are also in place for the
Executive Directors.




                                                             Interim Report 2025/26       SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED             67
Other Information

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has declared an interim dividend of HK$0.98 per share
(2024: HK$0.95 per share) for the six months ended 31 December 2025 to the shareholders of the Company
(the “Shareholders”) whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 13 March 2026.
The interim dividend will be payable in cash on Thursday, 19 March 2026. Shares of the Company will be traded
ex-dividend as from Wednesday, 11 March 2026.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The record date for ascertaining Shareholders’ entitlement to the interim dividend will be Friday, 13 March 2026,
during which the register of members of the Company will be closed and no transfer of shares will be registered.
In order to establish entitlements to the interim dividend, Shareholders must lodge all transfer documents accompanied
by the relevant share certificates for registration with Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on
Thursday, 12 March 2026.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares, if any) during the six months ended 31 December 2025.


REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The interim results for the six months ended 31 December 2025 are unaudited, but have been reviewed in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants by
Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, whose report on review of condensed consolidated financial statements is set out
on page 18 of this report. The interim results have also been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee
of the Company.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
During the six months ended 31 December 2025, the Company has complied with the code provisions (the “Code
Provisions”) of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except that there is no
separation of the roles of chairman and chief executive as required under Code Provision C.2.1. However, the powers
and authorities have not been concentrated as all major decisions have been made in consultation with the Board and
appropriate Board committees, as well as top management. In addition, there are two Non-Executive Directors and
seven Independent Non-Executive Directors on the Board offering their experience, expertise, independent advice and
views from different perspectives. The Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate balance of power and
safeguards in place.




By order of the Board
Yung Sheung-tat, Sandy
Company Secretary

Hong Kong, 26 February 2026



68   Interim Report 2025/26   SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED
