goog-20241231 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________________ FORM ___________________________________________ (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the fiscal year ended 2024 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the transition period from Commission file number: ___________________________________________ (Exact name registrant specified its charter) ___________________________________________ (State other jurisdiction incorporation organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act: Title each class Trading Symbol(s) Name each exchange which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(g) the Act: Title each class None ___________________________________________ Indicate check mark the registrant well-known seasoned issuer, defined Rule 405 the Securities Act. &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark the registrant not required file reports pursuant Section Section 15(d) the Act. Yes &#9744; &#9746; Indicate check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required filed Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934 during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required file such reports), and (2) has been subject such filing requirements for the past days. &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required submitted pursuant Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 this chapter) during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit such files). &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, emerging growth company. See the definitions &#8220;large accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company,&#8221; and "emerging growth company" Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act. &#9746; Accelerated filer &#9744; Non-accelerated filer &#9744; Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company emerging growth company, indicate check mark the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant Section 13(a) the Exchange Act. &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has filed report and attestation its management's assessment the effectiveness its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) the registered public accounting firm that prepared issued its audit report. securities are registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act, indicate check mark whether the financial statements the registrant included the filing reflect the correction error previously issued financial statements. Indicate check mark whether any those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis incentive-based compensation received any the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant &#167;240.10D-1(b). &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant shell company (as defined Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; June 28, 2024, the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices such shares the Nasdaq Global Select Market June 28, 2024) was approximately trillion. For purposes calculating the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates, have assumed that all outstanding shares are held non-affiliates, except for shares held each our executive officers, directors, and greater stockholders. the case greater stockholders, have not deemed such stockholders affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, unless they hold 10% more our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not deemed constitute admission that all executive officers, directors, and greater stockholders are, fact, affiliates our company, that there are not other persons who may deemed affiliates our company. Further information concerning shareholdings our officers, directors, and principal stockholders included incorporated reference Part III, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. January 28, 2025 there wer million shares Alphabet&#8217;s Class stock outstanding, million shares Alphabet&#8217;s Class stock outstanding, and million shares the Alphabet&#8217;s Class stock outstanding. ___________________________________________ Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2024 TABLE CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements PART Item Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item 1C. Cybersecurity Item Properties Item Legal Proceedings Item Mine Safety Disclosures PART Item Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities Item [Reserved] Item Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item Changes and Disagreements With Accountants Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Signatures Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note About Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. These include, among other things, statements regarding: &#8226; the growth our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends our business; &#8226; fluctuations our revenues and margins and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our expectation that the continuing shift online world the digital economy evolves will continue benefit our business; &#8226; our expectation that the revenues that derive beyond advertising will continue increase and may affect our margins; &#8226; our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rate will fluctuate, which could affect our overall margins; &#8226; our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins; &#8226; fluctuations paid clicks and cost-per-click well impressions and cost-per-impression, and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our expectation that will continue periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks and impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated the corresponding click and impression activity; &#8226; our expectation that our results will affected our performance international markets users developing economies increasingly come online; &#8226; our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; the expected variability gains and losses related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; &#8226; the amount and timing revenue recognition from customer contracts with commitments for performance obligations, including our estimate the remaining amount commitments and when expect recognize revenue; &#8226; our expectation that our capital expenditures will increase, including our expected spend and the expected increase our technical infrastructure investment support the growth our business and our long-term initiatives, particular support artificial intelligence (AI) products and services; &#8226; our plans continue invest new businesses, products, services and technologies, and systems, well continue invest acquisitions and strategic investments; &#8226; our pace hiring and our plans provide competitive compensation programs; &#8226; our expectation that our cost revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses may increase amount and/or may increase percentage revenues and may affected number factors; &#8226; estimates our future employee compensation expenses; &#8226; our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI&E), will fluctuate the future, largely driven market dynamics; &#8226; our expectation that our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase future years; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality, which are likely cause fluctuations our quarterly results; &#8226; the sufficiency our sources funding; &#8226; our potential exposure connection with new and pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies, including the possibility that certain legal proceedings which are party could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; our expectation that will continue face heightened regulatory scrutiny, and changes regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results; &#8226; the expected timing, amount, and effect Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases and dividends; &#8226; our long-term sustainability goals; well other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Part Item "Business;" Part Item "Risk Factors;" and Part II, Item "Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can identified words such "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based current expectations and assumptions that are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results differ materially from those reflected the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause contribute such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, including the risks discussed Part Item "Risk Factors" and the trends discussed Part II, Item "Management's Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations," and those discussed other documents file with the SEC. undertake obligation revise publicly release the results any revision these forward-looking statements, except required law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not place undue reliance such forward-looking statements. used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks ours appearing this report are our property. not intend our use display other companies' trade names trademarks imply endorsement sponsorship such companies, any relationship with any these companies. PART ITEM BUSINESS Overview our founders Larry and Sergey wrote the original founders' letter, "Google not conventional company. not intend become one." That unconventional spirit has been driving force throughout our history, inspiring tackle big problems and invest moonshots. led pioneer the development and, since 2016, AI-first company. continue this work under the leadership Alphabet and Google CEO, Sundar Pichai. Alphabet collection businesses &#8212; the largest which Google. report Google two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud, and all non-Google businesses collectively Other Bets. Supporting these businesses, have centralized certain AI-related research and development which reported Alphabet-level activities. Alphabet's structure about helping each our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and Technology for Everyone The Internet one the world&#8217;s most powerful equalizers; propels ideas, people, and businesses large and small. Our mission organize the world&#8217;s information and make universally accessible and useful relevant today was when were founded 1998. Since then, have evolved from company that helps people find answers company that also helps people get things done. are focused building even more helpful Google for everyone, and aspire give everyone the tools they need increase their knowledge, health, happiness, and success. Google Search helps people find information and make sense the world more natural and intuitive ways, with trillions searches Google every year. YouTube provides people with entertainment, information, and opportunities learn something new and helps support the creator economy through the YouTube Partner Program. Google Cloud helps customers solve today&#8217;s business challenges, improve productivity, reduce costs, and unlock new growth engines. are continually innovating and building new products and features help our users, partners, customers, and communities and have invested more than $150 billion research and development the last five years support these efforts. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Making Helpful for Everyone believe profound platform shift, one that can bring meaningful and positive change people and societies across the world, and our business. Google, have been bringing into our products and services for more than decade and making them available our users. 2023, took significant step our journey make more helpful for everyone with the introduction Gemini, our natively multimodal model. 2024, launched Gemini 2.0, our most capable model yet. Gemini can generalize and seamlessly understand, operate across, and combine different types information including text, code, audio, image, and video. Gemini powering features across our products and services that are helping people everyday. Today, all seven our two billion-user products &#8212; Android, Chrome, Gmail, Maps, Play Store, Search, and YouTube &#8212; are using Gemini. Our Google Cloud products, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, help organizations stay the forefront innovation with our AI-optimized infrastructure, development platform, world-class models, well assistive agents and applications. believe has the potential solve important societal, scientific, and engineering challenges. For example, 2020, Google DeepMind&#8217;s AlphaFold system solved 50-year-old protein folding challenge, and 2024, introduced AlphaFold built the previous models, predict the structure and interactions all the molecules life's processes. are focused transforming our products provide the most helpful tools our users and customers deliver our mission organize the world&#8217;s information and make universally accessible and useful. Deliver the Most Advanced, Safe, and Responsible aim build the most advanced, safe, and responsible through full stack robust AI-optimized infrastructure, including data centers, chips, and global fiber network; world class research teams; and broad global reach through products and platforms that touch billions people and customers around the world. are driving efficiencies our data centers, while making significant hardware and model improvements. For example, since started serving Overviews our users, have significantly lowered machine costs and latency through hardware, engineering, and technical breakthroughs. Our AI-optimized infrastructure allows use, and offer our customers, range accelerator options, including our own custom-built Tensor Processing Units (TPUs). Our teams across Alphabet leverage Gemini, well other models have previously developed and announced, deliver the best product and service experiences for our users, advertisers, partners, customers, and developers. are using Gemini 2.0 new research prototypes, including Project Astra, which explores the future capabilities universal assistant and Project Mariner, early prototype capable taking actions Chrome experimental extension. believe our approach must both bold and responsible. That means developing way that maximizes the positive benefits society while addressing its potential challenges, guided our Principles. Enable Organizations and Developers Innovate Google Cloud major technology shift for enterprises. Globally, businesses from startups large enterprises, and the public sector are thinking about how drive transformation. That why are focused making easy and scalable for others innovate, and grow, with AI. That means providing advanced computing infrastructure and expanding access Google&#8217;s latest models. Our Vertex platform gives developers the ability train, tune, augment, test, and deploy applications using Gemini, Imagen, Veo, and other generative models. Gemini for Google Cloud provides pre-packaged agents that can assist developers write, document, test, and operate software well assist cybersecurity teams analyze, detect, protect, and respond threats. Improve Knowledge, Learning, Creativity, and Productivity continues improve rapidly, are focused transforming our products provide our users the most helpful tools. Examples include Overviews, which allow users ask their most complex questions, break down concepts format that useful for them, take video and ask question out loud, and NotebookLM, which helps users understand complex information summarizing sources and providing relevant quotes. are embedding the power generative continue helping our users express themselves and get things done. For example, the Gemini app allows users collaborate with new features that include image generation capabilities, coding support, and app integration. Gemini for Google Workspace helps users write, organize, visualize, accelerate workflows, and have richer meetings. Additionally, are using Gemini improve recommendations YouTube. also know businesses all sizes around the world rely Google Ads find customers and grow their businesses &#8212; and Table Contents Alphabet Inc. make that even easier with AI. For example, advertisers are able use our updated image generation Google Ads produce high-quality imagery for their campaigns, and Demand Gen helps them reach their target audiences. Build the Most Helpful Personal Computing Platforms and Devices Over the years, our Pixel phones have incorporated compute directly into the device and built experiences top it. Our latest Pixel devices were built with Gemini Nano, bringing the best AI-assistive experiences our users, such Gemini Pixel, Pixel Screenshots, and Pixel Studio. Our Android and Chrome operating systems enable users access Gemini, and other Google features throughout their day. For example, with Circle Search built directly into the Android experience, users can search anything they see their phone using simple gesture. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads irrelevance over time, especially technology, where change tends revolutionary, not evolutionary. Our acquisitions YouTube and Android and subsequent launch Chrome have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and safer, popular browser. Other Bets, our fully autonomous driving technology company, Waymo, now providing fully autonomous, paid ride-hailing services customers multiple cities. Our early investments started out moonshots but are now incorporated into our core products and central future developments. continue look toward the future and invest for the long term, most notably for the application our products and services, well other frontier technologies such quantum computing. said the original founders' letter, will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that believe in, they are the key our long-term success. Privacy and Security make priority protect the privacy and security our products, users, and customers, even there are near-term financial consequences. this continuously investing building products that are secure default; strictly upholding responsible data practices that emphasize privacy design; and building easy-to-use settings that put people control. are continually enhancing these efforts over time, whether enabling users auto-delete their data, applying privacy technologies like on-device processing, giving people tools control their experience, advancing anti-malware, anti-phishing, and password security features. Google For reporting purposes Google comprises two segments: Google Services and Google Cloud. Google Services Serving Our Users have always been committed building helpful products that can improve the lives millions people worldwide. Our product innovations are what make our services widely used, and our brand one the most recognized the world. Google Services' core products and platforms include ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube, with broad and growing adoption users around the world. Our products and services have come long way since the company was founded more than years ago. While Google Search started way find web pages, organized into ten blue links, have driven technical advancements and product innovations that have transformed Google Search into dynamic, multimodal experience. first expanded from traditional desktop browsers into mobile web search, making easier navigate smaller screens. new types content surfaced the internet, Universal Search made possible search multiple content types, like news, images, videos, and more, deliver rich, relevant results. The introduction new search modalities, like voice and visual search, made easier for people express their curiosity natural and intuitive ways. took that step further with multisearch, which lets people search with text and images the same time. Large language models have made possible express more natural language queries, vastly improving the types questions users can ask, and the quality results. Each advancement has made easier and more natural for people find what they are looking for. are now using Gemini customized for Google Search provide our users improved Search experience, and Overviews has been released more than one hundred countries, reaching more than one billion users. This drive make information more accessible and helpful has led over the years improve the discovery and creation digital content both the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. People are consuming many forms digital content, including watching videos, streaming TV, playing games, listening music, Table Contents Alphabet Inc. reading books, and using apps. Working with content creators and partners, continue build new ways for people around the world create and find great digital content. Fueling all these great digital experiences are extraordinary platforms and devices. That why continue invest platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, and Chrome operating system, well our family devices. see tremendous potential for devices helpful and make people's lives easier combining the best our AI, software, and hardware. This potential reflected our latest generation devices, such the new Pixel series and the Pixel Watch Creating products and services that people rely every day journey that are investing for the long-term. How Make Money have built world-class advertising technologies for advertisers, agencies, and publishers power their digital marketing businesses. Our advertising solutions help millions companies grow their businesses through our wide range products across devices and formats, and aim ensure positive user experiences serving the right ads the right time and building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. has been foundational our advertising business for more than decade. Products like Demand Gen, Performance Max, and Product Studio use the full power our help advertisers find untapped and incremental conversion opportunities. Google Services generates revenues primarily delivering both performance and brand advertising that appears Google Search other properties, YouTube, and Google Network partners' properties ("Google Network properties"). continue invest both performance and brand advertising and seek improve the measurability advertising advertisers understand the effectiveness their campaigns. &#8226; Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click leading direct engagement with advertisers. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers create simple text-based ads. &#8226; Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness and affinity for advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types ads specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns. have allocated substantial resources stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users the web. focus creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers many ways, including filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions bad ads from our systems every year, and closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blocklisting them when necessary ensure that ads not fund bad content. addition, Google Services increasingly generates revenues from products and services beyond advertising, including: &#8226; consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, well Google One; &#8226; platforms which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales apps and in-app purchases; and &#8226; devices, which primarily include sales the Pixel family devices. Google Cloud Through our Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace offerings, Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services. Customers use Google Cloud multiple ways such as: &#8226; AI-optimized Infrastructure: provides open, reliable, and scalable compute, networking, and storage enable customers run workloads anywhere &#8212; our Cloud, the edge, their data centers. can used migrate and modernize systems and train and serve various types models. &#8226; Developer Platform: provides developers, through the Vertex platform, the ability train, tune, augment, test, and deploy applications using Gemini and other leading generative models. offer widely used first-party, third-party, and open models along with services such vector search, grounding, and distillation further improve the cost and quality models. &#8226; Cybersecurity: provides powered cybersecurity solutions help customers analyze, detect, protect, and respond broad range cybersecurity threats, further strengthen security outcomes, prioritize which threats investigate, and identify attack paths, well accelerate resolution cybersecurity threats. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Data and Analytics: provides variety different types databases &#8212; relational, key-value, and in-memory &#8212; store and manage data for different types applications and deliver data agents. Our data platform also unifies data lakes, data warehouses, data governance, and advanced machine learning into single platform that helps users analyze data using models across any cloud. &#8226; Applications: offers broad applications portfolio, including Gemini for Google Cloud and Gemini for Google Workspace, well purpose-built agents for Search and our Customer Engagement Suite. has been used Google Workspace for years improve grammar, efficiency, security, and more with features like Smart Reply, Smart Compose, and malware and phishing protection Gmail. Now, Gemini for Google Workspace brings our AI-powered agents into Gmail, Docs, Sheets and more help users write, organize, visualize, accelerate workflows, and have richer meetings. Other Bets Across Alphabet, are also using technology try solve big problems that affect wide variety industries, including transportation and health technology. Alphabet&#8217;s investment the portfolio Other Bets includes businesses that are various stages development, ranging from those the R&D phase those that are the beginning stages commercialization. Our goal for them become thriving, successful businesses. Other Bets operate independent companies and some them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some them are already generating revenue and making important strides their industries. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale healthcare-related services, and internet services. Competition Our business characterized rapid change well new and disruptive technologies. face formidable competition every aspect our business, including but not limited to, from: &#8226; general purpose search engines and information services; &#8226; vertical search engines and e-commerce providers for queries topics such those related travel, jobs, and health, which users may navigate directly rather than through Google; &#8226; online advertising platforms and networks, ncluding online shopping and streaming services; &#8226; other forms advertising, such billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television our advertisers typically advertise multiple media, both online and offline; &#8226; digital content and application platform providers; &#8226; providers enterprise cloud services; &#8226; developers and providers products and services; &#8226; companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms; &#8226; providers digital video services; &#8226; social networks, which users may rely for product service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines; &#8226; providers workspace communication and connectivity products; and &#8226; digital assistant providers. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability develop and distribute innovative products and technologies the marketplace across our businesses. For example, for advertising, competing successfully depends attracting and retaining: &#8226; users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely the basis the relevance our advertising, well the general usefulness, security, and availability our products and services; &#8226; advertisers, primarily based our ability generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and deliver their advertisements efficient and effective manner across variety distribution channels; and &#8226; content providers, primarily based the quality our advertiser base, our ability help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms our agreements with them. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. For additional information about competition, see Item Risk Factors this Annual Report Form 10-K. Ongoing Commitment Sustainability Our environmental strat egy has two key pillars, supported our dedication accessible information and technological innovation: &#8226; Our products: are empowering people with information about the environmental impacts their choices. &#8226; Our operations: are working drive sustainability and efficiency across our operations and value chain. Through our products, have aspiration help individuals, cities, and other partners collectively reduce one gigaton their carbon equivalent emissions annually 2030. 2021, set ambitious goal reach net-zero emissions across all our operations and value chain 2030. make progress toward this effort, aim reduce 50% our combined Scope Scope (market-based), and Scope absolute emissions (compared our 2019 base year) 2030, and plan invest nature-based and technology-based carbon removal solutions neutralize our remaining emissions. Our primary approach reducing our Scope emissions through the procurement carbon-free energy (CFE). 2020, set goal run 24/7 CFE every hour every day every grid where operate 2030. 2023, began implementing our carbon removals strategy, and have begun establishing impactful partnerships and have started contracting for carbon removal credits. Achieving net-zero emissions and 24/7 CFE 2030 are extremely ambitious goals. also know that our path net-zero emissions will not easy linear. Some our plans may take years deliver results, particularly where they involve building new large-scale infrastructure with long lead times. Our approach will continue evolve and will require navigate significant uncertainty, including the uncertainty around the future environmental impact AI, which complex and difficult predict. addition, solutions for some key global challenges not currently exist, and will depend heavily the development and improvement new technologies and the energy sector. our business and industry continue evolve, expect our total GHG emissions rise before dropping toward our absolute emissions reduction target. For additional information about risks and uncertainties applicable our work sustainability and efficiency, see Item Risk Factors this Annual Report Form 10-K. Culture and Workforce are company curious, talented, and passionate people. embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration ideas address complex challenges technology and society. Our people are critical for our continued success, work hard create environment where employees can have fulfilling careers, and happy, healthy, and perform high level. offer industry-leading benefits and programs take care the diverse needs our employees and their families, including opportunities for career growth and development, resources support their financial health, and access excellent healthcare choices. Our competitive compensation programs help attract and retain key talent, and will continue invest recruiting talented people technical and non-technical roles, and rewarding them well. provide variety high quality training and support managers build and strengthen their capabilities-&#8211;ranging from courses for new managers, learning resources that help them provide feedback and manage performance, coaching and individual support. December 31, 2024, Alphabet had 183,323 employees. have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations certain countries, and are committed supporting protected labor rights, maintaining open culture, and listening all employees. Supporting healthy and open dialogue central how work, and communicate information about the company through multiple internal channels our employees. When appropriate partner with outside companies contractual basis provide specialized service temporarily cover short-term need. The employees our suppliers and staffing partners &#8212; vendors and temporary staff, respectively &#8212; and independent contractors who are self-employed, make our extended workforce. choose our partners and staffing agencies carefully, and review their compliance with Google&#8217;s Supplier Code Conduct. Government Regulation are subject numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and local, well foreign laws and regulations covering wide variety subjects, and the scope this coverage continues broaden with continuing new legal and regulatory developments the U.S. and internationally. Like other companies the technology industry, face increasingly heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect our compliance with laws and Table Contents Alphabet Inc. regulations. Many these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, interpreted the courts, remain uncertain. Particularly with regard AI; competition; consumer protection; content moderation; data privacy and security; news publications; and sustainability and other social matters, have seen increase new and evolving laws and regulations, well related enforcement actions and investigations, being proposed and implemented recent years legislative and regulatory bodies around the world. have seen recent years, different laws and regulations the same topic may not always have the same requirements, and even when requirements overlap, the rules are not always consistently implemented, interpreted, and enforced from jurisdiction jurisdiction. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may onerous and could, individually the aggregate, increase our cost doing business, make our products and services less useful, limit our ability pursue certain business practices offer certain products and services, cause change our business models and operations, affect our competitive position relative our peers, and/or otherwise harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. additional information about government regulation applicable our business, see Item Risk Factors; Trends Our Business and Financial Effect Part II, Item and Legal Matters Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Intellectual Property rely various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions protect our proprietary technology and our brand. have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names, and copyrights. have also filed patent applications the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain our technology, and acquired patent assets supplement our portfolio. have licensed the past, and expect that may license the future, certain our rights other parties. For additional information, see Item Risk Factors this Annual Report Form 10-K. Available Information Our website located www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website located www.abc.xyz/investor. Access our Annual Reports Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q, Current Reports Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments these reports, available our investor relations website, free charge, after file furnish them with the SEC and they are available the SEC's website www.sec.gov. webcast via our investor relations YouTube channel and website our earnings calls and certain events participate host with members the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications news announcements regarding our financial performance and other items that may material interest our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. also share Google news and product updates Google's Keyword blog and News From Google page x.com/NewsFromGoogle, and our executive officers may also use certain social media channels, such and LinkedIn, communicate information about earnings results and company updates, which may interest material our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code conduct, also available our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The information contained on, that may accessed through our websites our executive officers' social media channels, not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC, and any references our websites are intended inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price our Class and Class stock. Risks Specific our Company generate significant portion our revenues from advertising. Reduced spending advertisers, loss partners, new and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability personalize ads could harm our business. generated more than 75% total revenues from online advertising 2024. Many our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with any time. These partners may not continue business with not create more value (such increased numbers users customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, more effective 10. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes our advertising policies and data privacy practices, such our initiatives related third-party cookies, including our announcement July 2024 move from phasing out all third-party cookies proposed user choice model (which remains subject continuing discussions with regulators), well changes other companies&#8217; advertising and/or data privacy practices have the past, and may the future, affect the advertising services that are able provide. addition, technologies have been developed that make personalized ads more difficult, that block the display ads altogether, and some providers online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality third-party digital advertising. Failing provide superior value deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. addition, expenditures advertisers tend correlate with overall economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting fluctuations the amounts our advertisers spend advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. face intense competition. not continue innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, customers, and other partners, may not remain competitive, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business environment rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions rival products and services. compete successfully, must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies timely manner. our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure innovate will encompass wider range products and services. must continue invest significant resources technical infrastructure and R&D, including through acquisitions, order enhance our technology, products, and services. have many competitors different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories and well-established relationships various sectors. They can use their experience and resources ways that could affect our competitive position, including making acquisitions and entering into other strategic arrangements; continuing invest heavily technical infrastructure, R&D, and talent; initiating intellectual property and competition claims (whether not meritorious); and continuing compete for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies enforcement existing laws may enable our lesser known competitors aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitors may also able innovate and provide products and services faster more cost effectively than can may foresee the need for products and services before do. are expanding our investment across the entire company. This includes generative and continuing integrate capabilities into our products and services. technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including technical infrastructure, development and operational costs, meet the changing needs and expectations our existing users and attract new users. Our ability deploy certain technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend the availability and pricing third-party equipment and other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. Additionally, other companies may develop products and technologies that are similar superior our technologies more cost-effective develop and/or deploy. Other companies may also have (or the future may obtain) patents other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, interfere with our ability make, use, sell our own products and services. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer our products and services are not responsive timely manner the evolving needs and desires our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, miscalculate those needs and desires and invest significantly areas that fail gain sufficient market traction. new and existing technologies continue develop, competitors and new entrants may able offer experiences that are, that are perceived be, substantially similar better than ours. These technologies could reduce usage our products and services, and force compete different ways and expend significant resources develop and operate equal better products and services. Competitors&#8217; success providing compelling products and services attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our ongoing investment new businesses, products, services, and technologies inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. have invested and expect continue invest new businesses, products, services, and technologies wide range industries beyond online advertising. The investments that are making across our businesses, such 11. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. building capabilities into new and existing products and services, reflect our ongoing efforts innovate and provide products and services that are helpful users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments ultimately may not commercially viable may not result adequate return capital and, pursuing new strategies, may incur unanticipated liabilities. have invested significantly and expect continue invest significantly our property and equipment, including our technical infrastructure, and expect these assets benefit our business over their estimated useful lives. Changes facts and circumstances such changes ongoing business operations, changes the planned use and utilization assets, and/or technological advancements, could indicate change the period over which expect benefit from the asset and impact our financial condition and operating results. Innovations our products and services could also result changes user behavior and affect our revenue trends. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use alternative investment, governance, compensation structures that may fail adequately align incentives across the company otherwise accomplish their objectives. Within Google Services, continue invest heavily devices, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which highly competitive market with frequent introduction new products and services, rapid adoption technological advancements competitors, increased market saturation developed countries, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity the part consumers and businesses. There can assurance will able provide devices that compete effectively. Within Google Cloud, devote significant resources develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, and are advancing our platforms and models support these tools and technologies. are incurring costs build and maintain infrastructure support cloud computing services, invest cybersecurity, and hire talent, particularly support and scale our sales force. the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services. Pricing, including platform switching costs, are challenging across the industry, and delivery models are competitive and constantly evolving, and may therefore not achieve our business objectives. Further, our business with financial services, healthcare, and public sector customers may present additional risks, including regulatory compliance risks. For instance, may subject government audits and cost reviews, and any failure comply any deficiencies found may expose legal, financial, and/or reputational risks. Evolving laws and regulations may require make new capital investments, build new products, and seek partners deliver localized services other countries, and may not able meet sovereign operating requirements. Within Other Bets, are investing significantly areas such health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors, and our offerings, many which involve the development new and emerging technologies, may not successful, able compete effectively operate sufficient levels profitability. addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all these investment areas are inherently risky, assurance can given that such strategies and offerings will successful will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and may experience downward pressure our operating margin the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time result number factors, including changes the devices and modalities used access our products and services; changes geographic mix; deceleration declines advertiser spending; competition; changes customer usage and demand for our existing products and increasing demand for new technologies; decreases the pricing our products and services; ongoing product and policy changes; and shifts lower priced products and services. addition, may experience downward pressure our operating margin resulting from variety factors, such increase the mix lower-margin products and services, particular from the continued expansion our business into new fields, including products and services such our devices, Google Cloud, and consumer subscription products, well significant investments Other Bets, all which may have margins lower than those generate from advertising. particular, margins our devices have had, and may continue have, adverse effect our consolidated margins due pressures pricing and higher cost sales. may also experience downward pressure our operating margins from increasing regulations, increasing competition, and increasing costs 12. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. for many aspects our business, including higher level investment technical infrastructure. Further, certain our costs and expenses are generally less variable nature and may not correlate changes revenue. may also not able continue execute our efficiency efforts successfully timely manner. Due these factors and the evolving nature our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not indicative our future performance. For additional information, see Trends Our Business and Financial Effect and Revenues and Monetization Metrics Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability protect them could reduce the value our products, services, and brands well affect our ability compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside our control pose threat our intellectual property rights, well our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not available every country which our products and services are distributed made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts have taken protect our proprietary rights may not sufficient effective. Although seek obtain patent protection for our innovations, possible may not able protect some these innovations. Moreover, may not have adequate patent copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out important. There always the possibility that the scope the protection gained will insufficient that issued patent may deemed invalid unenforceable. also seek maintain certain intellectual property trade secrets. The secrecy such trade secrets and other sensitive information could compromised, which could cause lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become commonly used that becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; Some courts have ruled that "Google" protectable trademark, but possible that other courts, particularly those outside the U.S., may reach different determination. this happens, could lose protection for this trademark, which could result other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; refer their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Any significant impairment our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights costly and time consuming. Any increase the unauthorized use our intellectual property could make more expensive business and harm our financial condition and operating results. Our business depends strong brands, and failing maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability expand our base users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed the success our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets increases our ability enter new categories and launch new and innovative products and services that better serve the needs our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands have been, and may the future be, negatively affected number factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, and product technical performance failures. For example, fail respond appropriately the sharing misinformation objectionable content our services and/or products objectionable practices advertisers, otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence our brands. Furthermore, failure maintain and enhance our brands could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our success will depend largely our ability remain technology leader and continue provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play valuable role range settings. face number manufacturing and supply chain risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. face number risks related manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability supply both our products and our services. rely contract manufacturers manufacture assemble our devices well servers and networking equipment used our technical infrastructure, certain components which may supply. rely third parties supply components and distribute our products and services. Our business could negatively affected are not able engage these companies with the necessary capabilities capacity reasonable terms, those engage fail meet their obligations (whether due financial difficulties other reasons), make adverse changes the pricing other material terms our arrangements with them. 13. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. have experienced and/or may the future experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, and/or longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations, driven raw material and/or component availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, tariffs, sanctions and export controls, trade disputes and barriers, forced labor concerns, sustainability sourcing requirements, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, natural disasters pandemics, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality effects and power shutdowns associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), power and transmission availability, and significant changes the financial business condition our suppliers. Some the components use our technical infrastructure and our devices are available from only one limited sources, and may not able find replacement vendors favorable terms the event supply chain disruption. significant supply interruption that affects our vendors could delay critical data center upgrades expansions and delay consumer product availability. may enter into long-term contracts for materials and products that commit significant terms and conditions. may face costs for materials and products that are not consumed due market demand, technological change, changed consumer preferences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. For instance, because certain our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing minimum purchase requirements, the volume sales our devices decreases does not reach projected targets, could face increased materials and manufacturing costs other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit manufacture and harm our financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, certain our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. For example, industry supply capacity for accelerators, including Graphics Processing Units, GPUs, well our custom-built TPUs, highly competitive and rapidly evolving. are unable negotiate favorable contractual terms our competitors claim the supply capacity first, may face supply constraints. Our devices have had, and the future may have, quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, operations. Sometimes, these issues may caused components purchase from other manufacturers suppliers. the quality our products and services does not meet expectations our products services are defective require recall, could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. require our suppliers and business partners comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies and practices, such the Google Supplier Code Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance, and intellectual property licensing, but not control them their practices. Violations law unethical business practices could result supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm key relationships, and damage our reputation. Their failure procure necessary license rights intellectual property could affect our ability sell our products services and expose litigation financial claims. Interruption to, interference with, failure our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The availability our products and services and fulfillment our customer contracts depend the continuing operation our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable damage, interference, interruption from modifications upgrades, terrorist attacks, state-sponsored attacks, natural disasters pandemics, geopolitical tensions armed conflicts, export controls and sanctions, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality effects and power shutdowns associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), power and transmission availability challenges, utility outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, software bugs, cyber attacks, supply-chain attacks, computer denial service attacks, phishing schemes, other attempts harm access our systems. Some our data centers are located areas with high risk major earthquakes other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts vandalism, and, some cases, potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced facility operators disruptions result geopolitical tensions and conflicts happening the area. Some our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence natural disaster pandemic, closure facility, other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result lengthy interruptions our service. addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained the past, and may contain the future, errors vulnerabilities, which could result interruptions failure our services systems. Any these incidents could impede prevent from effectively offering products and providing services, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations expose additional risks that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 14. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our international operations are significant our revenues and net income, and plan continue grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 51% our consolidated revenues 2024. addition risks described elsewhere this section, our international operations expose other risks, including the following: &#8226; restrictions foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent from repatriating cash earned countries outside the U.S.; &#8226; sanctions, import and export controls, other market access barriers, political unrest, geopolitical tensions, changes regimes, armed conflict (such ongoing conflicts the Middle East and Ukraine), any which may affect our business continuity, increase our operating costs, limit demand for our products and services, limit our ability source components final products, prevent impede from operating certain jurisdictions, complying with local laws, offering products services; &#8226; longer payment cycles some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels payment fraud; &#8226; evolving foreign policy landscape that could harm our revenues and could subject litigation, new regulatory costs and challenges (including new customer requirements), uncertainty regarding regulatory outcomes, and other liabilities under local laws that may not offer due process clear legal precedent; &#8226; anti-corruption laws, such the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments government officials, violations which could result civil and criminal penalties; and &#8226; different employee/employer relationships; different labor laws, regulations, and labor practices; and other challenges caused distance, language, local expertise, and cultural differences, increasing the complexity doing business multiple jurisdictions. Because conduct business currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results U.S. dollars, have faced, and will continue face, exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates. Although hedge portion our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies have the past and may the future adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results. are exposed fluctuations the fair values our investments and, some instances, our financial statements incorporate inherently subjective valuation methodologies. The fair value our debt and equity investments may the future be, and certain investments have been the past, negatively affected liquidity, credit deterioration losses, performance and financial results the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes interest rates, the effect new changing regulations, the stock market general, other factors. measure certain our non-marketable equity and debt securities, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awards settled the stock Other Bet companies, and certain assets and liabilities acquired business combination, fair value nonrecurring basis, which inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. All gains and losses non-marketable equity securities are recognized OI&E, which increases the volatility our OI&E. The unrealized gains and losses impairments record from fair value remeasurements any particular period may differ significantly from the gains and losses ultimately realize such investments. result these factors, the value our investments could decline, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Risks Related our Industry People access our products and services through variety platforms and devices that continue evolve with the advancement technology and user preferences. manufacturers and users not widely adopt versions our products and services developed for these interfaces, our business could harmed. People access our products and services through growing variety devices such desktop computers, phones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables (including virtual reality and augmented reality devices), automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and services may less popular some interfaces. Each manufacturer distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not available may only available with limited functionality for our users our advertisers these devices result. Some manufacturers may also elect not include our products their devices. 15. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. hard predict the challenges may encounter adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. expect continue devote significant resources creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing attract and retain substantial number device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, failing develop products and technologies that work well new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability capture future business opportunities. Issues the development and use may result reputational harm and increased liability exposure. Our evolving AI-related efforts may give rise risks related harmful content, inaccuracies, discrimination, intellectual property infringement misappropriation, violation rights publicity, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, and other issues. result these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation systems could subject competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability (including under new and proposed legislation and regulations), new applications existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand reputational harm. Some uses will present ethical issues and may have broad effects society. order implement responsibly and minimize unintended harmful effects, have already devoted and will continue invest significant resources develop, test, and maintain our products and services, but may not able identify resolve all AI-related issues, deficiencies, and/or failures before they arise. Unintended consequences, uses, customization our tools and systems may negatively affect human rights, privacy, employment, other social concerns, which may result claims, lawsuits, brand reputational harm, and increased regulatory scrutiny, any which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Data privacy and security concerns relating our technology and our practices could harm our reputation, cause incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users customers from using our products and services. Computer viruses, software bugs defects, security breaches, and attacks our systems could result the improper disclosure and use user data and interference with our users&#8217; and customers&#8217; ability use our products and services, harming our business and reputation. Concerns about, including the adequacy of, our practices with regard the collection, use, governance, disclosure, security personal data other data-privacy-related matters, even unfounded, could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time expectations and regulations regarding privacy and data change. Our products and services involve the storage, handling, and transmission proprietary and other sensitive information. Malicious software such viruses, software bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities our products and services, well cyber attacks, phishing schemes, and other types security breaches expose risk loss improper use and disclosure such information, which could result litigation and other potential liabilities, including regulatory fines and penalties, well reputational harm. Additionally, our products incorporate highly technical and complex technologies, and thus our technologies and software have contained, and are likely the future contain, undetected errors, bugs, and/or vulnerabilities. continue add new features involving our offerings and internal systems, and features that rely may susceptible unanticipated security threats our and the market&#8217;s understanding AI-centric security risks and protection methods continue develop. have the past discovered, and may the future discover, some errors our software code only after have released the code. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure comply with our privacy policies, and/or inadvertent disclosure user data could result regulatory and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation, brand, and business, and impair our ability attract and retain users customers. Such incidents have occurred the past and may continue occur due the scale and nature our products and services. While there guarantee that such incidents will not cause significant damage, expect continue expend significant resources maintain security protections that limit the effect bugs, theft, misuse, and security vulnerabilities breaches. experience cyber attacks and other attempts gain unauthorized access our systems regular basis. Cyber attacks continue evolve sophistication and volume, and inherently may difficult detect for long periods time. For example, the development and implementation technologies may further increase our exposure exacerbate the risks cyber attacks other security incidents, particularly where such technologies are exploited third parties breach our other parties&#8217; systems, including when such technologies are used target our employees impersonate members senior management order gain unauthorized access our systems. have also seen, and will continue see, industry-wide software supply chain vulnerabilities, which could affect our other parties&#8217; systems. expect continue experience such incidents vulnerabilities the future. Our efforts prevent security incidents and address undesirable activity our platform may require spend additional resources prepare and defend against such threats, and could also increase the risk retaliatory attack. addition, 16. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. face the risk cyber attacks nation-states and state-sponsored actors. These attacks may target our customers, particularly our public sector customers (including federal, state, and local governments). Geopolitical tensions armed conflicts, such the ongoing conflict the Middle East and Ukraine, may increase these risks. may experience security and/or privacy issues, whether due employee insider error malfeasance, system errors, vulnerabilities our other parties&#8217; systems. While may not determine some these issues material the time they occur and may remedy them quickly, there guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries, enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There also guarantee that series related issues may not determined material later date the aggregate, even they may not material individually the time their occurrence. Because the techniques used obtain unauthorized access to, disable degrade service provided otherwise sabotage systems change frequently and often are recognized only after being launched against target, even taking all reasonable precautions, including those required law, have been unable the past and may continue unable anticipate detect attacks vulnerabilities implement adequate preventative measures. Further, any partners with whom share user other customer information fail implement adequate data-security practices, fail comply with our terms and policies, otherwise suffer network other security breach, our users&#8217; data may improperly accessed, used, disclosed. actual perceived breach our our business partners&#8217; service providers&#8217; security occurs, the market perception the effectiveness our security measures would harmed, could lose users and customers, our trade secrets those our business partners may compromised, and may exposed significant legal and financial risks, including legal claims (which may include class-action litigation) and regulatory actions, fines, and penalties. Any the foregoing consequences could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. While have dedicated significant resources privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incident response teams, our response process, particularly during times natural disaster pandemic, may not adequate, may fail accurately assess the severity incident, may not fast enough prevent limit harm, may fail sufficiently remediate incident. result, may suffer significant legal, reputational, financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information, see also our risk factor privacy and data protection regulations under &#8216;Risks Related Laws, Regulations, and Policies&#8217; below. Our ongoing investments safety, security, and content review will likely continue identify abuse our platforms and misuse user data. addition our efforts prevent and mitigate cyber attacks, are making significant investments safety, security, and review efforts combat misuse our services and unauthorized access user data third parties, including investigation and review platform applications that could access the information users our services. result these efforts, have the past discovered, and may the future discover, incidents unnecessary access misuse user data other undesirable activity third parties. However, may not have discovered, and may the future not discover, all such incidents activity, whether result our data limitations, including our lack visibility over our encrypted services, the scale activity our platform, other factors, including factors outside our control such natural disaster pandemic, and may learn such incidents activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use user data our systems manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts policies, the existence false undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper purchases, activities that threaten people&#8217;s safety on- off-line, instances spamming, scraping, spreading disinformation. While may not determine some these incidents material the time they occurred and may remedy them quickly, there guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There also guarantee that series related issues may not determined material later date the aggregate, even they may not material individually the time their occurrence. may also unsuccessful our efforts enforce our policies otherwise prevent remediate any such incidents. Any the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require change our business practices ways that harm our business operations, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result monetary penalties and damages, divert management&#8217;s time and attention, and lead enhanced regulatory oversight. 17. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Problematic content our platforms, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations our guidelines could affect the quality our services, which could harm our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. We, like others the industry, face violations our content guidelines across our platforms, including sophisticated attempts bad actors manipulate our hosting and advertising systems fraudulently generate revenues, otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest intent. While invest significantly efforts promote high-quality and relevant results and detect and prevent low-quality content and invalid traffic, have been unable and may continue unable detect and prevent all such abuses promote uniformly high-quality content. Increased use our offerings and internal systems may create new avenues abuse for bad actors. Many websites violate attempt violate our guidelines, including seeking inappropriately rank higher search results than our search engine's assessment their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts have affected, and may continue affect, the quality content our platforms and lead them display false, misleading, undesirable content. Although English-language web spam our search results has been reduced, and web spam most other languages limited, expect web spammers will continue seek inappropriate ways improve their rankings. Although continue invest and deploy proprietary technology detect and prevent web spam our platforms, there guarantee that our technology will always successful, and our users may have negative experiences our platforms our technology fails work intended, which may affect our users' decisions continuing use our platforms. also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities low-quality content help them improve their search rankings. are continually launching algorithmic changes designed detect and prevent abuse from low-quality websites, but may not always successful. also face other challenges our platforms, including violations our content guidelines involving incidents such attempted election interference; activities that threaten the safety and/or well-being our users, including minors, on- off-line; and the spreading misinformation disinformation. fail either detect and prevent increase problematic content effectively promote high-quality content, could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information reduce use our platforms, harming our financial condition and operating results. may also subject litigation and regulatory actions, which could result monetary penalties and damages and divert management&#8217;s time and attention. Our business depends continued and unimpeded access the Internet and our users. Internet access providers may able restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services, which could lead additional expenses and the loss users and advertisers. Our products and services depend the ability our users access the Internet, and certain our products require significant network capacity work effectively. Currently, this access provided companies that have significant market power the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some these providers have taken, have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, increase the cost user access certain our products restricting prohibiting the use their infrastructure support facilitate our offerings, charging increased fees our users provide our offerings, providing our competitors preferential access. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms discrimination internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists the U.S. and elsewhere regarding such protections. addition, some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject government-initiated restrictions blockages. These could harm existing key relationships, including with our users, customers, advertisers, and/or content providers, and impair our ability attract new ones; harm our reputation; and increase costs, thereby negatively affecting our business. Risks Related Laws, Regulations, and Policies are subject variety new, existing, and changing laws and regulations worldwide that could harm our business, and will likely subject even broader scope laws and regulations continue expand our business. are subject numerous U.S. federal and state well foreign laws and regulations covering wide variety subjects, and our introduction new businesses, products, services, and technologies will likely continue subject additional laws and regulations. recent years, governments around the world have proposed and adopted large number new laws and regulations relevant the digital economy, particularly the areas data privacy and security, competition, AI, and online content. The costs compliance with these measures are high and are likely increase the future, including result differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations. 18. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. New changing laws and regulations, interpretations applications existing laws and regulations manner inconsistent with our interpretations such laws and regulations and/or our practices, have resulted in, and may continue result in, less useful products and services, altered business models and operations, limited ability pursue certain business practices offer certain products and services, substantial costs, and civil criminal liability. Examples include laws and regulations regarding: &#8226; Competition and technology platforms&#8217; business practices: Laws and regulations focused large technology platforms, including the Digital Markets Act the European Union (EU); regulations and legal settlements the U.S., South Korea, and elsewhere that affect Google Play&#8217;s billing policies, fees, and business model; well litigation and new and expected regulations range jurisdictions, including, among others, the UK, Japan, and India. &#8226; AI: Laws and regulations focused the development, use, and provision technologies and other digital products and services, which could result monetary penalties other regulatory actions. For example, the Act came into force August 2024, and will generally become fully applicable after two-year transitional period (although certain obligations will take effect earlier later time). The Act introduces various requirements for systems and models placed the market put into service the EU, including specific transparency and other requirements for general purpose systems and the models which those systems are based. the U.S., there increasing uncertainty the federal government's approach regulation going forward, the continued applicability the White House's 2023 Executive Order the Safe, Secure, and Trustworthy Development and Use Artificial Intelligence, which lays out framework for the U.S. government, among other things, monitor private sector development certain foundation models, remains subject regulatory development. Several states are considering enacting have already enacted regulations concerning the use technologies, including those focused consumer protection, and depending the scope regulation the federal level, some states may move regulate model development and deployment. Further, the federal and state level, there have been various proposals (and some cases laws enacted) addressing &#8220;deepfakes&#8221; and other AI-generated synthetic media. &#8226; Data privacy, collection, processing, and portability: Laws and regulations further restricting the collection, processing, and/or sharing user advertising-related data, including privacy and data protection laws; laws affecting the processing children's data (as discussed further below), data breach notification laws; laws limiting data transfers (including data localization laws); and laws requiring data portability (including the Data Act, discussed further below). &#8226; Copyright and other intellectual property: Copyright and related laws, including the Directive Copyright the Digital Single Market and European Economic Area transpositions, which have introduced new licensing regimes, increase liability with respect content uploaded users linked from our platforms, create property rights news publications that could require payments news agencies and publishers, which may result other regulatory actions. &#8226; Content moderation: Various laws covering content moderation and removal, and related disclosure obligations, such the EU's Digital Services Act, Florida&#8217;s Senate Bill 7072 and Texas&#8217; House Bill 20, and laws and proposed legislation Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom that impose penalties for failure remove certain types content require disclosure information about the operation our services and algorithms, which may make harder for services like Google Search and YouTube detect and deal with low-quality, deceptive, harmful content, the other hand, may impinge the rights free expression, which, turn, could impact how our platforms are viewed users. Additionally, legislators are increasingly focused regulating online child safety, including content protections for minors under eighteen years age. These regulations could result our having modify our products and services and incur additional costs operate and monitor minors&#8217; experiences our products and services. &#8226; Consumer protection: Consumer protection laws, including the EU&#8217;s New Deal for Consumers, which could result monetary penalties and create range new compliance obligations. addition, the applicability and scope these and other laws and regulations, interpreted courts, regulators, administrative bodies, remain uncertain and could interpreted ways that harm our business. For example, rely statutory safe harbors, like those set forth the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and Section 230 the Communications Decency Act the U.S. and the Digital Services Act Europe, protect against liability for various linking, caching, ranking, recommending, and hosting activities. Legislation court rulings affecting these safe harbors may harm and may impose significant operational challenges. There are legislative proposals and pending litigation the U.S., EU, and around the world that could diminish eliminate safe harbor protection for websites and online platforms. Our development, use, and commercialization products and services (including our 19. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. implementation our offerings and internal systems) could subject regulatory action and legal liability, including under specific legislation regulating AI, well new applications existing data protection, cybersecurity, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws. Further, are subject evolving laws, regulations, policies, and international accords relating matters beyond our core products and services, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human capital, and employment matters. response, have implemented robust programs, adopted reporting frameworks and principles, and announced number complex and ambitious goals and initiatives that may require considerable investments. cannot guarantee that our goals and initiatives will fully realized the timelines expect all, and projects that are completed planned may not achieve the results anticipate. are and may continue subject claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, enforcement actions, consent orders, and other forms regulatory scrutiny and legal liability, including competition matters, that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. are subject claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, and other matters. The U.S. Department Justice (DOJ), various U.S. states, and other plaintiffs have filed, and may continue file the future, several antitrust lawsuits about various aspects our business, including our advertising technologies and practices, the operation and distribution Google Search, and the operation and distribution the Android operating system and Play Store. For example, the DOJ and number state Attorneys General filed lawsuit alleging that Google violated antitrust laws relating Search and Search advertising, and August 2024, the U.S. District Court for the District Columbia ruled that Google violated such antitrust laws. The Court holding separate proceeding determine remedies, which could include alterations our products and services and our business models and operations, including structural remedies, and/or our distribution arrangements, among other changes. While plan appeal, there can assurance that our appeal will succeed, that will able change decrease the severity any remedies that may ordered, and any all these potential remedies could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Also, December 2023, California jury delivered verdict Epic Games Google finding that Google violated antitrust laws relating Google Play's business. The presiding judge issued remedies decision October 2024 that ordered variety alterations our business models and operations and contractual agreements for Android and Google Play. are appealing the verdict, but are unsuccessful, could face significant expenses implement the remedies, and such costs and alterations could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Furthermore, December 2020, several State Attorneys General, led the Texas Attorney General, filed antitrust lawsuit the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District Texas alleging that Google violated antitrust and other laws relating its advertising technology. This case set for trial March 2025, and could face significant civil penalties. January 2023, the DOJ and several Attorneys General sued the Eastern District Virginia alleging similar antitrust violations relating Google&#8217;s advertising technology. Trial the DOJ matter concluded September 2024 with decision expected early 2025. are unsuccessful, could face order remedies that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. addition these regulatory proceedings, private individual and collective actions that overlap with claims pursued regulators are pending the U.S. and several other jurisdictions. Adverse results these similar future lawsuits may include awards monetary damages and remedies that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Other regulatory agencies the U.S. and around the world, including competition enforcers, consumer protection agencies, and data protection authorities, have challenged and may continue challenge our business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. are cooperating with these investigations and defending litigation appealing decisions where appropriate. are also subject variety claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumer protection claims related product defects, among other litigation, and may also subject claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental effects, training, development, and commercialization, service disruptions failures. Claims have been brought, and expect will continue brought, against for 20. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. defamation, negligence, breaches contract, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, torts, privacy rights violations, fraud, other legal theories based the nature and content information available via our services, the design and effect our products and services, due our involvement hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, providing access content created third parties. Various laws, regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have involved the past, and may the future result substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes our products and services, alterations our business models and operations, including divestiture, and collateral related civil litigation other adverse consequences. Any these legal proceedings could also result legal costs, diversion management resources, and negative publicity, all which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Estimating liabilities for our pending proceedings complex, fact-specific, and speculative process that requires significant judgment, and the amounts are ultimately liable for may less than exceed our estimates. The resolution one more such proceedings has resulted in, and may the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties, injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information about the ongoing material legal proceedings which are subject, see Legal Proceedings Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Privacy, data protection, data usage, and portability regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Any failure alleged failure comply with these laws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering number legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, data usage and portability, and encryption user data. Additionally, the increasing adoption technologies, which rely the collection large amounts data and use such data for training purposes, has led data protection authorities around the world consider and adopt new and evolving interpretations data protection laws, imposing specific obligations with respect the processing personal data, including required notices, consents, and opt-outs. Further, the increased risk inadvertent disclosure confidential information personal data connection with the utilization technologies may result stronger regulatory scrutiny, leading legal and regulatory investigations and enforcement actions that may negatively affect our business, even unfounded. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, regulation have resulted in, and may continue result in, fines and orders requiring that change our practices, which have had and could continue have adverse effect how provide services, harming our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject interpretation, and compliance obligations could cause incur substantial costs harm the quality and operations our products and services ways that harm our business. Examples these laws include: &#8226; The General Data Protection Regulation and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulations, which apply all our activities conducted from establishment the the United Kingdom, respectively, related products and services that offer the United Kingdom users customers, respectively, the monitoring their behavior the the UK, respectively. &#8226; Various U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign privacy laws related the processing and security personal data, including (1) comprehensive privacy laws that provide data privacy rights (including, California, private right action the event data breach resulting from our failure implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices) and impose significant obligations controllers and processors consumer data; (2) laws imposing obligations businesses that collect disclose biometric information (including, Illinois, Texas, and Washington); (3) laws governing the collection and processing children and minor&#8217;s data and how companies provide age appropriate online experiences (including, the U.S., the Children&#8217;s Online Privacy Protection Act 1998, the pending Children and Teens' Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA 2.0), which passed the U.S. Senate 2024, and similar U.S. state laws related children&#8217;s privacy, such the New York Child Data Protection Act, and the United Kingdom&#8217;s Age-Appropriate Design Code); and (4) laws regulating internet-connected devices (such as, California, the Internet Things Security Law). &#8226; The EU&#8217;s Digital Markets Act, which will require in-scope companies obtain user consent for combining data across certain products and require search engines share anonymized data with rival companies, among other changes; and the Data Act, which introduces new data portability requirements with respect connected products (i.e., &#8216;internet things&#8217; products) and related services, well interoperability obligations data processing services. 21. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Further, are subject evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances can transfer, process and/or receive personal data, well ongoing enforcement actions from supervisory authorities related cross-border transfers personal data. The validity various data transfer mechanisms currently rely upon remains subject legal, regulatory, and political developments globally, which may require adapt our existing arrangements. face, and may continue face, intellectual property infringement misappropriation, violation rights publicity, and other claims that could costly defend, result significant damage awards other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability use certain technologies. We, like other internet, technology, and media companies, are frequently subject litigation based allegations infringement other violations intellectual property rights, including patent, copyright, trade secrets, and trademarks. Parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against filing claims U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders. addition, patent-holding companies may frequently seek generate income from patents they have obtained bringing claims against us. continue expand our business, the number intellectual property claims against has increased and may continue increase develop and acquire new products, services, and technologies, including technologies. Adverse results any these lawsuits may include awards monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements (if licenses are available all), orders limiting our ability sell our products and services the U.S. elsewhere, including preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services certain jurisdictions. They may also cause change our business practices ways that could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. Many our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require defend against certain intellectual property infringement claims and some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result increased costs for defending such claims significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and harm our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered and our customers arising from intellectual property infringement claims. Furthermore, connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims. Regardless their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive litigate settle. the extent such claims are successful, they could harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, and operating results. could subject changes tax rates, the adoption new U.S. international tax legislation, exposure additional tax liabilities. are subject variety taxes and tax collection obligations the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates are affected variety factors, including changes the mix earnings jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, net gains and losses hedges and related transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes our stock price for shares issued employee compensation, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, and the application different provisions tax laws changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles (including changes the interpretation existing laws). Further, are unable fail collect taxes behalf customers, employees and partners the withholding agent, could become liable for taxes that are levied against third parties. are subject regular review and audit both domestic and foreign tax authorities. result, have received, and may the future receive, assessments multiple jurisdictions, various tax-related assertions, such transfer-pricing adjustments permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome such review audit could harm our financial condition and operating results, require adverse changes our business practices, subject additional litigation and regulatory inquiries. addition, the determination our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and often involves uncertainty. Although believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded our financial statements and may affect our financial results the period periods for which such determination made. Furthermore, due shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, rates various jurisdictions may subject significant changes ways that could harm our financial condition and operating results. For example, various jurisdictions around the world have enacted are considering revenue-based taxes such digital services taxes and other targeted taxes, which could lead inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax 22. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. regimes. The U.S. has imposed excise tax the fair market value shares repurchased, which could potentially increase the future. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal achieving consensus around substantial changes international tax policies, including the implementation minimum global effective tax rate 15%, which various jurisdictions around the world have either introduced draft legislation adopted final legislation. effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase result these changes. Risks Related Ownership our Stock cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program dividend program will continuously active fully consummated will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases dividends could increase the volatility our stock prices and could diminish our cash reserves. engage share repurchases our Class and Class stock from time time accordance with authorizations from the Board Directors Alphabet. Our repurchase program does not have expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet repurchase any specific dollar amount acquire any specific number shares. April 2024, announced the approval our cash dividend program and began paying regular cash dividends our Class Class and Class stockholders. Any and all future cash dividends are subject declaration our Board Directors its sole discretion, and accordance with the requirements any applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our cash dividend program does not require, and our Board Directors may decide not declare, cash dividend each quarter, and does not obligate our Board Directors declare dividend any specific dollar amount per share. Any such decision our Board Directors may depend variety factors that may deem relevant, including but not limited our earnings, liquidity, financial condition, other capital deployment opportunities, level indebtedness, and general market conditions. Our share repurchases dividends could affect our share trading prices, increase their volatility, reduce our cash reserves and may suspended terminated any time, which may result decrease the trading prices our stock. The concentration our stock ownership limits our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters. Our Class stock has votes per share, our Class stock has one vote per share, and our Class stock has voting rights. December 31, 2024, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 87.4% our outstanding Class stock, which represented approximately 52.1% the voting power our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership, Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets, for the foreseeable future. addition, because our Class stock carries voting rights (except required applicable law), the issuance the Class stock, including future stock-based acquisition transactions and fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey&#8217;s current relative voting power and their ability elect all our directors and determine the outcome most matters submitted vote our stockholders. The share repurchases made pursuant our repurchase program may also affect Larry and Sergey&#8217;s relative voting power. This concentrated control limits severely restricts other stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters and may take actions that some our stockholders not view beneficial, which could reduce the market price our Class stock and our Class stock. Provisions our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions Alphabet&#8217;s certificate incorporation and bylaws may have the effect delaying preventing change control changes our management. These provisions include the following: &#8226; Our Board Directors has the right elect directors fill vacancy created the expansion the Board Directors the resignation, death, removal director. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act written consent, which makes difficult take certain actions without holding stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation prohibits cumulative voting the election directors. This limits the ability minority stockholders elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice nominate individuals for election the Board Directors propose matters that can acted upon stockholders&#8217; meeting. These provisions may discourage deter potential acquirer from conducting solicitation proxies elect the acquirer's own slate directors otherwise attempting obtain control our company. 23. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Our Board Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares undesignated preferred stock, which makes possible for our Board Directors issue preferred stock with voting other rights preferences that could impede the success any attempt acquire us. Delaware corporation, are also subject certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, corporation may not engage business combination with any holder 15% more its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board Directors has approved the transaction. Our Board Directors could rely Delaware law prevent delay acquisition us. The trading price for our Class stock and non-voting Class stock may continue volatile. The trading price our stock has times experienced significant volatility and may continue volatile. addition the factors discussed this report, the trading prices our Class stock and Class stock have fluctuated, and may continue fluctuate widely, response various factors, including, among others, the size continuity either our share repurchase dividend programs, the activities our peers and changes broader economic and political conditions around the world. These broad market and industry factors could harm the market price our Class stock and our Class stock, regardless our actual operating performance. General Risks Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult predict and could cause our results fall short expectations. Our operating results have fluctuated, and may the future fluctuate, result number factors, many outside our control, including the cyclical nature and seasonality our business and geopolitical events. result, comparing our operating results (including our expenses percentage our revenues) period-to-period basis may not meaningful, and our past results should not relied indication our future performance. Consequently, our operating results future quarters may fall below expectations. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures are important elements our overall corporate strategy and use capital, and these transactions could material our financial condition and operating results. expect continue evaluate and enter into discussions regarding wide array such potential strategic arrangements, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some the areas where face risks include: &#8226; diversion management time and focus from operating our business challenges related acquisitions and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure obtain required approvals timely basis, all, from governmental authorities; conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay prevent from completing transaction, otherwise restrict our ability realize the expected financial strategic goals transaction; investigations litigation governmental authorities related our acquisitions and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure successfully integrate the acquired operations, technologies, services, and personnel (including cultural integration and retention employees) and further develop the acquired business technology; &#8226; implementation controls (or remediation control deficiencies), procedures, and policies the acquired company; &#8226; integration the acquired company&#8217;s accounting and other administrative systems, and the coordination product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions; &#8226; transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms; &#8226; the case foreign acquisitions, the need integrate operations across different cultures and languages and address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; &#8226; failure accomplish commercial, strategic financial objectives with respect investments, joint ventures, and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure realize the value investments and joint ventures due lack liquidity; &#8226; liability for activities the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data privacy and security issues, violations laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, warranty claims, product liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; and 24. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; litigation other claims connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, other third parties. Our failure address these risks other problems encountered connection with our past future acquisitions and other strategic arrangements could cause fail realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions and other strategic arrangements could also result dilutive issuances our equity securities, the incurrence debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, impairment goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits value our acquisitions and other strategic arrangements may not materialize. connection with our divestitures and certain other strategic arrangements, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. rely highly skilled personnel and, are unable retain motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, maintain and continue adapt our corporate culture, may not able grow operate effectively. Our performance and future success depends large part upon the continued service key technical leads well members our senior management team. For instance, Sundar Pichai critical the overall management Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays important role the development our technology, maintaining our culture, and setting our strategic direction. Our ability compete effectively and our future success depend our continuing identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas our organization. Competition our industry for qualified employees intense, and certain our competitors have directly targeted, and may continue target, our employees. addition, our compensation arrangements, such our equity award programs, may not always successful attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Immigration policy and regulatory changes may also affect our ability hire, mobilize, retain some our global talent. All our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. addition, believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. our organization grows and evolves, may need adapt our corporate culture and work environments ever-changing circumstances, such during times natural disaster pandemic, and these changes could affect our ability compete effectively have adverse effect our corporate culture. Under our hybrid work models, may experience increased costs and/or disruption, addition potential effects our ability operate effectively and maintain our corporate culture. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY For example, some risks include our software supply chain and other third-party dependencies, vulnerabilities our products and services, theft our intellectual property, and attempts compromise our infrastructure. obtain input, appropriate, for our cybersecurity risk management program the security industry and threat trends from multiple external experts and internal threat intelligence teams. Our executive leadership team, along with input from the above teams, are responsible for our overall enterprise risk management system and processes and regularly consider cybersecurity risks the context other material risks the company. remediate and resolve any such incidents. Significant incidents are reviewed regularly cross-functional working group determine whether further escalation appropriate. Any incident assessed potentially being potentially becoming material promptly escalated for further assessment, and then reported designated members our senior management. consult with outside counsel appropriate, including materiality analysis and disclosure matters, and our senior 25. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. has oversight responsibility for risks and incidents relating cybersecurity threats, including compliance with disclosure requirements, cooperation with law enforcement, and related effects financial and other risks, and reports any findings and recommendations, appropriate, the full for consideration. Senior management regularly discusses cyber risks and trends and, should they arise, any material incidents with the Audit and Compliance Committee. Internal Audit maintains dedicated cybersecurity auditing team that independently tests our cybersecurity controls. For more information our cybersecurity related risks, see Item Risk Factors this Annual Report Form 10-K. ITEM PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located Mountain View, California. own and lease office facilities and data centers around the world, primarily Asia, Europe, and North America. believe our existing facilities are good condition and suitable for the conduct our business. ITEM LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For description our material pending legal proceedings, see Legal Matters Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K, which incorporated herein reference. ITEM MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 26. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES EQUITY SECURITIES October 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer Google Inc. pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Our Class stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004, and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 2014. Prior August 19, 2004, there was public market for our stock. Our Class stock neither listed nor traded. Our Class stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 2014. Holders Record December 31, 2024 there were approxim ately 7,743 and 1,671 stockholders record our Class stock and Class stock, respectively. Because many our shares Class stock and Class stock are held brokers and other institutions behalf stockholders, are unable estimate the total number stockholders represented these record holders. December 31, 2024, there were approximately ockholders record our Class stock. Dividend Program Dividend payments stockholders Class Class and Class shares were $3.5 billion, $519 million, and $3.3 billion respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024. The company intends pay quarterly cash dividends the future, subject review and approval the company&#8217;s Board Directors its sole discretion. regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form capital return stockholders. Issuer Purchases Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect Alphabet's repurchases Class and Class stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 Period Total Number Class Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Total Number Class Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Class Share (2) Average Price Paid per Class Share (2) Total Number Shares Purchased Part Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value Shares that May Yet Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 5,792 30,080 167.66 168.84 35,872 53,699 November 4,325 22,450 174.97 175.98 26,775 49,023 December 3,559 19,572 187.07 187.52 23,131 44,704 Total 13,676 72,102 85,778 (1) epurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. For additional information related share repurchases, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 27. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock Performance Graphs The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative five-year total stockholder return common stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our common stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from December 31, 2019, December 31, 2024. The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS COMMON STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2019, stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Copyright &#169; 2025 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. 28. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative five-year total stockholder return capital stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our Class capital stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from December 31, 2019, December 31, 2024. The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS CAPITAL STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2019, stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Copyright &#169; 2025 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. ITEM [Reserved] 29. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis our financial condition and results operations together with &#8220;Note about Forward-Looking Statements,&#8221; Part Item "Business," Part Item "Risk Factors," and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. The following section generally discusses 2024 results compared 2023 results. Discussion 2023 results compared 2022 results the extent not included this report can found Item our 2023 Annual Report Form 10-K. Understanding Alphabet&#8217;s Financial Results Alphabet collection businesses &#8212; the largest which Google. report Google two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud; also report all non-Google businesses collectively Other Bets. For further details our segments, see Part Item Business and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Trends Our Business and Financial Effect The following long-term trends have contributed the results our consolidated operations, and anticipate that they will continue affect our future results: &#8226; Users' behaviors and advertising continue shift online the digital economy evolves. The continuing evolution the online world has contributed the growth our business and our revenues since inception. expect that this evolution will continue benefit our business and our revenues, although slower pace than have experienced historically. addition, face increasing competition for user engagement and advertisers, including from other developers and providers products and services, which may affect our revenues. &#8226; Users continue access our products and services using diverse devices and modalities, which allows for new advertising formats that may benefit our revenues but adversely affect our margins. Our users are accessing our products and services via diverse devices and modalities beyond traditional desktop, such smartphones, wearables, connected TVs, and smart home devices, and want able connected matter where they are what they are doing. are focused expanding our products and services stay front these trends order maintain and grow our business. benefit from advertising revenues generated from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats. The margins from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Additionally, the market for particular device type modality matures, our advertising revenues may affected. For example, changing dynamics within the global smartphone market, such increased market saturation developed countries, can affect our mobile advertising revenues. expect TAC paid our distribution partners and Google Network partners increase our revenues grow and TAC percentage our advertising revenues ("TAC rate") affected changes device mix; geographic mix; partner agreement terms; partner mix; the percentage queries channeled through paid access points; product mix; the relative revenue growth rates advertising revenues from different channels; and revenue share terms. expect these trends continue affect our revenues and put pressure our margins. &#8226; online advertising evolves, continue expand our product offerings, which may affect our monetization. interactions between users and advertisers change, and online user behavior evolves, for example with AI, continue expand our product offerings serve these changing needs, which may affect monetization our products and services. expect continue incorporate innovations into our products, such Search, that could affect our monetization trends. When developing new products and services generally focus first user experience and then monetization. &#8226; users developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue increase, and may require continued investments. addition, movements foreign exchange rates affect such revenues. The shift online, well the advent the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside the U.S., including emerging markets, such India. continue invest heavily and develop localized versions our products and advertising programs relevant our users these markets. This has led trend increased 30. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. revenues from emerging markets. expect that our results will continue affected our performance these markets, particularly low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could affect our revenues developing markets initially monetize lower rate than more mature markets. International revenues represent significant portion our revenues and are subject fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates relative the U.S. dollar. While have foreign exchange risk management program designed reduce our exposure these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect our revenues and earnings. &#8226; The revenues that derive beyond advertising are increasing and may adversely affect our margins. Revenues from cloud, consumer subscriptions, platforms, and devices, which may have differing characteristics than our advertising revenues, have grown over time, and expect this trend continue focus expanding our products and services. The margins these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins our advertising revenues. For example, sales our devices adversely affect our consolidated margins due pressures pricing and higher cost sales. &#8226; continue serve our users and expand our businesses, will invest heavily operating and capital expenditures. continue make significant research and development investments areas strategic focus seek develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy across our businesse also expect increase, relative 2024, our nvestment our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, support the growth our business and our long-term initiatives, particular support products and services. addition, acquisitions and strategic investments remain important elements our use capital and contribute the breadth and depth our offerings, expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas, and build strong partnerships around strategic initiatives. &#8226; continue face evolving regulatory environment, and are subject claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Changes social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions laws and policies governing wide range topics and related legal matters, including investigations, lawsuits, and regulatory actions, have resulted fines and caused change our business practices. these global trends continue, our cost doing business may increase, our products and services may become less useful, our ability pursue certain business practices offer certain products services may limited, and may need change our business models and operations comply with evolving regulatory and legal matters. For additional information, see Part Item Risk Factors and Legal Matters Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. &#8226; Our employees are critical our success and expect continue investing them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue hiring talented employees around the globe and provide competitive compensation programs. For additional information, see Culture and Workforce Part Item Business this Annual Report Form 10-K. Revenues and Monetization Metrics generate revenues delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers all sizes with infrastructure, platform services, and applications; sales other products and services, such fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. For additional information how recognize revenue, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. addition the long-term trends and their financial effect our business discussed above, fluctuations our revenues have been and may continue affected combination factors, including: &#8226; changes foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; changes pricing, such those resulting from changes fee structures, discounts, and customer incentives; &#8226; general economic conditions and various external dynamics, including geopolitical events, regulations, and other measures and their effect advertiser, consumer, and enterprise spending; &#8226; new product, service, and market launches; and 31. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; seasonality. Additionally, fluctuations our revenues generated from advertising ("Google advertising"), other sources ("Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices"), Google Cloud, and Other Bets have been, and may continue be, affected other factors unique each set revenues, described below. Google Services Google Services revenues consist Google advertising well Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues. Google Advertising Google advertising revenues are comprised the following: &#8226; Google Search other, which includes revenues generated Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated search distribution partners who use Google.com their default search browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; &#8226; YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated YouTube properties; and &#8226; Google Network, which includes revenues generated Google Network properties participating AdMob, AdSense, and Google Manager. use certain metrics track how well traffic across various properties monetized relates our advertising revenues: paid clicks and cost-per-click pertain traffic Google Search other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impression pertain traffic our Google Network properties. Paid clicks represent engagement users and include clicks advertisements end-users Google search properties and other Google owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click defined click-driven revenues divided our total number paid clicks and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each engagement users. Impressions include impressions displayed users Google Network properties participating primarily AdMob, AdSense, and Google Manager. Cost-per-impression defined impression-based and click-based revenues divided our total number impressions, and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each impression displayed users. our business evolves, periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks and the number impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated the corresponding click and impression activity. Fluctuations our advertising revenues, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google Search other properties and the change impressions and cost-per-impression Google Network properties and the correlation between these items have been, and may continue be, affected factors addition the general factors described above, such as: &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes advertising quality, formats, delivery policy; &#8226; changes device mix; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, such traditional retail seasonality; and &#8226; traffic growth emerging markets compared more mature markets and across various verticals and channels. Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues are comprised the following: &#8226; consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, well Google One; &#8226; platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales apps and in-app purchases; &#8226; devices, which primarily include sales the Pixel family devices; and &#8226; other products and services. 32. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Fluctuations our Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues have been, and may continue be, affected factors addition the general factors described above, such changes customer usage and demand, number subscribers, and the timing product launches. Google Cloud Google Cloud revenues are comprised the following: &#8226; Google Cloud Platform, which generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access solutions such offerings including our infrastructure, Vertex platform, and Gemini for Google Cloud; cybersecurity; and data and analytics; &#8226; Google Workspace, which includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and &#8226; other enterprise services. Fluctuations our Google Cloud revenues have been, and may continue be, affected factors addition the general factors described above, such changes customer usage and demand. Other Bets Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale healthcare-related services, and internet services. Costs and Expenses Our cost structure has two components: cost revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related R&D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain our costs and expenses, including those associated with the operation our technical infrastructure well components our operating expenses, are generally less variable nature and may not correlate changes revenue. Additionally, fluctuations employee compensation expenses may not directly correlate with changes headcount, due factors such annual stock-based compensation (SBC) awards that generally vest over four years. Cost Revenues Cost revenues comprised TAC and other costs revenues. &#8226; TAC includes: &#9702; amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and &#9702; amounts paid Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed their properties. &#8226; Other cost revenues primarily includes: &#9702; content acquisition costs, which are payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution, primarily related YouTube (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated, subscriber counts, flat fee); &#9702; depreciation expense related our technical infrastructure; &#9702; employee compensation expenses related our technical infrastructure and other operations such content review and customer and product support; &#9702; inventory and other costs related the devices sell; and &#9702; other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. TAC percentage revenues generated from ads placed Google Network properties are significantly higher than TAC percentage revenues generated from ads placed Google Search other properties, because most the advertiser revenues from ads served Google Network properties are paid TAC our Google Network partners. Operating Expenses 33. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Operating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course business, which categorize either R&D, sales and marketing, general and administrative. The main components our R&D expenses are: &#8226; depreciation; &#8226; employee compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D related our existing and new products and services; and &#8226; third-party services fees primarily relating consulting and outsourced services support our engineering and product development efforts. The main components our sales and marketing expenses are: &#8226; employee compensation expenses for employees engaged sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and &#8226; spend relating our advertising and promotional activities support our products and services. The main components our general and administrative expenses are: &#8226; employee compensation expenses for employees finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative support functions; &#8226; expenses relating legal and other matters, including certain fines and settlements; and &#8226; third-party services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and other outsourced administrative services. Other Income (Expense), Net OI&E, net primarily consists interest income (expense), the effect foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) and impairment our marketable and non-marketable securities, performance fees, and income (loss) and impairment from our equity method investments. For additional information, including how account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations the value our investments, see Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item well Item Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk this Annual Report Form 10-K. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes represents the estimated amount federal, state, and foreign income taxes incurred the U.S. and the many jurisdictions which operate. The provision includes the effect reserve provisions and changes reserves that are considered appropriate well the related net interest and penalties. For additional information, including reconciliation the U.S. federal statutory rate our effective tax rate, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. 34. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Executive Overview The following table summarizes our consolidated financial results (in millions, except for per share information and percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Change Change Consolidated revenues 307,394 350,018 42,624 Change consolidated constant currency revenues (1) Cost revenues 133,332 146,306 12,974 Operating expenses 89,769 91,322 1,553 Operating income 84,293 112,390 28,097 Operating margin Other income (expense), net 1,424 7,425 6,001 421 Net income 73,795 100,118 26,323 Diluted EPS (2) 5.80 8.04 2.24 (1) See "Use Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information" below for details relating our use constant currency information. (2) For additional information the calculation diluted EPS, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. &#8226; Revenues were $350.0 billion, increase 14% year over year, primarily driven increase Google Services revenues $32.4 billion, 12%, and increase Google Cloud revenues $10.1 billion, 31%. &#8226; Total constant currency revenues, which exclude the effect hedging, increased 15% year over year. &#8226; Cost revenues $146.3 billion, increase 10% year over year, primarily driven increases content acquisition costs, TAC, and depreciation expense. &#8226; Operating expenses were $91.3 billion, increase year over year, primarily driven increases preciation expense, employee compensation expenses, and third-party services fees. These increases were partially offset reductions charges related legal and other matters and charges related our office space optimization efforts. The overall increase employee compensation expenses was partially offset reduction employee severance and related charges. Other Information: &#8226; Dividend payments stockholders Class Class and Class shares, which were first paid June 2024, were $3.5 billion, $519 million, and $3.3 billion, respectively, totaling $7.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. &#8226; Repurchases Class and Class shares were $11.9 billion and $50.2 billion, respectively, totaling $62.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. &#8226; Employee severance and related charges for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $1.0 billion, decrease $1.1 billion compared the year ended December 31, 2023. Office space charges, including accelerated rent and accelerated depreciation, for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $796 million, decrease $1.3 billion compared the year ended December 31, 2023. Substantially all these charges were included Alphabet-level activities. &#8226; Operating cash flow was $125.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. &#8226; Capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments technical infrastructure, were $52.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. &#8226; December 31, 2024, had 183,323 employees. 35. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Financial Results Revenues The following table presents revenues type (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Google Search other 175,033 198,084 YouTube ads 31,510 36,147 Google Network 31,312 30,359 Google advertising 237,855 264,590 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices 34,688 40,340 Google Services total 272,543 304,930 Google Cloud 33,088 43,229 Other Bets 1,527 1,648 Hedging gains (losses) 236 211 Total revenues 307,394 350,018 Google Services Google advertising revenues Google Search other Google Search other revenues increased $23.1 billion from 2023 2024. The overall growth was driven interrelated factors including increases search queries resulting from growth user adoption and usage mobile devices; growth advertiser spending; and improvements have made formats and delivery. YouTube ads YouTube ads revenues increased $4.6 billion from 2023 2024. The growth was driven our brand advertising products followed our direct response advertising products, both which benefited from increased spending our advertisers. Google Network Google Network revenues decreased $953 million from 2023 2024, primarily driven decrease Google Manager and AdMob revenues. Additionally, Google Network revenues were adversely affected changes foreign currency exchange rates. Monetization Metrics The following table presents changes monetization metrics for Google Search other revenues (paid clicks and cost-per-click) and Google Network revenues (impressions and cost-per-impression), expressed percentage, from 2023 2024: Google Search other Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change Google Network Impressions change (11) Cost-per-impression change Changes paid clicks and impressions are driven number interrelated factors, including changes advertiser spending; ongoing product and policy changes; and, relates paid clicks, fluctuations search queries resulting from changes user adoption and usage, primarily mobile devices. Changes cost-per-click and cost-per-impression are driven number interrelated factors including changes device mix, geographic mix, advertiser spending, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and changes foreign currency exchange rates. 36. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues increased $5.7 billion from 2023 2024. The growth was primarily driven increase subscription revenues, largely from growth the number paid subscribers for YouTube services followed Google One. Google Cloud Google Cloud revenues increased $10.1 billion from 2023 2024 primarily driven growth Google Cloud Platform largely from infrastructure services. Revenues Geography The following table presents revenues geography percentage revenues, determined based the addresses our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 United States EMEA APAC Other Americas Hedging gains (losses) For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Use Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information International revenues, which represent significant portion our revenues, are generally transacted multiple currencies and therefore are affected fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates. The effect currency exchange rates our business important factor understanding period-to-period comparisons. use non-GAAP constant currency revenues ("constant currency revenues") and non-GAAP percentage change constant currency revenues ("percentage change constant currency revenues") for financial and operational decision-making and means evaluate period-to-period comparisons. believe the presentation results constant currency basis addition U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve the ability understand our performance, because excludes the effects foreign currency volatility that are not indicative our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods exchange rates had remained constant period over period. define constant currency revenues revenues excluding the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements ("FX Effect") well hedging activities, which are recognized the consolidated level. use constant currency revenues determine the constant currency revenue percentage change year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated translating current period revenues using prior year comparable period exchange rates, well excluding any hedging effects realized the current period. Constant currency revenue percentage change calculated determining the change current period revenues over prior year comparable period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior year comparable period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues both periods. These results should considered addition to, not substitute for, results reported accordance with GAAP. Results constant currency basis, present them, may not comparable similarly titled measures used other companies and are not measure performance presented accordance with GAAP. 37. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents the foreign currency exchange effect international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2024 Change from Prior Period Year Ended December 31, Less Effect Constant Currency Revenues Reported Less Hedging Effect Less Effect Constant Currency Revenues 2023 2024 United States 146,286 170,447 170,447 EMEA 91,038 102,127 102,086 APAC 51,514 56,815 (1,369) 58,184 (3) Other Americas 18,320 20,418 (1,608) 22,026 (9) Revenues, excluding hedging effect 307,158 349,807 (2,936) 352,743 (1) Hedging gains (losses) 236 211 Total revenues (1) 307,394 350,018 352,743 (1) (1) Total constant currency revenues $352.7 billion for 2024 increased $45.6 billion compared $307.2 billion revenues, excluding hedging effect, for 2023. EMEA revenue growth was not materially affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, the effect the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Turkish lira was offset the U.S. dollar weakening relative the British pound and the euro. APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Japanese yen. Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Argentine peso and the Brazilian real. Costs and Expenses Cost Revenues The following table presents cost revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 TAC 50,886 54,900 Other cost revenues 82,446 91,406 Total cost revenues 133,332 146,306 Total cost revenues percentage revenues Cost revenues increased $13.0 billion from 2023 2024 due increase other cost revenues and TAC $9.0 billion and $4.0 billion, res pectively. The increase TAC from 2023 2024 was largely due increase TAC paid distribution partners, primarily driven growth revenues subject TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 21.4% 20.7% from 2023 2024 primarily due revenue mix shift from Google Network properties Google Search other properties. The TAC rate Google Search other revenues increased from 2023 2024 primarily due increases related mobile searches, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The TAC rate Google Network revenues was substantially consistent from 2023 2024. The increase other cost revenues from 2023 2024 was primarily due increases content acquisition costs, largely for YouTube, depreciation expense, and other technical infrastructure operations costs. Research and Development The following table presents R&D expenses (in millions, except percentages): 38. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Research and development expenses 45,427 49,326 Research and development expenses percentage revenues R&D expenses increased $3.9 billion from 2023 2024, primarily driven increases employee compensation expenses $1.5 billion, depreciation expense $1.4 billion, and third-party services fees $698 million, partially offset reduction charges related our office space optimization efforts $640 million. The increase employee compensation expenses was primarily driven $1.3 billion increase SBC expenses, which includes the reduction valuation-based compensation liabilities related certain Other Bets recognized the prior year comparable period, partially offset $537 million decrease severance and related charges. Sales and Marketing The following table presents sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Sales and marketing expenses 27,917 27,808 Sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues Sales and marketing expenses decreased $109 million from 2023 2024, due combination factors, none which were individually significant. General and Administrative The following table presents general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 General and administrative expenses 16,425 14,188 General and administrative expenses percentage revenues General and administrative expenses decreased $2.2 billion from 2023 2024, primarily driven reduction charges related legal and other matters $1.3 billion and decrease employee compensation expenses $285 million, primarily due decrease average headcount, addition combination factors, none which were individually significant. Segment Profitability report our segment results Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets. Additionally, certain costs are not allocated our segments because they represent Alphabet-level activities. For further details our segments, see Part Item Business and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. The following table presents segment operating income (loss) (in millions). Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Operating income (loss): Google Services 95,858 121,263 Google Cloud 1,716 6,112 Other Bets (4,095) (4,444) Alphabet-level activities (1) (9,186) (10,541) Total income from operations 84,293 112,390 (1) addition the costs included Alphabet-level activities, hedging gains (losses) related revenue were $236 million and $211 million 2023 and 2024 respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 Alphabet-level activities included substantially all the charges related employee severance and our office spa charges. 39. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google Services Google Services operating income increased $25.4 billion from 2023 2024. The increase operating income was primarily driven increase revenues, partially offset increases content acquisition costs and TAC. Additionally, reduction employee compensation expenses contributed the increase operating income. Google Cloud Google Cloud operating income increased $4.4 billion from 2023 2024. The increase operating income was primarily driven increase revenues, partially offset increases usage costs for technical infrastructure well employee compensation expenses, largely driven headcount growth. Other Bets Other Bets operating loss increased $349 million from 2023 2024. The increase operating loss was primarily due increase expenses, largely driven employee compensation expenses addition combination factors, none which were individually significant. The increase employee compensation expenses was primarily result the reduction valuation-based compensation liabilities related certain Other Bets recognized the prior year comparable period. Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents OI&E, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Interest income 3,865 4,482 Interest expense (308) (268) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net (1,238) (409) Gain (loss) debt securities, net (1,215) (1,043) Gain (loss) equity securities, net 392 3,714 Performance fees 257 218 Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net (628) (188) Other 299 919 Other income (expense), net 1,424 7,425 OI&E, net increased $6.0 billion from 2023 2024 primarily due increase net gains equity securities and decrease net losses foreign currency exchange. The net gains equity securities were primarily due net unrealized gains non-marketable equity securities driven fair value adjustments related observable transactions, partially offset decrease net unrealized gains marketable equity securities due market-driven changes. Foreign currency exchange net losses decreased compared the prior year primarily due prior year losses unhedged currencies. January 2025, recognized $8.0 billion unrealized gain our non-marketable equity securities related our investment private company. The unrealized gain reflects increase the fair value measurement our investment following observable transaction January 2025. For additional information, see Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except effective tax rate): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Income before provision for income taxes 85,717 119,815 Provision for income taxes 11,922 19,697 Effective tax rate 13.9 16.4 The effective tax rate increased from 2023 2024. This increase was primarily due one-time adjustment for tax rule changes issued the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that affected the 2023 rate related U.S. federal foreign tax credits, well separate rule change with guidance the capitalization and amortization R&D 40. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. expenses. Additionally, decrease the 2024 U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction contributed increase the effective tax rate. These factors were partially offset increase stock-based compensation-related tax benefits 2024. The OECD coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal achieving consensus around substantial changes international tax policies, including the implementation minimum global effective tax rate 15%. Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 2024, and expect others follow, however this did not have material effect our income tax provision for the 2024 fiscal year. Financial Condition Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities December 31, 2024 had $95.7 billion cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. equivalents and marketable securities comprised time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities. Sources, Uses Cash and Related Trends Our principal sources liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, well the cash flow that generate from operations. The primary use capital continues invest for the long-term growth the business. regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form capital return stockholders. The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 Net cash provided operating activities 101,746 125,299 Net cash used investing activities (27,063) (45,536) Net cash used financing activities (72,093) (79,733) Cash Provided Operating Activities Our largest source cash provided operations are advertising revenues generated Google Search other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. Google Services, also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale apps and in-app purchases, and devices. Google Cloud, generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services. Our primary uses cash from operating activities include payments distribution and Google Network partners, employees for compensation, and content providers. Other uses cash from operating activities include payments suppliers for devices, tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures. Net cash provided operating activities increased from 2023 2024 due increase cash received from customers, partially offset increase cash payments for cost revenues and operating expenses. Cash Used Investing Activities Cash provided investing activities consists primarily maturities and sales investments marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used investing activities consists primarily purchases marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions. Net cash used investing activities increased from 2023 2024 primarily due increase purchases property and equipment and purchases marketable securities, partially offset increases maturities and sales marketable securities. The increase purchases property and equipment primarily driven investments technical infrastructure. Cash Used Financing Activities Cash provided financing activities consists primarily proceeds from issuance debt and proceeds from the sale interests consolidated entities. Cash used financing activities consists primarily repurchases stock, net payments related stock-based award activities, payment dividends, and repayments debt. Net cash used financing activities increased from 2023 2024 due dividend payments and net payments related stock-based award activities, partially offset increase proceeds from issuance debt, net repayments. 41. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements expect exist ing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities continue sufficient fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for least the next months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Capital Expenditures and Leases make investments land, buildings, and servers and network equipment through purchases property and equipment and lease arrangements provide capacity for the growth our services and products. Capital Expenditures Our capital investments property and equipment consist primarily the following major categories: &#8226; technical infrastructure, which consists our investments servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, and data center land and building construction; and &#8226; office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred "fit-outs"). Assets not yet service are those that are not ready for our intended use, including assets the process construction assembly, and consists primarily technical infrastructure. The time frame from date purchase placement service these assets may extend from months years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where acquire land and buildings, construct buildings, and secure and install servers and network equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, spent $32.3 billion and $52.5 billion capital expenditures, respectively. expect increase, relative 2024, our nvestment our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, support the growth our business and our long-term initiatives, particular support products and services. Depreciation our property and equipment commences when the deployment such assets are completed and are ready for our intended use. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, our depreciation property and equipment was $11.9 billion and $15.3 billion, respectively. Leases For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, recognized additional operating lease assets $2.9 billion and $2.5 billion, and additional finance lease assets $564 million and $313 million, respectively. December 31, 2024, the amount total future lease payments under operating leases, which had weighted average remaining lease term 7.8 years, was $17.0 billion, which $3.2 billion short-term, and total future lease payments under finance leases, which had weighted average remaining lease term 10.4 years, was $1.9 billion, which $257 million short-term. December 31, 2024, have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments $773 million and $6.5 billion, respectively, that are not yet recorded our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2028 with non-cancelable lease terms one years. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs) were $4.5 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively. Finance lease costs were $504 million and $444 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Financing have short-term debt financing program $10.0 billion through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. December 31, 2024, $2.3 billion short-term commercial paper outstanding. December 31, 2024, had senior unsecured notes outstanding with total carrying value $11.9 billion with short-term and long-term future interest payments $197 million and $3.4 billion, respectively. December 31, 2024, had $10.0 billion revolving credit facilities, $4.0 billion expiring April 2025 and $6.0 billion expiring April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based formula using certain market rates, well our progress toward the achievement certain sustainability goals amounts have been borrowed under the credit facilities. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. 42. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. primarily utilize contract manufacturers for the assembly our servers used our technical infrastructure and devices sell. have agreements where may purchase components directly from suppliers and then supply these components contract manufacturers for use the assembly the servers and devices. Certain these arrangements result portion the cash received from and paid the contract manufacturers presented financing activities the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Share Repurchase Program During 2024, repurchased and subsequently retired 379 million shares for $62.0 billion April 2024, the Board Directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional $70.0 billion its Class and Class shares. December 31, 2024 $44.7 billion remained available for Class and Class share repurchases. The following table presents Class and Class shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 Year Ended December 31, 2024 Shares Amount Shares Amount Class share repurchases 9,316 11,855 Class share repurchases 450 52,868 306 50,192 Total share repurchases (1) 528 62,184 379 62,047 (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Dividend Program During the year ended December 31, 2024 total cash dividends, which were first paid June 2024, were $3.5 billion, $519 million, and $3.3 billion for Class Class and Class shares, respectively. The company intends pay quarterly cash dividends the future, subject review and approval the company&#8217;s Board Directors its sole discretion. European Commission Fines 2017, 2018, and 2019, the European Commission (EC) announced decisions that certain actions taken Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines &#8364;2.4 billion ($2.7 billion June 27, 2017), &#8364;4.3 billion ($5.1 billion June 30, 2018), and &#8364;1.5 billion ($1.7 billion March 20, 2019), respectively. September 2022, the General Court affirmed the decision but reduced the 2018 fine from &#8364;4.3 billion &#8364;4.1 billion. subsequently appealed the General Court's affirmation the decision with the European Court Justice, which remains pending. September 2024, the European Court Justice rejected our appeal the 2017 decision and upheld the &#8364;2.4 billion fine. the third quarter 2024, made cash payment $3.0 billion for the 2017 shopping fine. September 2024, the EU's General Court overturned the 2019 decision and annulled the &#8364;1.5 billion fine. The has appealed the General Court's decision the European Court Justice. included the outstanding fines, including any under appeal, accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional information, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Taxes December 31, 2024 had income taxes payable $2.7 billion related one-time transition tax payable incurred result the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which due 2025. also had long-term taxes payable $8.8 billion primarily related uncertain tax positions December 31, 2024 Purchase Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations December 31, 2024, had material purchase commitments and other contractual obligations $55.4 billion, which $32.5 billion was short-term. These amounts primarily consist purchase orders for certain technical infrastructure well the non-cancelable portion the minimum cancellation fee certain agreements related commitments purchase licenses, including content licenses, inventory, and network capacity. For those agreements 43. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. with variable terms, not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing December 31, 2024. certain instances, the amount our contractual obligations may change based the expected timing order fulfillment from our suppliers. For more information related our content licenses, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. addition, regularly enter into multi-year, non-cancellable agreements purchase renewable energy and energy attributes, such renewable energy certificates. These agreements not include minimum dollar commitment. The amounts paid under these agreements are based the actual volumes generated and are not readily determinable. Critical Accounting Estimates prepare our consolidated financial statements accordance with GAAP. doing so, have make estimates and assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve significant level uncertainty the time the estimate was made, and changes them have had are reasonably likely have material effect our financial condition results operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. base our estimates past experience and other assumptions that believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and evaluate these estimates ongoing basis. have reviewed our critical accounting estimates with the Audit and Compliance Committee our Board Directors. For summary significant accounting policies and the effect our financial statements, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Fair Value Measurements Non-Marketable Equity Securities measure certain financial instruments fair value nonrecurring basis, consisting primarily our non-marketable equity securities. These investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative method ("the measurement alternative") and are measured cost, less impairment, subject upward and downward adjustments resulting from observable price changes for identical similar investments the same issuer. These adjustments require quantitative assessments the fair value our securities, which may require the use unobservable inputs. Adjustments are determined primarily based market approach the transaction date and involve the use estimates using the best information available, which may include cash flow projections other available market data. Non-marketable equity securities are also evaluated for impairment, based qualitative factors including the companies' financial and liquidity position and access capital resources, among others. When indicators impairment exist, prepare quantitative measurements the fair value our equity investments using market approach income approach, which requires judgment and the use unobservable inputs, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data private and public companies, among others. When the quantitative remeasurements fair value indicate impairment exists, write down the investment its current fair value. also have compensation arrangements with payouts based realized returns from certain investments, i.e. performance fees. record compensation expense based the estimated payouts ongoing basis, which may result expense recognized before investment returns are realized and compensation paid and may require the use unobservable inputs. Property and Equipment assess the reasonableness the useful lives our property and equipment periodically well when other changes occur, such when there are changes ongoing business operations, changes the planned use and utilization assets, technological advancements, that could indicate change the period over which expect benefit from the asset. Income Taxes are subject income taxes the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Recording uncertain tax position involves various qualitative considerations, including evaluation comparable and resolved tax exposures, applicability tax laws, and likelihood settlement. evaluate uncertain tax positions periodically, considering changes facts and circumstances, such new regulations recent judicial opinions, well the status audit activities taxing authorities. Although believe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, assurance can given that the final tax outcome these matters will not different. the extent that the final tax outcome these matters different than the amounts recorded, such 44. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which such determination made. The provision for income taxes includes the effect reserve provisions and changes reserves well the related net interest and penalties. addition, are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies are subject claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and consent orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Certain these matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. evaluate, regular basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes our disclosures. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood and the estimated amount loss related such matters. Until the final resolution such matters, there may exposure loss excess the amount recorded, and such amounts could material. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK are exposed financial market risks, including changes foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk transact business globally multiple currencies. International revenues, well costs and expenses denominated foreign currencies, expose the risk fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. discussed below, enter into derivative instruments hedge foreign currency risk. Principal currencies hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, and Japanese yen. For the purpose analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, considered the historical trends foreign currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse changes exchange rates 10% could experienced. use foreign currency forward and option contracts offset the foreign exchange risk monetary assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the functional currency the subsidiary. These forward and option contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses these assets and liabilities are recorded OI&E, which are offset the gains and losses the forward and option contracts. adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied net monetary assets, liabilities, and commitments denominated currencies other than the functional currencies the balance sheet date, would have resulted adverse effect income before income taxes approxima tely $503 million and $135 million December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, after consideration the effect foreign exchange contracts place for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. use foreign currency forward and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options) protect forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency forward and option contacts reduce the foreign currency losses related our earnings. When the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency forward and option contracts offset the foreign currency gains related our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements. designate these contracts cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. reflect the gains and losses foreign currency spot rate changes component accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassify them into revenues offset the hedged exposures they occur. the U.S. dollar weakened 10% December 31, 2023 and 2024, the amount recorded AOCI related our cash flow hedges before tax effect would have been approximately $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion lower 45. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The change the value recorded AOCI would expected offset corresponding foreign currency change forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. use foreign exchange forward contracts designated net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related investment foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations. the U.S. dollar weakened 10%, the amount recorded cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related our net investment hedges before tax effect would have been approximately $946 million and $660 million lower December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The change value recorded CTA would expected offset corresponding foreign currency translation gain loss from our investment foreign subsidiaries. Interest Rate Risk Our Corporate Treasury investment strategy achieve return that ill allow preserve capital and maintain liquidity. invest primarily debt securities, including government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, money market and other funds, time deposits, and interest rate derivatives. policy, limit the amount credit exposure any one issuer. Our investments both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry degree interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due rise interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted interest rates fall. Unrealized gains and losses our marketable debt securities are primarily due interest rate fluctuations compared interest rates the time purchase. For certain fixed and variable rate debt securities, have elected the fair value option for which changes fair value are recorded OI&E. measure securities for which have not elected the fair value option fair value with gains and losses recorded AOCI until the securities are sold, less any expected credit losses. use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis determine the potential effect fluctuations interest rates the value our investment portfolio. The VaR the expected loss fair value, for given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due adverse movements interest rates. use variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss fair value our investment portfolio December 31, 2023 and 2024 are shown below (in millions): December 31, 12-Month Average December 31, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Risk category interest rate 296 208 271 230 Actual future gains and losses associated with our investment portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed December 31, 2023 and 2024 due the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount changes interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis not intended represent actual losses but used risk estimation. Equity Investment Risk Our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject wide variety market-related risks that could substantially reduce increase the fair value our holdings. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments privately held companies, some which are the startup development stages. record marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method fair value based readily determinable market values, which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject market price volatility, and represent $6.0 billion and $5.1 billion our investments December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. hypothetical adverse price change 10% our December 31, 2024 balance would decrease the fair value marketable equity securities $508 million. From time time, may enter into derivatives hedge the market price risk certain our marketable equity securities. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily adjusted fair value for observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer impairment (referred the measurement alternative). The fair value measured the time the observable transaction not necessarily indication the current fair value the balance sheet date. These investments, especially those that are the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies products these companies have under development are typically the early phases and may never materialize, and they may experience decline financial condition, which could result loss substantial part our investment these companies. Valuations our equity investments private companies are inherently more complex due the lack readily available market data and 46. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. observable transactions lower valuations could result significant losses. addition, global economic conditions could result additional volatility. The success our investment any private company also typically dependent the likelihood our ability realize appreciation the value investments through liquidity events such public offerings, acquisitions, private sales other market events. Changes the valuation non-marketable equity securities may not directly correlate with changes valuation marketable equity securities. December 31, 2023 and 2024, the carrying value our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $28.8 billion and $35.5 billion, respectively. The carrying values our equity method investments, which totaled approximately $1.7 billion and $2.0 billion December 31, 2023 and 2024 respectively, generally not fluctuate based market price changes. However, these investments could impaired the carrying value exceeds the fair value and not expected recover. For additional information about our equity investments, see Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. 47. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. INDEX CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements 48. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion the Financial Statements have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. (the Company) December 31, 2023 and 2024, the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed the Index Item (collectively referred the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, all material respects, the financial position the Company December 31, 2023 and 2024, and the results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2024 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2024, based criteria established Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 2025 expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility the Company's management. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s financial statements based our audits. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement, whether due error fraud. Our audits included performing procedures assess the risks material misstatement the financial statements, whether due error fraud, and performing procedures that respond those risks. Such procedures included examining, test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall presentation the financial statements. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below matter arising from the current period audit the financial statements that was communicated required communicated the audit committee and that: (1) relates accounts disclosures that are material the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective complex judgments. The communication the critical audit matter does not alter any way our opinion the consolidated financial statements, taken whole, and are not, communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion the critical audit matter the account disclosure which relates. 49. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Loss Contingencies Description the Matter The Company subject claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated its users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using their platforms, personal injury, and other matters. described Note the consolidated financial statements &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies&#8221; such claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and orders could result adverse consequences. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood and the estimated amount loss related such matters. Auditing management&#8217;s accounting for and disclosure loss contingencies from these matters involved challenging and subjective auditor judgment assessing the Company&#8217;s evaluation the probability loss, and the estimated amount range loss. How Addressed the Matter Our Audit tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management&#8217;s accounting for and disclosure these matters. This included controls over management&#8217;s assessment the probability incurrence loss and whether the loss range loss was reasonably estimable and the development related disclosures. Our audit procedures included gaining understanding previous rulings and the status ongoing lawsuits, reviewing letters from internal and external legal counsel addressing the matters, meeting with internal legal counsel discuss the allegations, and obtaining representation letter from management these matters. also evaluated the Company&#8217;s disclosures relation these matters. /s/ Ernst Young LLP have served the Company's auditor since 1999. San Jose, California February 2025 50. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion Internal Control Over Financial Reporting have audited Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2024, based criteria established Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2024, based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial statements the Company and our report dated February 2025 expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations Internal Control Over Financial Reporting company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. /s/ February 2025 51. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions, except par value per share amounts) December 31, 2023 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Total current assets Non-marketable securities Deferred income taxes Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued revenue share Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Income taxes payable, non-current Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders&#8217; equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class Class and Class stock and additional paid-in capital, par value per share: shares authorized (Class Class Class (Class Class Class and (Class Class Class shares issued and outstanding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total stockholders&#8217; equity Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity See accompanying notes. 52. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (in millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2023 2024 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost revenues Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic net income per share (Note 12) Diluted net income per share (Note 12) See accompanying notes. 53. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2023 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment, net income tax benefit (expense) $(), and $() Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income Net change, net income tax benefit (expense) $(), and $() Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains (losses) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income Net change, net income tax benefit (expense) and $() Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes. 54. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (in millions) Class Class Class Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2021 Stock issued Stock-based compensation Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other Repurchases stock Sale interest consolidated entities Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2022 Stock issued Stock-based compensation Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other Repurchases stock Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2023 Stock issued Stock-based compensation Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other Repurchases stock Dividends and dividend equivalents declared per share) Sale interest consolidated entities Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2024 See accompanying notes. 55. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2023 2024 Operating activities Net income Adjustments: Depreciation property and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Loss (gain) debt and equity securities, net Other Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net Income taxes, net Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued revenue share Deferred revenue Net cash provided operating activities Investing activities Purchases property and equipment Purchases marketable securities Maturities and sales marketable securities Purchases non-marketable securities Maturities and sales non-marketable securities Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangible assets Other investing activities Net cash used investing activities Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities Repurchases stock Dividend payments Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs Repayments debt Proceeds from sale interest consolidated entities, net Net cash used financing activities Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents beginning period Cash and cash equivalents end period See accompanying notes. 56. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. NOTES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 57. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. 58. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. For the years ended December 31, 2022 2023, and 2024, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 59. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. 60. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Derivative Financial Instruments See Note for the accounting policy pertaining derivative financial instruments. 61. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. years. depreciate servers and network equipment generally over period depreciate corporate and other assets over periods two years. depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter the remaining lease term the estimated useful lives the assets. Land not depreciated. material for the periods presented. 62. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07 &#8220;Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements Reportable Segment Disclosures&#8221; which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. adopted this ASU for our 2024 annual period with the comparative periods updated reflect additional disclosures. See Note for further details. 63. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note YouTube ads Google Network Google advertising Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices Google Services total Google Cloud Other Bets Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues dividual customer groups affiliated customers represented more than 10% our revenues 2022, 2023, 2024. EMEA (1) APAC (1) Other Americas (1) Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues (1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas"). billion remaining performance obligations (&#8220;revenue backlog&#8221;), primarily related Google Cloud. Revenue backlog represents commitments customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized revenue. expect recognize approximately half the revenue backlog revenues over the next months with the remainder recognized thereafter. The estimated revenue backlog and timing revenue recognition for these commitments largely driven our ability deliver accordance with relevant contract terms and when our customers utilize services. Revenue backlog includes related deferred revenue currently recorded well amounts that will invoiced future periods, and excludes contracts with original expected term one year less and cancellable contracts. Deferred Revenues Total deferred revenue December 31, 2023 was billion, which billion was recognized revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. Total deferred revenue December 31, 2024 was billion. Note 64. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Government bonds Level Corporate debt securities Level Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level Total investments with fair value change reflected other comprehensive income (1) Fair value adjustments recorded net income Money market funds Level Current marketable equity securities (2) Level Mutual funds Level Government bonds Level Corporate debt securities Level Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level Total investments with fair value change recorded net income Cash Total (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded AOCI. (2) The long-term portion marketable equity securities (subject long-term lock-up restrictions) billion December 31, 2023 included within other non-current assets. 65. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Government bonds Level Corporate debt securities Level Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level Total investments with fair value change reflected other comprehensive income (1) Fair value adjustments recorded net income Money market funds Level Current marketable equity securities (2) Level Mutual funds Level Government bonds Level Corporate debt securities Level Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level Total investments with fair value change recorded net income Cash Total (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded AOCI. (2) The long-term portion marketable equity securities (subject long-term lock-up restrictions) million December 31, 2024 included within other non-current assets. Investments Measured Fair Value Nonrecurring Basis Our non-marketable equity securities are investments privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carrying value our non-marketable equity securities adjusted fair value upon observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer impairment. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period based observable transactions are classified within Level Level the fair value hierarchy. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured due impairment are classified within Level Our valuation methods include option pricing models, market comparable approach, and common stock equivalent method, which may include combination the observable transaction price the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, expected time exit, risk free rate, and the rights and obligations the securities hold. These inputs vary significantly based investment type. December 31, 2024, the carrying value our non-marketable equity securities was billion, which billion were remeasured fair value during the year ended December 31, 2024, and were primarily classified within Level the fair value hierarchy the time measurement. 66. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Due year through years Due years through years Due after years Total Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total December 31, 2024 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Government bonds Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total determine realized gains losses the sale extinguishment debt securities specific identification method. Gross realized gain debt securities Gross realized loss debt securities (Increase) decrease allowance for credit losses Total gain (loss) debt securities recognized other income (expense), net Certain our non-marketable equity securities include our investments VIE where are not the primary beneficiary. See Note for further details VIE. 67. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Cumulative net gain (loss) (1) Carrying value billion and billion gains and billion and billion losses (including impairments) December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Gains and Losses Marketable and Non-marketable Equity Securities Unrealized net gain (loss) marketable equity securities Unrealized net gain (loss) non-marketable equity securities (1) Total gain (loss) equity securities other income (expense), net (1) Unrealized gain (loss) non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative comprised billion, billion, and billion upward adjustments and billion, billion, and billion downward adjustments (including impairments) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. the table above, realized net gain (loss) equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value the equity securities the beginning the period the purchase date, later. Total initial cost Cumulative net gains (losses) Equity Securities Accounted for Under the Equity Method billion and billion, respectively. Our share gains and losses, including impairments, are included component OI&E, the Consolidated Statements Income. See Note for further details OI&E. Certain our equity method securities include our investments VIEs where are not the primary beneficiary. See Note for further details VIEs. million and billion, respectively, the majority which are convertible notes held for investment. 68. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. months less. Cash flow hedge amounts included the assessment hedge effectiveness are deferred AOCI and subsequently reclassified revenue when the hedged item recognized earnings. exclude forward points and time value from our assessment hedge effectiveness and amortize them straight-line basis over the life the hedging instrument revenues. The difference between fair value changes the excluded component and the amount amortized revenues recorded AOCI. December 31, 2024 the net accumulated gain our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was million, which expected reclassified from AOCI into revenues within the next months. Fair Value Hedges designate foreign currency forward contracts fair value hedges hedge foreign currency risks for our marketable securities denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included the assessment hedge effectiveness are recognized OI&E, along with the offsetting gains and losses the related hedged items. exclude forward points from the assessment hedge effectiveness and recognize changes the excluded component OI&E. Net Investment Hedges designate foreign currency forward contracts net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related our investment foreign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included the assessment hedge effectiveness are recognized AOCI along with the foreign currency translation adjustment. exclude forward points from the assessment hedge effectiveness and recognize changes the excluded component OI&E. Other Derivatives enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts that are not designated hedging instruments hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets liabilities denominated currencies other than the functional currency subsidiary. Gains and losses these derivatives that are not designated accounting hedges are primarily recorded OI&E along with the foreign currency gains and losses monetary assets and liabilities. also use derivatives not designated hedging instruments manage risks relating interest rates, commodity prices, and credit exposures, and enhance investment returns. From time time, enter into derivatives hedge the market price risk certain our marketable equity securities. Gains and losses arising from other derivatives are primarily reflected within the &#8220;other&#8221; component OI&E. See Note for further details. 69. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Fair value hedges Net investment hedges Derivatives not designated hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other contracts Derivatives not designated hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other contracts Total derivatives not designated hedging instruments Total (1) Derivative assets are recorded other current and non-current assets the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (2) Derivative liabilities are recorded accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Derivatives net investment hedging relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount included the assessment effectiveness Total 70. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Effect cash flow hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount reclassified from AOCI income Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness (amortized) Effect fair value hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Hedged items Derivatives designated hedging instruments Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Effect net investment hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Effect non designated hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Other contracts Total gains (losses) 71. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Derivatives liabilities December 31, 2024 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amounts Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments (1) Cash and Non-Cash Collateral Received Pledged Net Amounts Derivatives assets Derivatives liabilities (1) The balances December 31, 2023 and 2024 were related derivatives allowed net settled accordance with our master netting agreements. Note Finance lease cost: Amortization lease assets Interest lease liabilities Finance lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 72. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases: Property and equipment, cost Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net Accrued expenses and other liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Operating cash flows used for finance leases Financing cash flows used for finance leases (1) Assets obtained exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases (1) Financing cash flows used for financing leases are included within financing activities the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows repayments debt. 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest Total lease liability balance December 31, 2024 have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with short-term and long-term future lease payments million and billion, respectively, that are not yet recorded our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2028 with non-cancelable lease terms between one and years. Note 73. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available us, and their creditors not have recourse us. December 31, 2023 and 2024, assets that can only used settle obligations these VIEs were billion and billion, respectively and are primarily included cash and cash equivalents our Consolidated Balance Sheets. December 31, 2023 and 2024, liabilities for which creditors only have recourse the VIEs were billion and billion, respectively. may continue fund ongoing operations certain VIEs that are included within Other Bets. Waymo, fully autonomous driving technology company and consolidated VIE, received billion funding during the year ended December 31, 2024, the majority which was funded Alphabet. Investments from external parties were accounted for equity transactions and resulted recognition noncontrolling interests. December 31, 2023 and 2024, total noncontrolling interests (NCI) our consolidated subsidiaries were billion and billion, respectively, which billion was redeemable noncontrolling interests (RNCI) for both periods. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and included within the "other" component OI&E. See Note for further details OI&E. Unconsolidated VIEs have investments VIEs which are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarily early stage companies and certain renewable energy entities which activities involve power generation using renewable sources. billion and billion, respectively. Note billion through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had ommercial paper outstanding December 31, 2023 and billion commercial paper outstanding with weighted-average effective interest rate December 31, 2024 .The estimated fair value the commercial paper approximated its carrying value December 31, 2024 Our short-term debt balance also includes the current portion certain long-term debt. Long-Term Debt 2016 Notes issuance 2026 2020 Notes issuance 2025 2060 Total face value long-term debt Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Less: Current portion long-term notes (1) Total long-term debt 74. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The notes the table above are fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with each other. may redeem the notes any time whole part specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based proceeds received with interest payable semi-annually. The total estimated fair value the outstanding notes was approximately billion and billion December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based observable market prices identical instruments less active markets and categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Credit Facility December 31, 2024, had billion revolving credit facilities, which billion expires April 2025 and billion expires April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based formula using certain market rates, well our progress toward the achievement certain sustainability goa ls. amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities December 31, 2023 and 2024. Note million and million December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Property and Equipment, Net Office space Corporate and other assets Property and equipment, service Less: accumulated depreciation Add: assets not yet service Property and equipment, net Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 75. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Accrued purchases property and equipment (2) Accrued customer liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable, net Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (1) The amounts related the fines, including any under appeal, are included accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts include the effects foreign exchange and interest. the third quarter 2024 made cash payment billion for the 2017 shopping fine. See Note for further details. (2) Additional property and equipment purchases billion and billion December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, were included accounts payable. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2022 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2023 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2024 76. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Benefit (provision) for income taxes Net income tax Unrealized gains (losses) cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Benefit (provision) for income taxes Net income tax Total amount reclassified, net income tax Other Income (Expense), Net Interest expense (1) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net Gain (loss) debt securities, net Gain (loss) equity securities, net Performance fees Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net Other Other income (expense), net (1) Interest expense net interest capitalized million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. Note billion goodwill and million intangible assets resulting from transaction with character.ai (&#8220;Character&#8221;). August 2024, entered into license agreement with Character pursuant which obtained non-exclusive license its then current large language model technology. paid Character billion cash and canceled our convertible instruments. also hired certain employees Character. Goodwill was recorded Google Services and Google Cloud and deductible for tax purposes. Note 77. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Additions Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2023 Additions Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2024 Note 10. billion December 31, 2024, which the majority paid quarterly through the first quarter 2030. Indemnifications the normal course business, including facilitate transactions our services and products and corporate activities, indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network partners, distribution partners, customers Google Cloud offerings, lessors, and service providers with respect certain matters. have agreed defend and/or hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from breach representations covenants, out intellectual property infringement other claims made against certain parties. Several these agreements limit the time within which indemnification claim can made and the amount the claim. addition, have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations our agents. not possible make reasonable estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due the unique facts and circumstances involved each particular agreement. Additionally, the payments have made under such agreements have not had material adverse effect our results operations, cash flows, financial position. However, the extent that valid indemnification claims arise the future, future payments could significant and could have material adverse effect our results operations cash flows particular period. December 31, 2024, did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable reasonably possible. Legal Matters record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred, and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. evaluate developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments appropriate. Certain outstanding matters seek speculative, substantial indeterminate monetary amounts, substantial changes our business practices and products, structural remedies. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood there being loss and the estimated amount loss related such matters, and may unable estimate the reasonably possible loss range losses. The outcomes outstanding legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject significant uncertainties, and could, either individually aggregate, have material adverse effect. expense legal fees the period which they are incurred. Antitrust Matters are subject formal and informal inquiries and investigations well litigation various competition matters regulatory authorities and private parties the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions globally, including the following: &#8226; Shopping: June 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google relating its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European antitrust laws and imposed &#8364; billion fine. appealed the decision and implemented product changes bring shopping ads into 78. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. billion fine. the third quarter 2024, made cash payment billion for the fine. &#8226; Android: July 2018, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google&#8217;s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European antitrust laws, imposed &#8364; billion fine, and directed the termination the conduct issue. appealed the decision and implemented changes certain our Android distribution practices. September 2022, the General Court affirmed the decision but reduced the fine from &#8364; billion &#8364; billion. subsequently appealed the General Court's affirmation the decision with the European Court Justice, which remains pending. 2018, recognized charge billion for the fine, which reduced million 2022. &#8226; AdSense for Search: March 2019, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google's agreements with AdSense for Search partners infringed European antitrust laws, imposed fine &#8364; billion, and directed actions related AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which implemented prior the decision. 2019, recognized charge billion for the fine and appealed the decision. September 2024, the General Court overturned the decision and annulled the &#8364; billion fine. The has appealed the General Court's decision with the European Court Justice. &#8226; Search: October 2020, the DOJ and number state Attorneys General filed lawsuit the U.S. District Court for the District Columbia alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating Search and Search advertising. August 2024, the U.S. District Court for the District Columbia ruled that Google violated such U.S. antitrust laws. separate proceeding being held determine remedies, the range which vary widely. The DOJ has proposed high level remedy framework, which includes alterations our products and services and our business models and operations, including structural remedies, and/or our distribution arrangements, among other changes, some which could have material adverse effect our business. have filed our own remedies proposal ahead hearing remedies April 2025. expect decision likely the second half 2025, after which intend appeal. Further, June 2022, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and October 2023, the Japanese Fair Trade Commission each opened investigation into Search distribution practices. Given the nature these matters, cannot estimate possible loss. &#8226; Advertising Technology: December 2020, number state Attorneys General filed lawsuit the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District Texas alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws well state deceptive trade laws relating its advertising technology, and trial scheduled for March 2025. Additionally, January 2023, the DOJ, along with number state Attorneys General, filed lawsuit the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District Virginia alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating its advertising technology, and number additional state Attorneys General subsequently joined the lawsuit. The trial ended September 2024, and expect decision early 2025. Further, June 2023, the issued Statement Objections informing Google its preliminary view that Google violated European antitrust laws relating its advertising technology, which responded. Given the nature these matters, cannot estimate possible loss. &#8226; Google Play: July 2021, number state Attorneys General filed lawsuit the U.S. District Court for the Northern District California alleging that Google&#8217;s operation Android and Google Play violated U.S. antitrust laws and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. September 2023, reached settlement principle with state Attorneys General and three territories and recognized charge. Final approval the settlement remains pending before the court. May 2024, funded the settlement amount escrow agent. December 2023, California jury delivered verdict Epic Games Google finding that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws related Google Play's business. Epic did not seek monetary damages. The presiding judge issued remedies decision October 2024, ordering variety alterations our business models and operations and contractual agreements for Android and Google Play. are appealing the verdict and the trial court judge temporarily paused the implementation the remedies while the Court Appeals considers our request pause implementation the remedies pending the duration the appeal. Given the nature this matter, cannot estimate possible loss. 79. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. investigations regarding Google's compliance with certain provisions EU's Digital Markets Act relating Google Play and Search. Given the preliminary stages this matter, cannot estimate possible loss. addition these proceedings, private individual and collective actions that overlap with claims pursued regulatory authorities are pending the U.S. and several other jurisdictions. believe have strong arguments against these open claims and will defend ourselves vigorously. continue cooperate with federal and state regulators the U.S., the EC, and other regulators around the world. Privacy Matters are subject number privacy-related laws and regulations, and currently are party number privacy investigations and lawsuits ongoing multiple jurisdictions. For example, there are ongoing investigations and litigation the U.S. and the EU, including those relating our collection and use location information, alleged violations state biometric statutes, the choices offer users, and advertising practices, which could result significant fines, judgments, and product changes. Patent and Intellectual Property Claims have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services. result, may have change our business practices and develop non-infringing products technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become important forum litigate intellectual property disputes because ultimate loss ITC action can result prohibition importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. important market, prohibition importation could have adverse effect us, including preventing from importing many important products into the U.S. necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features our products. Further, our customers and partners may discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely affect our business. Other are subject claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and consent orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. For example, periodically have data incidents that report relevant regulators required law. Such claims, consent orders, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes our products and services, alterations our business models and operations, and collateral related civil litigation other adverse consequences, all which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. have ongoing legal matters relating Russia. For example, some matters concern civil judgments that include compounding penalties imposed upon connection with disputes regarding the termination accounts, including those sanctioned parties. not expect these ongoing legal matters will have material adverse effect. Non-Income Taxes are under audit various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards non-income tax matters. The subject matter non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes the tax treatment and tax rate applied the sale our products and services these jurisdictions and the tax treatment certain employee benefits. accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when loss probable and reasonably estimable. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due the inherent complexity and uncertainty these matters and judicial process certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may materially different from our expectations. See Note for information regarding income tax contingencies. 80. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note 11. classes stock, Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock. The rights the holders each class our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Each share Class common stock entitled vote per share. Each share Class common stock entitled votes per share. Class capital stock has voting rights, except required applicable law. Shares Class common stock may converted any time the option the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale transfer Class common stock. Share Repurchases the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 continued repurchase both Class and Class shares manner deemed the best interest the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions, including the relative trading prices and volumes the Class and Class shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, repurchased billion, billion, and billion, respectively, Alphabet's Class and Class shares. April 2024, the Board Directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional billion its Class and Class shares. December 31, 2024, billion remained available for Class and Class share repurchases. Class share repurchases Total share repurchases (1) (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases. Repurchases are executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Dividends During the year ended December 31, 2024, total cash dividends, which were first paid June 2024, were billion, million, and billion for Class Class and Class shares, respectively. The company intends pay quarterly cash dividends the future, subject review and approval the company&#8217;s Board Directors its sole discretion. Note 12. 81. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Allocation undistributed earnings Net income Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation total earnings for basic computation Reallocation total earnings result conversion Class Class shares (1) Reallocation undistributed earnings (1) Net income Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class shares outstanding (1) Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 82. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Allocation undistributed earnings Net income Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation total earnings for basic computation Reallocation total earnings result conversion Class Class shares (1) Reallocation undistributed earnings (1) Net income Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class shares outstanding (1) Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Class Class Class Consolidated Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation distributed earnings (cash dividends paid) Allocation undistributed earnings Net income Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation total earnings for basic computation Reallocation total earnings result conversion Class Class shares (1) Reallocation undistributed earnings (1) Net income Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class shares outstanding (1) Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 83. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note 13. contingent upon employment the vesting date. RSUs are awarded dividend equivalents, which are subject the same vesting conditions the underlying award, and settled Class shares. December 31, 2024, there were million shares Class stock reserved for future issuance under the Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan. Stock-Based Compensation For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, total SBC expense was billion, billion, and billion, including amounts associated with awards expect settle Alphabet stock billion, billion, and billion, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, recognized tax benefits total SBC expense, which are reflected the provision for income taxes the Consolidated Statements Income, billion, billion, and billion, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, tax benefit realized related awards vested exercised during the period was billion, billion, and billion, respectively. These amounts not include the indirect effects stock-based awards, which primarily relate the R&D tax credit. Stock-Based Award Activities Granted Vested Forfeited/canceled Unvested December 31, 2024 The weighted-average grant-date fair value RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 was and respectively. Total fair value RSUs, their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, were billion, billion, and billion, respectively. billion unrecognized compensation cost related unvested RSUs. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period years. Note 14. Foreign operations Total 84. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Foreign Total Deferred: Federal and state Foreign Total Provision for income taxes Foreign income taxed different rates Foreign-derived intangible income deduction Stock-based compensation expense Federal research credit Deferred tax asset valuation allowance State and local income taxes Effect tax law change Other Effective tax rate 2023, the IRS issued rule change allowing taxpayers temporarily apply the regulations effect prior 2022 related U.S. federal foreign tax credits well separate rule change with guidance the capitalization and amortization R&D expenses. cumulative one-time adjustment for these tax rule changes was recorded 2023. 85. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Accruals and reserves not currently deductible Tax credits Net operating losses Operating leases Capitalized research and development Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets net valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment, net Net investment gains Operating leases Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) December 31, 2024, our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately billion, billion, and billion respectively. not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2025, foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2025 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2033. more likely than not that the majority the net operating loss carryforwards will not realized. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject various annual limitations under the tax laws the different jurisdictions. December 31, 2024 our Federal and California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million and billion, respectively. not utilized, the Federal R&D credit will begin expire 2037 and the California R&D credit can carried over indefinitely. believe the majority the federal tax credit and state tax credit not likely realized. December 31, 2024 our investment tax credit carryforwards for state income tax purposes were approximately billion and will begin expire 2030. use the flow-through method accounting for investment tax credits. believe this tax credit not likely realized. December 31, 2024, maintained valuation allowance with respect California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operating losses, certain state net operating losses and tax credits, net deferred tax assets relating Other Bet companies, and certain foreign net operating losses that believe are not likely realized. continue reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly, and future evidence allows for partial full release the valuation allowance, tax benefit will recorded accordingly. Cash paid for income taxes, net refunds, was billion, billion, and billion December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. 86. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Increases related prior year tax positions Decreases related prior year tax positions Decreases related settlement with tax authorities Increases related current year tax positions Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits are subject income taxes the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. The total amount gross unrecognized tax benefits was billion, billion, and billion December 31, 2022 2023, and 2024, respectively, which billion, billion, and billion, recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. December 31, 2023 and 2024, accrued million and billion interest and penalties provision for income taxes, respectively. file income tax returns the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions. Our major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS currently examining our 2016 through 2021 tax returns. have also received tax assessments multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. continue defend such claims presented. The tax years 2016 through 2023 remain subject examination the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits various other jurisdictions that are not material our financial statements. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations various taxing jurisdictions. Note 15. 87. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google Cloud Other Bets Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues Operating income (loss): Google Services Google Cloud Other Bets Alphabet-level activities Total income from operations Supplemental information about our segment expenses: Google Services: Employee compensation expenses Other costs and expenses Total Google Services costs and expenses Google Cloud: Employee compensation expenses Other costs and expenses Total Google Cloud costs and expenses Google Services and Google Cloud employee compensation expenses include the costs associated with direct and allocated employees. Google Services and Google Cloud other costs and expenses primarily include direct costs, such advertising and promotional activities and third party services fees well allocated costs, such technical infrastructure and office facilities usage costs. Additionally, Google Services other costs and expenses include content and traffic acquisition costs and device costs. See Note for information relating revenues geography. 88. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. International Total long-lived assets Note 16. billion unrealized gain our non-marketable equity securities related our investment private company. The unrealized gain reflects increase the fair value measurement our investment following observable transaction January 2025. See Note and Note for further details equity investments and OI&E. 89. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2024 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been changes our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2024. Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit and Compliance Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2024 has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, each the following Section director and officer modified, &#8220;Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement&#8221; (as defined Item 408 Regulation S-K the Exchange Act): Alphabet, through the John Hennessy Andrea Hennessy Revocable Trust trading plan (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for March 13, 2025). The trading plan will effective until sell shares Class Capital Stock and shares Class Common Stock. together with the Pichai Family Foundation, trading plan (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for April 2025). The trading plan will effective until sell aggregate shares Class Capital Stock. There were "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (as defined Item 408 Regulation S-K the Exchange Act) adopted, modified, terminated during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 our directors and Section officers. Each the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements are accordance with our Policy Against Insider 90. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Trading and actual sale transactions made pursuant such trading arrangements will disclosed publicly Section filings with the SEC accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations. Compensatory Arrangements Certain Officers April 16, 2024, the Leadership Development, Inclusion and Compensation Committee the Board Directors Alphabet approved the accrual dividend equivalent units current and future holders all unvested stock units connection with any regular cash dividend that may declared the Board Directors Alphabet from time time. stock units are not outs tanding shares stock and thus would not otherwise entitled participate any dividends, the crediting dividend equivalent units intended preserve the equity-based incentives intended the company when the stock units were granted and treat the holders unvested stock units consistently with all stockholders. Required Disclosure Pursuant Section 13(r) the Exchange Act previously disclosed, Google LLC, subsidiary Alphabet, filed notifications with the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) pursuant Russian encryption control requirements, which must complied with prior the import covered items. The information provided pursuant Section 13(r) the Exchange Act Part II, Item our Quarterly Report Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 incorporated herein reference. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 91. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8221; our Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting Stockholders filed with the SEC within 120 days the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (2025 Proxy Statement) and incorporated herein reference. The information required this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K will included under the caption &#8220;Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports&#8221; the 2025 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. have and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions securities Alphabet directors, officers, and employees that believe are reasonably designed promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Our insider trading policy states, among other things, that our directors, officers, and employees are prohibited from trading such securities while possession material, nonpublic information. The foregoing summary our insider trading policies and procedures does not purport complete and qualified reference our Policy Against Insider Trading filed exhibit this Annual Report Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Director Compensation,&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; the 2025 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference, except information disclosed therein pursuant Item 402(v) Regulation S-K relating pay versus performance. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Common Stock Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#8221; and &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; the 2025 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Director Independence&#8221; the 2025 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; the 2025 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. 92. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES have filed the following documents part this Annual Report Form 10-K: Consolidated Financial Statements Reports Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statement Schedules Year ended December 31, 2023 Year ended December 31, 2024 Note: Additions the allowance for credit losses are charged expense. Additions the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, the required information otherwise included. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 2.01 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated October 2015, and among Google Inc., the Registrant and Maple Technologies Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 2022 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws the Registrant, dated October 19, 2022 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 25, 2022 4.01 Specimen Class Common Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.02 Specimen Class Capital Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.03 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.04 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Larry Page and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.05 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.06 Joinder Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, among the Registrant, Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2022 93. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 4.07 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Eric Schmidt and certain its affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.08 Class Undertaking, dated October 2015, executed the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.09 Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., Trustee Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209510) February 12, 2016 4.10 Registrant Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2015 Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209518) February 12, 2016 4.11 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 27, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) April 27, 2016 4.12 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 1.998% Note due 2026 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2016 4.13 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 0.450% notes due 2025 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.14 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 0.800% notes due 2027 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.15 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 1.100% notes due 2030 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.16 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 1.900% notes due 2040 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.17 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 2.050% notes due 2050 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.18 Form Global Note representing the Registrant&#8217;s 2.250% notes due 2060 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2020 4.19 Description Registrant&#8217;s Securities Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2023 10.01 Form Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant, its affiliates and its directors and officers Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.02 Form Offer Letter for Directors Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) January 31, 2024 10.03 Letter Agreement dated June 2024, between Anat Ashkenazi and Alphabet Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-36380) June 2024 10.04 Compensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.05 Director Arrangements Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.06 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.07 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 2020 10.07.1 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2020 10.08 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (file No. 001-37580) June 2023 10.08.1 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (file No. 001-37580) July 28, 2021 94. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 10.08.2 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) July 26, 2023 10.08.3 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan &#8211; Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) April 26, 2024 10.08.4 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Form Alphabet 2022 CEO Performance Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2023 10.08.5 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan &#8211; Form Alphabet CEO Performance Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) April 26, 2024 10.08.6 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Form Alphabet 2022 Non-CEO Performance Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2022 10.08.7 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan Form Alphabet 2023 Non-CEO Performance Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) July 26, 2023 10.08.8 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Plan &#8211; Form Alphabet Non-CEO Performance Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) April 26, 2024 10.09 Alphabet Inc. Company Bonus Plan, amended Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37350) February 2023 19.01 Alphabet Inc. Policy Against Insider Trading 21.01 Subsidiaries the Registrant 23.01 Consent Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.01 Power Attorney (incorporated reference the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K) 31.01 Certification Chief Executive Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.02 Certification Chief Financial Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.01 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 97.01 Clawback Policy Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37350) January 31, 2024 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 95. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained Exhibit 101) _________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, arrangement. Filed herewith. &#8225; Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 96. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 2025 ALPHABET INC. By: UNDAR ICHAI Sundar Pichai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer the Registrant) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sundar Pichai and Anat Ashkenazi, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the Registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. 97. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Signature Title Date UNDAR ICHAI Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2025 Sundar Pichai NAT SHKENAZI Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2025 Anat Ashkenazi MIE HUENER O'T OOLE Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer February 2025 Amie Thuener O'Toole RANCES RNOLD Director February 2025 Frances Arnold ERGEY RIN Co-Founder and Director February 2025 Sergey Brin ARTIN HAVEZ Director February 2025 Martin Ch&#225;vez OHN OERR Director February 2025 John Doerr OGER ERGUSON Director February 2025 Roger Ferguson Jr. OHN ENNESSY Director, Chair February 2025 John Hennessy ARRY AGE Co-Founder and Director February 2025 Larry Page HRIRAM Director February 2025 Ram Shriram OBIN ASHINGTON Director February 2025 Robin Washington 98.