10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) &#253; ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 &#32; &#168; TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the transition period from &#32;to ___________________________________________ State Other Jurisdiction Incorporation Exact Name Registrant specified its Charter, Address Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code and Telephone Number (Including Area Code) Commission File Number IRS Employer Identification No. Delaware Alphabet Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, 94043 (650) 253-0000 001-37580 61-1767919 Delaware Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, 94043 (650) 253-0000 001-36380 77-0493581 ___________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act: Title each class Name each exchange which registered Alphabet Inc.: Class Common Stock $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Class Capital Stock $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Google Inc.: None Securities registered pursuant Section 12(g) the Act: Title each class Alphabet Inc.: None Google Inc.: None ___________________________________________ Indicate check mark the registrant well-known seasoned issuer, defined Rule 405 the Securities Act. Alphabet Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Google Inc. Yes &#168; &#253; Indicate check mark the registrant not required file reports pursuant Section Section 15(d) the Act. Alphabet Inc. Yes &#168; &#253; Google Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required filed Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934 during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required file such reports), and (2) has been subject such filing requirements for the past days. Alphabet Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Google Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted its corporate Website, any, every Interactive Data File required submitted and posted pursuant Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 this chapter) during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit and post such files). Alphabet Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Google Inc. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark disclosure delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 this chapter) not contained herein, and will not contained, the best the registrant&#8217;s knowledge, definitive proxy information statements incorporated reference Part III this Form 10-K any amendment this Form 10-K. Alphabet Inc. &#168; Google Inc. &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer smaller reporting company. See the definitions &#8220;large accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act. (Check one): Alphabet Inc. Large accelerated filer &#253; Accelerated filer &#168; Non-accelerated filer &#168; Smaller reporting company &#168; Google Inc. Large accelerated filer &#253; Accelerated filer &#168; Non-accelerated filer &#168; Smaller reporting company &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant shell company (as defined Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act). Alphabet Inc. Yes &#168; &#253; Google Inc. Yes &#168; &#253; June 30, 2015 the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates Google Inc. (the predecessor issuer pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act) (based upon the closing sale prices such shares the Nasdaq Global Select Market June 30, 2015 was approximately $311.0 billion For purposes calculating the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates, have assumed that all outstanding shares are held non-affiliates, except for shares held each our executive officers, directors and greater stockholders. the case greater stockholders, have not deemed such stockholders affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, unless they hold 10% more our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not deemed constitute admission that all executive officers, directors and greater stockholders are, fact, affiliates our company, that there are not other persons who may deemed affiliates our company. Further information concerning shareholdings our officers, directors and principal stockholders included incorporated reference Part III, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. February 2016 the following amounts were outstanding for Alphabet Inc. (the successor issuer pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act October 2015) (Alphabet): 292,580,627 &#32;shares Alphabet's Class common stock; 50,199,837 &#32;shares Alphabet&#8217;s Class common stock; and 345,539,303 &#32;shares Alphabet&#8217;s Class capital stock outstanding. ____________________________________________________________________ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED REFERENCE Portions the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the 2016 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders are incorporated herein reference Part III this Annual Report Form 10-K the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Explanatory Note This Annual Report Form 10-K combined report being separately filed Google Inc. ("Google") and Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet"), the successor issuer to, and parent holding company of, Google. Alphabet owns all the equity interests Google, and Google meets the conditions set forth General Instruction I(1)(a), (b) and (d) Form 10-K and therefore filing its information within this Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format. Each Alphabet and Google filing its own behalf the information contained this report that relates itself, and neither registrant makes any representation information relating the other registrant. Where information explanation provided that substantially the same for each registrant, such information explanation has been combined this report. Where information explanation not substantially the same for each registrant, separate information and explanation has been provided. addition, separate consolidated financial statements for each registrant, along with notes the consolidated financial statements, are included this report. Unless indicated otherwise, throughout this Annual Report Form 10-K, refer Alphabet and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Google and its consolidated subsidiaries, "we," "us," and "our;" Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries "Alphabet;" and Google Inc. and its subsidiaries "Google." Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2015 &#32; TABLE CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements PART Item Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item Properties Item Legal Proceedings Item Mine Safety Disclosures PART Item Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities Item Selected Financial Data Item Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item Changes and Disagreements With Accountants Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 100 Item 11. Executive Compensation 100 Item 12. Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 100 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 100 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 100 PART Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 101 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: &#8226; the growth our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends our business; &#8226; our plans continue invest new businesses, products and technologies, systems, facilities, and infrastructure, continue hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, well continue invest acquisitions; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage and advertiser expenditures, traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions, which are likely cause fluctuations our quarterly results; &#8226; the potential for declines our revenue growth rate; &#8226; our expectation that growth advertising revenues from our websites will continue exceed that from our Google Network Members' websites, which will have positive impact our operating margins; &#8226; our expectation that will continue take steps improve the relevance the ads deliver and reduce the number accidental clicks; &#8226; fluctuations the rate change revenue and revenue growth, well the rate change paid clicks and average cost-per-click and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our belief that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; the expected increase costs related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; &#8226; our expectation that our cost revenues, research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses will increase dollars and may increase percentage revenues; &#8226; our potential exposure connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies; &#8226; our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs will fluctuate the future; &#8226; our continued investments international markets; &#8226; estimates our future compensation expenses; &#8226; fluctuations our effective tax rate; &#8226; the sufficiency our sources funding; &#8226; our payment terms certain advertisers, which may increase our working capital requirements; &#8226; fluctuations our capital expenditures; &#8226; our expectations related the new operating structure implemented pursuant the holding company reorganization and the associated disclosure implications; &#8226; the expected timing and amount Alphabet Inc.'s stock repurchase; &#8226; our intention align our capital structure that debt held the holding company level; well other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections: Item "Business," Item "Risk Factors," and Item "Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can identified words such "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based current expectations and assumptions that are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results differ materially and adversely from those reflected the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause contribute such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, and particular, the risks discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" Item this report and those discussed other documents file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). undertake obligation revise publicly release the results any revision these forward-looking statements, except required law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not place undue reliance such forward-looking statements. used herein, "our company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms refer collectively Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc., together with their subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks ours appearing this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks other companies. not intend our use display other companies' trade names trademarks imply endorsement sponsorship such companies, any relationship with any these companies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. PART ITEM BUSINESS Overview our founders Larry and Sergey wrote the original founders letter, "Google not conventional company. not intend become one." part that, they also explained that you could expect make "smaller bets areas that might seem very speculative even strange when compared our current businesses." From the start, the company has always strived more, and important and meaningful things with the resources have. help accelerate this, announced plans August 2015 create new public holding company, called Alphabet. Alphabet collection businesses the largest which, course, Google. also includes businesses that combine Other Bets and generally are pretty far afield our main Internet products such Verily, Calico, Nest, GV, Google Capital and Access/Google Fiber. Our Alphabet structure about helping businesses within Alphabet prosper through strong leaders and independence. Google, our innovations search and advertising have made our website widely used and our brand one the most recognized the world. generate revenues primarily delivering online advertising that consumers find relevant and that advertisers find cost-effective. Google's core products such Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play and Gmail each have over one billion monthly active users. And believe are just beginning scratch the surface. Google's vision remain place incredible creativity and innovation that uses our technical expertise tackle big problems. Our Other Bets are also making important strides their industries, and our goal for them become thriving, successful businesses the long term. Serving Our Users many ways Google search and the clean white page with the blinking cursor metaphor for how think about innovation. Imagining the ways things could without constraint the process use look for better answers some life's everyday problems. It's about starting with the "What if?" and then working relentlessly see can find the answer. It's been that way from the beginning; providing ways access knowledge and information has been core Google and our products have come long way the last decade. used show just ten blue links our results. You had click through different websites get your answers, which took time. Now are increasingly able provide direct answers even you're speaking your question using Voice Search which makes quicker, easier and more natural find what you're looking for. Over time, have added other services that let you access information quickly and easily. What could develop smarter email service with plenty storage? That's Gmail. What could make simpler, speedier, safer browser? That's Chrome. What could provide easy access movies, books, music and apps, matter which device you're on? That's Google Play. What developers could use Google's infrastructure easily build and scale applications? And what people could collaborate and get work done from anywhere any device? That's cloud and apps. devices proliferate, it's more and more important ensure that you can navigate effortlessly across them that the technology gets out the way, you can move through this multi-screen world easily possible. It's why we're investing much platforms like our Chrome browser, Chrome and our Android mobile operating system. Ultimately, want you have speedy, secure access whatever you need, wherever you happen be, and whatever device you may using the time. Ads Answers asked, what ads weren't intrusive and annoying? What could deliver relevant just the right time and give people useful commercial information? What could provide products that allow for better attribution and measurement across screens that show great ads for the right people? Our advertising solutions help millions companies grow their businesses, and offer wide range products across screens and devices. generate revenues primarily delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising. &#8226; Performance advertising &#32;creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading direct engagement with advertisers. Most our performance advertisers pay when user engages their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. For performance advertisers, AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program, helps create simple text-based ads that appear Google websites and the websites Google Network Members, who use our advertising programs deliver relevant ads alongside their search results and content. addition, our partners that comprise the Google Network use our AdSense program deliver relevant ads that generate revenues and enhance the user experience. These programs let both small and large businesses connect with users looking for specific item, say pair shoes plane ticket back home. that end, continue invest our advertising programs and make significant upgrades, including Estimated Total Conversions, which help advertisers measure the effectiveness their campaigns multi-screen world. &#8226; Brand advertising &#32;helps enhance users' awareness and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types ads specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns and turn, generate revenue distributing their ads such the TrueView ads displayed our YouTube videos. have built world-class technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies, and publishers power their digital marketing businesses. aim ensure great user experiences serving the right ads the right time and building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. also seek improve the measurability the effectiveness brand advertising. Furthermore, have invested significantly programmatic advertising help advertisers reach users when and where matters, giving them access top-tier inventory across screens and formats, well the real-time insights that advertisers need make their buys count. have allocated substantial resources stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users the web. focus creating &#32; the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers many ways, &#32; ranging from removing hundreds millions bad ads from our systems every year closely monitoring the sites and apps that show our ads and blacklisting them when necessary ensure that our ads not fund bad content. Bringing the Next Billion Online Fast search and high-quality ads matter only you have access the Internet. Right now, only fraction the seven billion people the world are fortunate enough able get online. That leaves out billions people. With much useful and life-changing information available today, unfortunate that such significant portion the world's population lacks even the most basic Internet connection. Those people will able learn and start businesses, grow and prosper ways they simply could not without Internet connection. Creating platforms for other people's success huge part who are. want the world join online and greeted with the best possible experience once they get there. Connection powerful; and are working hard make reality for everyone. The opportunities improve lives grand scale are endless. And there are people around the world whose lives can improve every day bringing information into their homes, into their schools, and into their pockets showing them just how powerful the simple idea "getting online" can be. Google, are helping people get online tailoring hardware and software experiences that suit the needs emerging markets, primarily through Android and Chrome. We're also making sure our core Google apps are fast and useful, especially for users areas where speed, size and connectivity are central concerns. Other Alphabet companies are pursuing initiatives with similar goals too. That's why we're investing new projects, like Project Loon. asked, what could use network balloons that could fly the edge space and provide connectivity rural and remote areas? Loon has helped students Brazil and farmers New Zealand experience the power internet connection for the first time. And the program expands, hope bring this more and more people creating opportunities that simply did not exist before for millions people, all around the world. Moonshots The idea trying new things reflected some our new, ambitious projects both within Google and Other Bets. Everything might not fit into neat little box. believe that exactly how stay relevant. Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads irrelevance over time, especially technology, where change tends revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought were crazy when acquired YouTube and Android, and when launched Chrome. But those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices, and safer, popular browser, respectively, continue look towards the future and continue invest for the long-term. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. won't become complacent, relying solely small tweaks the years wear on. said the 2004 Founders' IPO Letter, will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that believe because they are the key our long-term success. won't stop asking "What if?" and then working hard find the answer. explained the letter from our CEO August 2015, our Alphabet reorganization was implemented better allow structure teams ways that believe will produce the fastest, most focused innovation possible for moonshot projects. Research continue invest our existing products and services, including search and advertising, well developing new products and services through research and product development. often release early-stage products. then use data and user feedback decide and how invest further those products. Our research and development expenses, which includes the vast majority engineering and technical headcount responsible for research and development, well their associated costs, were $7.1 billion $9.8 billion and $12.3 billion &#32;in 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, which included stock-based compensation expense $1.6 billion $2.2 billion and $2.7 billion respectively. expect continue investing hiring talented employees and building systems develop new products and services and improve existing ones. Competition Our business characterized rapid change well new and disruptive technologies. face formidable competition every aspect our business, particularly from companies that seek connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. face competition from: &#8226; General purpose search engines and information services, such Yahoo, Microsoft's Bing, Yandex, Baidu, Naver, WebCrawler, and MyWebSearch. &#8226; Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such Kayak (travel queries), LinkedIn (job queries), WebMD (health queries), and Amazon and eBay (e-commerce). Some users will navigate directly such content, websites, and apps rather than through Google. &#8226; Social networks, such Facebook and Twitter. Some users are increasingly relying social networks for product service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines. &#8226; Other forms advertising, such television, radio, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and yellow pages. Our advertisers typically advertise multiple media, both online and offline. &#8226; Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Criteo, AppNexus, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers with AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program. &#8226; Other operating systems and mobile device companies. &#8226; Providers online products and services that provide answers, information, and services. number our online products and services, including Gmail, YouTube, and Google Docs, compete directly with new and established companies, which offer communication, information, storage and entertainment services, either stand-alone basis integrated into other offerings. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability rapidly deliver innovative products and technologies the marketplace that can attract and retain: &#8226; Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, primarily the basis the relevance and usefulness our search results and the features, availability, and ease use our products and services. &#8226; Advertisers, primarily based our ability generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and deliver their advertisements efficient and effective manner across variety distribution channels. &#8226; Content providers (Google Network Members, the parties who use our advertising programs deliver relevant ads alongside their search results and content, well other content providers for whom distribute license content), primarily based the quality our advertiser base, our ability help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms our agreements with them. Intellectual Property rely various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions protect our proprietary technology and our brand. have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks service marks, domain names and copyrights. have also filed patent applications the U.S. and foreign Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. countries covering certain our technology, and acquired patent assets supplement our portfolio. have licensed the past, and expect that may license the future, certain our rights other parties. Culture and Employees take great pride our culture. embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration ideas address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central how work, and like ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels. Despite our rapid growth, still cherish our roots startup and wherever possible empower employees act great ideas regardless their role function within the company. strive hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives diverse those our global users. work provide environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some the biggest challenges technology and society. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue investing hiring talented employees and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. December 31, 2015 had 61,814 &#32;full-time employees: 23,336 research and development, 19,082 sales and marketing, 10,944 operations, and 8,452 general and administrative functions. Although have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented labor union. Competition for qualified personnel our industry intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. Seasonality Our business affected both seasonal fluctuations Internet usage and traditional retail seasonality. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly the fourth quarter each year. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Other Matters part the Alphabet reorganization, expect convert Google Inc. into limited liability company. Available Information Our websites are located www.google.com and www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website located www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements are available through our investor relations website, free charge, after file them with the SEC. also provide link the section the SEC's website www.sec.gov that has all the reports that file furnish with the SEC. You may read and copy any materials file with the SEC the SEC's Public Reference Room 100 Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can get information the operation the Public Reference Room calling the SEC 1-800-SEC-0330. webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events participate host with members the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications news announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code conduct, also available our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content our websites are not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC, and any references our websites are intended inactive textual references only. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results operations, cash flows, and the trading price our common and capital stock. Risks Related Our Businesses and Industries face intense competition. not continue innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability deliver innovative products and technologies the marketplace rapidly and, for Google, provide products and services that make our search results and ads relevant and useful for our users. our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure innovate will encompass wider range products and services, including products and services that may outside our historical core business. have many competitors different industries, including general purpose search engines and information services, vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, social networks, providers online products and services, other forms advertising and online advertising platforms and networks, other operating systems, and wireless mobile device companies. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users, and they can use their experiences and resources ways that could affect our competitive position, including making acquisitions, continuing invest heavily research and development, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether not meritorious), and continuing compete aggressively for advertisers and websites. Emerging start-ups may able innovate and provide products and services faster than can may foresee the consumer need for products and services before us. Our competitors are constantly developing innovations search, online advertising, wireless mobile devices, operating systems, and many other web-based products and services. The research and development new, technologically advanced products also complex and uncertain process requiring high levels innovation and investment, well the accurate anticipation technology, market trends, and consumer needs. result, must continue invest significant resources research and development, including through acquisitions, order enhance our search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. are unable provide quality products and services, then acceptance rates for our products and services could decline. addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult technological and legal challenges, and may subject claims users these offerings experience service disruptions failures other issues. Our operating results would also suffer our innovations are not responsive the needs our users, advertisers, and Google Network Members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities, are not effectively brought market. technology continues develop, our competitors may able offer user experiences that are, that are seen be, substantially similar better than ours. This may force compete different ways and expend significant resources order remain competitive. our competitors are more successful than are developing compelling products attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. Our ongoing investment new businesses and new products, services, and technologies inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. have invested and expect continue invest new businesses, products, services, and technologies. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return capital our investments, distraction management from current operations, and unidentified issues not discovered our due diligence such strategies and offerings that could cause fail realize the anticipated benefits such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, assurance can given that such strategies and offerings will successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. More people are using devices other than desktop computers access the Internet and accessing new devices make search queries. manufacturers and users not widely adopt versions our search technology, products, operating systems developed for these devices, our business could adversely affected. The number people who access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld computers such netbooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, increasing dramatically. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices may make the use our products and services through such devices more difficult (or just different) and the versions our products and services developed for these devices may not compelling users, manufacturers, distributors alternative devices. Each manufacturer distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work viewable these devices result. Some manufacturers may also elect not include our products their devices. addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via &#8220;apps&#8221; tailored particular devices social media platforms, which could affect our search and advertising business over time. new devices and platforms are continually being released, difficult predict the problems may encounter adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. expect continue devote significant resources the creation, support, and maintenance products and services across multiple platforms and devices. are unable attract and retain substantial number alternative device manufacturers, distributors, developers, and users our products and services, are slow develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, will fail capture the opportunities available consumers and advertisers transition dynamic, multi-screen environment. generate significant portion our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending advertisers loss partners could seriously harm our business. generated 90% &#32;of total Google segment revenues from advertising 2015. Many our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content partners can terminate their contracts with any time. Those partners may not continue business with not create more value (such increased numbers users customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. not provide superior value deliver advertisements efficiently and competitively, could see decrease revenue and other adverse impacts our business. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have material negative impact advertising revenues, which could adversely affect our revenues and business. addition, expenditures advertisers tend cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have material negative impact the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers reduce the amounts they spend advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and business. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and anticipate downward pressure our operating margin the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time result number factors, including: &#8226; increasing competition, &#8226; changes property mix, platform mix, and geographical mix &#8226; the challenges maintaining our growth rate our revenues increase higher levels, &#8226; the evolution the online advertising market, including the increasing variety online platforms for advertising, and the other markets which participate, and &#8226; the rate user adoption our products, services, and technologies. believe our margins could experience downward pressure result increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects our business. For instance, the margin revenues generate from our Google Network Members significantly less than the margin revenues generate from advertising Google websites. Consequently, our margins will experience downward pressure greater percentage our revenues comes from ads placed our Google Network Members' websites compared revenues generated through ads placed Google websites. Additionally, the margin earn revenues generated from our Google Network Members could decrease the future pay even larger percentage advertising fees our Google Network Members. Additionally, our margins could experience downward pressure because the margin the sale digital content and apps, advertising revenues from mobile devices and newer advertising formats are generally less than the margin revenues generate from advertising our websites traditional formats. Further, our margins could impacted Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. adversely spend proportionately larger amount promote distribute certain products invest more heavily our R&D efforts across the Company (such our Other Bets businesses) than have historically. are subject increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. The growth our company and our expansion into variety new fields involves variety new regulatory issues, and have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny have grown. For instance, several regulatory agencies have sought review our search and other businesses potential competition concerns. continue cooperate with the European Commission (EC) and other regulatory authorities around the world investigations they are conducting with respect our business and its impact competition. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, interpret and apply existing laws, ways that make our products and services less useful our users, require incur substantial costs, expose unanticipated civil criminal liability, cause change our business practices. These changes increased costs could negatively impact our business and results operations material ways. are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result adverse outcomes. are regularly subject claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. The sale hardware products also exposes the risk product liability and other litigation involving assertions about product defects, well health and safety, hazardous materials usage, and other environmental concerns. addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation, further discussed later, that exposes the risk exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell products and services. Such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain and their results cannot predicted with certainty. Regardless the outcome, any these types legal proceedings can have adverse impact because legal costs, diversion management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. possible that resolution one more such proceedings could result substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows particular period. These proceedings could also result reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, requiring change our business practices product recalls other field action, requiring development non-infringing otherwise altered products technologies. Any these consequences could adversely affect our business and results operations. Acquisitions could result operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results operations. Acquisitions are important element our overall corporate strategy and use capital, and these transactions could material our financial condition and results operations. expect continue evaluate and enter into discussions regarding wide array potential strategic transactions. The process integrating acquired company, business, technology has created, and will continue create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where face risks include: &#8226; Diversion management time and focus from operating our business acquisition integration challenges. &#8226; Failure successfully further develop the acquired business technology. &#8226; Implementation remediation controls, procedures, and policies the acquired company. &#8226; Integration the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. &#8226; Transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. &#8226; Failure obtain required approvals timely basis, all, from governmental authorities, conditions placed upon approval, under competition laws which could, among other things, delay prevent from completing transaction, otherwise restrict our ability realize the expected financial strategic goals acquisition investment. &#8226; the case foreign acquisitions, the need integrate operations across different cultures and languages and address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention employees from the businesses acquire. &#8226; Liability for activities the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, privacy issues, violations laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. &#8226; Litigation other claims connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, other third parties. Our failure address these risks other problems encountered connection with our past future acquisitions and investments could cause fail realize the anticipated benefits such acquisitions investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions could also result dilutive issuances our equity securities, the incurrence debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, impairment goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any which could harm our financial condition results. Also, the anticipated benefits value our acquisitions investments may not materialize. Our business depends strong brand, and failing maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability expand our base users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. Our strong Google brand has significantly contributed the success our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands both Google and Other Bets increases our ability enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs our users. Our brands may negatively impacted number factors, including, among others, reputational issues and product/technical performance failures. Further, fail maintain and enhance equity the Google brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may materially and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely our ability remain technology leader and continue provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play meaningful role people&#8217;s everyday lives. variety new and existing laws could subject claims otherwise harm our business. are subject numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering wide variety subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. For example, current and new patent laws such U.S. patent laws and European patent laws may affect the ability companies, including us, protect their innovations and defend against claims patent infringement. The costs compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely increase the future. Claims have been, may be, threatened and filed against under both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, invasion privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, product liability, other theories based the nature and content the materials searched and the ads posted our users, our products and services, content generated our users. Furthermore, many these laws not contemplate address the unique issues raised number our new businesses, products, services and technologies. addition, the applicability and scope these laws, interpreted the courts, remain uncertain. For example, the laws relating the liability providers online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. addition, other laws that could subject claims otherwise harm our business include, among others: &#8226; The Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which has provisions that limit the U.S., but not necessarily eliminate, our liability for caching hosting, for listing linking to, third-party websites that include materials that infringe copyrights other rights, long comply with the statutory requirements this act. Any future legislation impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us. &#8226; Court decisions such the &#8216;right forgotten&#8217; ruling issued the European court, which allows individuals demand that Google remove search results about them certain instances, may limit the content can show our users. &#8226; Various U.S. and international laws that restrict the distribution materials considered harmful children and impose additional restrictions the ability online services collect information from minors. &#8226; Data protection laws passed many states that require notification users when there security breach for personal data, such California&#8217;s Information Practices Act. &#8226; Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types data collected particular country stored and/or processed within that country. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. face risks and costs overseas our products and services are offered international markets and may subject additional regulations. Any failure our part comply with these laws and regulations can result negative publicity and diversion management time and effort and may subject significant liabilities and other penalties. are, and may the future be, subject intellectual property other claims, which are costly defend, could result significant damage awards, and could limit our ability use certain technologies the future. Internet, technology, media, and other companies own large numbers patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based allegations infringement other violations intellectual property rights. addition, patent holding companies may continue seek monetize patents they have purchased otherwise obtained. have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against have increased and may continue increase develop new products, services, and technologies. have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Third parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against filing claims U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell our products services the U.S. elsewhere our products services those our customers suppliers are found infringe the intellectual property subject the claims. Adverse results any these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements (if licenses are available all), orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices, and require development non-infringing products technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. Furthermore, connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities. addition, many our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could increase our costs result defending such claims, and may require that pay significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely impact our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered and our customers from covered products. Regardless the merits the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive litigate settle, and cause significant diversion management attention. the extent such intellectual property infringement claims are successful, they may have adverse effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability protect them could reduce the value our products, services, and brand. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside our control pose threat our intellectual property rights, well our products, services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not available every country which our products and services are distributed made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts have taken protect our proprietary rights may not sufficient effective. Although seek obtain patent protection for our innovations, possible may not able protect some these innovations. Moreover, may not have adequate patent copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out important. Furthermore, there always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope the protection gained will insufficient that issued patent may deemed invalid unenforceable. also seek maintain certain intellectual property trade secrets. The secrecy could compromised outside parties, our employees, which could cause lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become commonly used that becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; this happens, could lose protection for this trademark, which could result other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; refer their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Any significant impairment our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights costly and time consuming. Any increase the unauthorized use our intellectual property could make more expensive business and harm our operating results. may subject legal liability associated with providing online services content. host and provide wide variety services and products that enable users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating the liability providers these online services and products for activities their users still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought against for defamation, negligence, breaches contract, copyright trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, other theories based the nature and content information that publish which provide links that may posted online generated third parties, including our users. addition, are and have been and may again the future subject domestic international actions alleging that certain content have generated third-party content that have made available within our services violates U.S. and non-U.S. law. also arrange for the distribution third-party advertisements third-party publishers and advertising networks, and offer third-party products, services, content. may subject claims concerning these products, services, content virtue our involvement marketing, branding, broadcasting, providing access them, even not ourselves host, operate, provide, provide access these products, services, content. Defense any such actions could costly and involve significant time and attention our management and other resources, may result monetary liabilities penalties, and may require change our business adverse manner. Privacy concerns relating our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services. From time time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, processes compromise the privacy users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard the collection, use, disclosure, security personal information other privacy related matters, even unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. addition, nearly all our products and services are web-based, the amount data store for our users our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure compromise our security that results the release our users&#8217; data could seriously limit the adoption our products and services, well harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. expect continue expend significant resources protect against security breaches. The risk that these types events could seriously harm our business likely increase expand the number web-based products and services offer, and operate more countries. Regulatory authorities around the world are considering number legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, including measures ensure that our encryption users&#8217; data does not hinder law enforcement agencies&#8217; access that data. addition, the interpretation and application consumer and data protection laws the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and flux. possible that these laws may interpreted and applied manner that inconsistent with our data practices. so, addition the possibility fines, this could result order requiring that change our data practices, which could have adverse effect our business and results operations. Complying with these various laws could cause incur substantial costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. Recent legal developments Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers information from Europe the U.S. preliminary agreement has been reached between the U.S. and European governments allow for legal certainty regarding transfers data. However, given the preliminary nature the agreement, some uncertainty remains, and compliance obligations could cause incur costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. our security measures are breached, our services are subject attacks that degrade deny the ability users access our products and services, our products and services may perceived not being secure, users and customers may curtail stop using our products and services, and may incur significant legal and financial exposure. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission users&#8217; and customers&#8217; proprietary information, and security breaches expose risk loss this information, litigation, and potential liability. experience cyber attacks varying degrees regular basis. Our security measures may also breached due employee error, malfeasance, system errors vulnerabilities, otherwise. Additionally, outside parties may attempt fraudulently induce employees, users, customers disclose sensitive information order gain access our Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. data our users&#8217; customers&#8217; data. Any such breach unauthorized access could result significant legal and financial exposure, damage our reputation, and loss confidence the security our products and services that could potentially have adverse effect our business. Because the techniques used obtain unauthorized access, disable degrade service, sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against target, may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventative measures. actual perceived breach our security occurs, the market perception the effectiveness our security measures could harmed and could lose users and customers. face number manufacturing and supply chain risks that, not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects. face number risks related manufacturing and supply chain management. For instance, the products sell may have quality issues resulting from the design manufacture the product, from the software used the product. Sometimes, these issues may caused components purchase from other manufacturers suppliers. the quality our products does not meet our customers' expectations our products are found defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could negatively impacted. rely third parties manufacture many our assemblies and finished products, and have third-party arrangements for the design some components and parts. Our business could negatively affected are not able engage third parties with the necessary capabilities capacity reasonable terms, those engage fail meet their obligations (whether due financial difficulties other reasons), make adverse changes the pricing other material terms our arrangements with them. have the past, and may experience the future, supply shortages and price increases driven raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and significant changes the financial business condition our suppliers. Workaround plans address shortages could entail increased freight costs for expedited shipments. may experience shortages other supply chain disruptions the future that could negatively impact our operations. addition, some the components use our products are available only from single source limited sources, and may not able find replacement vendors favorable terms all the event supply chain disruption. Additionally, because many our supply contracts have volume-based pricing minimum purchase requirements, the volume our hardware sales decreases does not reach projected targets, could face increased materials and manufacturing costs other financial liabilities that could make our hardware products more costly per unit manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our financial results. Further, certain our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply. also require our suppliers and business partners comply with law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but not control them their practices. any them violates laws implements practices regarded unethical, could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations damage key relationships, and damage our reputation. any them fails procure necessary license rights third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could impact the saleability our products and expose financial obligations third parties. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements regarding the use certain minerals mined from the Democratic Republic Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures pertaining manufacturer's efforts regarding the source such minerals. SEC rules implementing these requirements may have the effect reducing the pool suppliers who can supply DRC &#8220;conflict free&#8221; components and parts, and may not able obtain DRC conflict free products supplies sufficient quantities for our operations. Since our supply chain complex, may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders are unable sufficiently verify the origins for the minerals used our products. Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. &#8220;Web spam&#8221; refers websites that attempt violate search engine's quality guidelines that otherwise seek rank higher search results than search engine's assessment their relevance and utility would rank them. Although English-language web spam our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam most other languages limited, expect web spammers will continue seek ways improve their rankings inappropriately. continuously combat web spam, including through indexing technology that makes harder for spam-like, less useful web content rank highly. face challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including &#8220;content farms&#8221;, which are websites that generate large quantities low-quality content help them improve Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. their search rankings. are continually launching algorithmic changes focused low-quality websites. our search results display increasing number web spam and content farms, this could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information reduce user traffic our websites. addition, continue take actions improve our search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may the short run reduce our AdSense revenues, since some these websites are AdSense partners. Interruption failure our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. The availability our products and services depends the continuing operation our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable damage interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial service attacks, other attempts harm our systems. Some our data centers are located areas with high risk major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts vandalism, and potential disruptions the operators certain these facilities have financial difficulties. Some our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence natural disaster, decision close facility are using, other unanticipated problems our data centers could result lengthy interruptions our service. addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors vulnerabilities, which could result interruptions our services the failure our systems. Our international operations expose additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our international operations are significant our revenues and net income, and plan continue grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 54% our consolidated revenues 2015. certain international markets, have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages otherwise succeed. addition risks described elsewhere this section, our international operations expose other risks, including the following: &#8226; Changes local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions, which may adversely harm our business. &#8226; Restrictions foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent from repatriating cash earned countries outside the U.S. &#8226; Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent from offering products providing services particular market and may increase our operating costs. &#8226; Longer payment cycles some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels payment fraud. &#8226; Still developing foreign laws and legal systems. &#8226; Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty result local laws and lack legal precedent. &#8226; Different employee/employer relationships, existence workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused distance, language, and cultural differences, making harder business certain jurisdictions. addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply our international operations increases our cost doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. Violations these laws and regulations could result fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, our employees, prohibitions the conduct our business and our ability offer our products and services one more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although have implemented policies and procedures designed ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can assurance that our employees, contractors, agents will not violate our policies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Finally, since conduct business currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results U.S. dollars, face exposure fluctuations currency exchange rates. Although hedge portion our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results operations. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult predict and could cause our results fall short expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate result number factors, many outside our control. result, comparing our operating results period-to-period basis may not meaningful, and you should not rely our past results indication our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses percentage our revenues may differ significantly from our historical projected rates. Our operating results future quarters may fall below expectations. Any these events could cause our stock price fall. Each the risk factors listed this section addition the following factors may affect our operating results: &#8226; Our ability continue attract users our websites and retain existing users our websites. &#8226; Our ability monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic Google websites and our Google Network Members' websites both desktop and mobile devices. &#8226; Revenue fluctuations caused changes property mix, platform mix, and geographical mix. &#8226; The amount revenues and expenses generated and incurred currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program. &#8226; The amount and timing operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related the maintenance and expansion our businesses, operations, and infrastructure. &#8226; Our focus long-term goals over short-term results. &#8226; The results our acquisitions and our investments risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, and technologies. &#8226; Our ability keep our websites operational reasonable cost and without service interruptions. &#8226; Our ability generate significant revenues from new products and services which have invested considerable time and resources. Because our business changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not useful you predicting our future operating results. addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical nature, reflecting overall economic conditions, well budgeting and buying patterns. Also, user traffic tends seasonal. Our rapid growth has tended mask the cyclicality and seasonality our business. our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results fluctuate. were lose the services Larry, Sergey, Eric, Sundar, other key personnel, may not able execute our business strategy. Our future success depends large part upon the continued service key members our senior management team. particular, Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical the overall management Alphabet and its subsidiaries, and they, along with Sundar Pichai, the Chief Executive Officer Google, play important role the development our technology. Along with our Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt, they also play key role maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss key personnel could seriously harm our business. rely highly skilled personnel and, are unable retain motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, maintain our corporate culture, may not able grow effectively. Our performance largely depends the talents and efforts highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends our continuing ability identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas our organization. Competition our industry for qualified employees intense, and certain our competitors have directly targeted our employees. addition, our compensation arrangements, such our equity award programs, may not always successful attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability compete effectively depends our ability attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. addition, believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. our organization grows, and are required implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly light our holding company reorganization and new operating structure, may find increasingly difficult maintain the beneficial aspects our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. Our business depends continued and unimpeded access the Internet and our users. Internet access providers may able restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services, which could lead additional expenses and the loss users and advertisers. Our products and services depend the ability our users access the Internet, and certain our products require significant bandwidth work effectively. Currently, this access provided companies that have significant market power the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some these providers have taken, have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, increase the cost user access certain our products restricting prohibiting the use their infrastructure support facilitate our offerings, charging increased fees our users provide our offerings. addition, some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject government-initiated restrictions blockages. Such interference could result loss existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. New technologies could block online ads, which would harm our Google business. Technologies have been developed that can block the display our ads and that provide tools users opt out our advertising products. Most our Google revenues are derived from fees paid advertisers connection with the display ads web pages for our users. result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. are exposed fluctuations the market values our investments. Given the global nature our business, have investments both domestically and internationally. Credit ratings and market values these investments can negatively impacted liquidity, credit deterioration losses, financial results, foreign exchange rates, other factors. result, the value liquidity our cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. may have exposure greater than anticipated tax liabilities. Our future income taxes could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. are subject regular review and audit both domestic and foreign tax authorities. result, have received, and may the future receive, assessments multiple jurisdictions various tax-related assertions, including transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. Any adverse outcome such review audit could have negative effect our operating results and financial condition. addition, the determination our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Although believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results the period periods for which such determination made. Risks Related Ownership Our Stock The trading price for our Class common stock and non-voting Class capital stock may continue volatile. The trading price our stock has times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue volatile. For example, from January 2015 through December 31, 2015, the closing price our Class common stock ranged from $497.06 per share $793.96 per share, and the closing price our Class capital stock ranged from $492.55 $776.60 per share. The trading price our Class common stock and Class capital stock may fluctuate widely response various factors, some which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: &#8226; Quarterly variations our results operations those our competitors. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; Announcements our competitors acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, capital commitments. &#8226; Recommendations securities analysts changes earnings estimates. &#8226; Announcements about our earnings that are not line with analyst expectations, the risk which enhanced because our policy not give guidance earnings. &#8226; Announcements our competitors their earnings that are not line with analyst expectations. &#8226; Commentary industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless its accuracy. &#8226; The volume shares Class common stock and Class capital stock available for public sale. &#8226; Sales Class common stock and Class capital stock our stockholders (including sales our directors, executive officers, and other employees). &#8226; Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions shares our Class common stock and Class capital stock. &#8226; The perceived values Class common stock and Class capital stock relative one another. &#8226; Our stock repurchase program. addition, the stock market general, and the market for technology companies particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated disproportionate the operating performance those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock regardless our actual operating performance. cannot guarantee that our recently announced stock repurchase program will fully consummated that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and stock repurchases could increase the volatility the price our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. October 2015, our board directors authorized our company repurchase $5,099,019,513.59 our Class capital stock and January 2016, our board directors authorized our Company repurchase additional amount approximately 514 thousand shares. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Although our board directors has authorized stock repurchase program, the share repurchase program does not obligate Alphabet repurchase any specific dollar amount acquire any specific number shares. The stock repurchase program could affect the price our stock and increase volatility and may suspended terminated any time, which may result decrease the trading price our stock. The concentration our stock ownership limits our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters. Our Class common stock has votes per share, our Class common stock has one vote per share, and our Class capital stock has voting rights. December 31, 2015, Larry, Sergey, and Eric beneficially owned approximately 92.5% our outstanding Class common stock, which represented approximately 58.5% the voting power our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets, for the foreseeable future. addition, because our Class capital stock carries voting rights (except required applicable law), the issuance the Class capital stock, including future stock-based acquisition transactions and fund employee equity incentive programs, could prolong the duration Larry and Sergey&#8217;s current relative ownership our voting power and their ability elect all our directors and determine the outcome most matters submitted vote our stockholders. Together with Eric, they would also continue able control any required stockholder vote with respect certain change control transactions involving Alphabet (including acquisition Alphabet another company). This concentrated control limits severely restricts our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters and, result, may take actions that our stockholders not view beneficial. result, the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock could adversely affected. Provisions our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions Alphabet&#8217;s certificate incorporation and bylaws may have the effect delaying preventing change control changes our management. These provisions include the following: Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation provides for tri-class capital stock structure. result this structure, Larry, Sergey, and Eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, other change control transaction that other stockholders may view beneficial. noted above, the issuance the Class capital stock could have the effect prolonging the influence Larry, Sergey, and Eric. &#8226; Our board directors has the right elect directors fill vacancy created the expansion the board directors the resignation, death, removal director, which prevents stockholders from being able fill vacancies our board directors. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act written consent. result, holder, holders, controlling majority our capital stock would not able take certain actions without holding stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation prohibits cumulative voting the election directors. This limits the ability minority stockholders elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice nominate individuals for election the board directors propose matters that can acted upon stockholders&#8217; meeting. These provisions may discourage deter potential acquirer from conducting solicitation proxies elect the acquirer's own slate directors otherwise attempting obtain control our company. &#8226; Our board directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares undesignated preferred stock. The ability issue undesignated preferred stock makes possible for our board directors issue preferred stock with voting other rights preferences that could impede the success any attempt acquire us. Delaware corporation, are also subject certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, corporation may not engage business combination with any holder 15% more its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board directors has approved the transaction. Our board directors could rely Delaware law prevent delay acquisition us. Risks Related Our Holding Company Reorganization holding company, Alphabet will dependent the operations and funds its subsidiaries. October 2015, completed reorganization pursuant which Alphabet became holding company with business operations its own. Alphabet&#8217;s only significant assets are the outstanding equity interests Google and any other future subsidiaries Alphabet. result, rely cash flows from subsidiaries meet our obligations, including service any debt obligations Alphabet. may not obtain the anticipated benefits our reorganization into holding company structure. believe that our holding company reorganization and new operating structure will increase management scale and allow focus running our diverse businesses independently with the goal maximizing each the business&#8217; potential. The anticipated benefits this reorganization may not obtained circumstances prevent from taking advantage the strategic and business opportunities that expect may afford us. result, may incur the costs holding company structure without realizing the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Alphabet&#8217;s management dedicating significant effort the new operating structure. These efforts may divert management&#8217;s focus and resources from Alphabet&#8217;s business, corporate initiatives, strategic opportunities, which could have adverse effect our businesses, results operations, financial condition, prospects. Additionally, our subsidiaries may restricted their ability pay cash dividends make other distributions Alphabet, the new holding company. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS There are unresolved staff comments December 31, 2015. ITEM PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located Mountain View, California, where own approximately 4.8 million square feet office and building space and approximately fifteen acres developable land accommodate anticipated future growth. addition, own and lease office and building space, research and development, and sales and support offices primarily North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. operate and own data centers the U.S., Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Europe, South America, and Asia pursuant various lease agreements and co-location arrangements. believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are good condition and suitable for the conduct our business. ITEM LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For description our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note &#32;&#8220;Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters&#8221; the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K, which incorporated herein reference. ITEM MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART ITEM MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES EQUITY SECURITIES During the fourth quarter 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer Google Inc. pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act October 2015. Price Range Common Stock and Capital Stock Our Class common stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 2014. Prior August 19, 2004, there was public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our Class common stock the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Fiscal Year 2015 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2015 581.44 497.06 June 30, 2015 573.66 532.74 September 30, 2015 699.62 541.70 December 31, 2015 793.96 642.00 Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2014 610.70 551.17 June 30, 2014 585.93 518.00 September 30, 2014 605.40 571.81 December 31, 2014 587.78 498.16 Our Class common stock neither listed nor traded. Our Class capital stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 2014. Prior that time, there was public market for our Class capital stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our Class capital stock the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Fiscal Year 2015 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2015 575.33 492.55 June 30, 2015 565.06 520.51 September 30, 2015 672.93 516.83 December 31, 2015 776.60 611.29 Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2014 &#8212; &#8212; June 30, 2014 578.65 509.96 September 30, 2014 596.08 562.73 December 31, 2014 577.35 495.39 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Holders Record December 31, 2015 there were approximately, 2,279 &#32;and 2,173 stockholders record our Class common stock and Class capital stock, respectively, and the closing prices our Class common stock and Class capital stock were $778.01 &#32;and $758.88 per share, respectively, reported the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Because many our shares Class common stock and Class capital stock are held brokers and other institutions behalf stockholders, are unable estimate the total number stockholders represented these record holders. December 31, 2015 there were approximately &#32;stockholders record our Class common stock. Dividend Policy have never declared paid any cash dividend our common capital stock. intend retain any future earnings and not expect pay any cash dividends the foreseeable future. Issuer Purchases Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect Alphabet's repurchases Class capital stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Period Total Number Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number Shares Purchased Part Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value Shares that May Yet Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 0.00 5,099 November 1,500 737.72 1,500 3,934 December 891 757.04 891 3,319 Total 2,391 744.68 2,391 (1) October 2015, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $5,099,019,513.59 &#32;of its Class capital stock, commencing the fourth quarter 2015. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through the use 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Refer Note &#32;in Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related share repurchases. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. Unregistered Sales Equity Securities December 17, 2015, issued aggregate approximately 514 thousand shares our Class capital stock connection with our acquisition bebop Technologies, Inc. The issuance our shares was made reliance upon exemption from the registration requirements the Securities Act provided Regulation Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the 5-year cumulative total return shareholders Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s common stock relative the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the RDG Internet Composite index, and the NASDAQ Composite index. investment $100 (with reinvestment all dividends) assumed have been made the company&#8217;s Class common stock, Class capital stock, and each index December 31, 2010 and its relative performance tracked through December 31, 2015 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. COMPARISON YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2010 stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; &#32;2015 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. This performance graph shall not deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes Section the Securities Exchange Act 1934, amended (the Exchange Act), incorporated reference into any filing Alphabet under the Securities Act 1933, amended, the Exchange Act, except shall expressly set forth specific reference such filing. ITEM SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected consolidated financial data should read conjunction with Item &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing Item &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; this Annual Report Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative the results expected any future period. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The consolidated statements income data Alphabet and Google were follows for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2011 (1) 2012 (1) 2013 (1) 2014 (1) 2015 (in millions) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 37,905 46,039 55,519 66,001 74,989 Income from operations 11,742 13,834 15,403 16,496 19,360 Net income from continuing operations 9,706 11,435 13,160 13,620 16,348 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (816 (427 516 Net income 9,706 10,619 12,733 14,136 16,348 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. The basic and diluted income per share data included the consolidated statements income Alphabet were follows for the periods presented (not required for Google pursuant Rule 12g-3(a)): Year Ended December 31, 2011 (1) 2012 (1) 2013 (1) 2014 (1) 2015 (in millions, except per share amounts) Basic net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 15.04 17.47 19.77 20.15 23.11 Discontinued operations 0.00 (1.25 (0.64 0.76 0.00 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 15.04 16.22 19.13 20.91 23.11 Basic net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 15.04 17.47 19.77 20.15 24.63 Discontinued operations 0.00 (1.25 (0.64 0.76 0.00 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 15.04 16.22 19.13 20.91 24.63 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 14.83 17.21 19.42 19.82 22.84 Discontinued operations 0.00 (1.23 (0.63 0.75 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 14.83 15.98 18.79 20.57 22.84 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 14.83 17.21 19.42 19.82 24.34 Discontinued operations 0.00 (1.23 (0.63 0.75 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 14.83 15.98 18.79 20.57 24.34 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The consolidated balance sheets Alphabet and Google were follows for the periods presented: December 31, 2011 (1)(2) 2012 (1)(2) 2013 (1)(2) 2014 (1)(2) 2015 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 44,626 48,088 58,717 64,395 73,066 Total assets 72,359 92,711 109,050 129,187 147,461 Total long-term liabilities 5,294 6,662 6,165 8,548 7,820 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 58,118 71,570 86,977 103,860 120,331 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Includes reclassifications deferred tax assets and liabilities related ASU 2015-17 &#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification Deferred Taxes.&#8221; Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. ITEM MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis our financial condition and results operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Trends Our Business The following trends have contributed the results our consolidated operations, and anticipate that they will continue impact our future results: &#8226; Users' behaviors and advertising continue shift online the digital economy evolves. The continuing shift from offline online world has contributed the growth our business since inception, resulting increasing revenues, and expect that this online shift will continue benefit our business. &#8226; online advertising evolves, continue expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. interactions between users and advertisers change, continue expand our product offerings serve their changing needs. Over time, expect our monetization trends fluctuate. For example, have seen increase YouTube engagement ads, which monetize lower rate than traditional search desktop ads. Additionally, advertisers are beginning shift programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers connect with the right user, the right moment, the right context. This may also have different monetization profiles our existing advertising business. These trends will continue affect our monetization the future. &#8226; Users are increasingly using multiple devices access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile phones and other new formats. Our users are accessing the Internet via multiple devices. Mobile computing power continues grow and users want feel connected matter where they are what they are doing. seek expand our products and services stay front this shift order maintain and grow our business. this multi-device world, generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile phones and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from desktop computers and tablets. Our traffic acquisition cost (TAC) may also impacted because the rates which share mobile revenues with our partners may differ from our traditional desktop and tablet formats. expect both these trends continue put pressure our overall margins, particularly fail realize the opportunities presented during the transition dynamic multi-screen environment. &#8226; users developing economies increasingly come online, generate increasing revenues from international markets, and movements foreign exchange rates impact such revenues. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The shift online, well the advent the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside the U.S., especially emerging markets, and continue develop localized versions our products and relevant advertising programs useful our users these markets. This has led trend increased revenues from international markets over time and expect that our results will continue impacted our performance these markets, particularly low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our international revenues represent significant proportion our revenues and are subject fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates relative the U.S. dollar. While have foreign exchange risk management program designed reduce our exposure these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect our revenues and earnings. &#8226; The portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues increasing. Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. expect this trend continue focus expanding our Google offerings our users through products like Google Play, cloud and apps and hardware products. Across these initiatives, currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales digital content products, hardware sales, service and licensing fees; the margins these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may lower than the margins our advertising business. number our Other Bets initiatives are their initial development stages, and such, the sources revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues themselves could volatile. &#8226; continue look for new ways serve our users and expand our businesses, will invest heavily R&D and our capital expenditures will continue fluctuate. continue make significant research and development (R&D) investments areas strategic focus for Google, such search and advertising, well new products and services across both Google and Other Bets. The amount our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue fluctuate the long term invest heavily our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. addition, acquisitions remain important part our strategy and use capital, and expect continue spend cash acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expanding our expertise engineering and other functional areas. &#8226; Our employees are critical our success and expect continue investing them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. expect continue hiring talented employees and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. December 31, 2015 had 61,814 &#32;full-time employees: 23,336 research and development, 19,082 sales and marketing, 10,944 operations, and 8,452 general and administrative, increase 8,214 &#32;total headcount from December 31, 2014 Executive Overview Results Here are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 &#32;(consolidated unless otherwise noted): &#8226; Revenues $75.0 billion &#32;and revenue growth 14% &#32;year over year, constant currency revenue growth 20% &#32;year over year. &#8226; Google segment revenues $74.5 billion &#32;with revenue growth 14% &#32;and Other Bets revenues $0.4 billion. &#8226; Revenues from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Rest World were $34.8 billion $7.1 billion and $33.1 billion respectively. &#8226; Cost revenues was $28.2 billion consisting traffic acquisition costs $14.4 billion and other cost revenues $13.8 billion Our traffic acquisition costs percentage advertising revenues was 21% &#8226; Operating expenses (excluding cost revenues) were $27.5 billion &#8226; Income from operations was $19.4 billion &#8226; Effective tax rate 17% &#8226; Net income was $16.3 billion &#32;with diluted net income per share for Class and common stock $22.84 &#32;and for Class capital stock $24.34 &#8226; Operating cash flow was $26.0 billion &#8226; Capital expenditures were $9.9 billion Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; Headcount was 61,814 &#32;as December 31, 2015 Information about Segments conjunction with the Alphabet reorganization, the fourth quarter 2015, implemented legal and operational changes how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) manages our businesses, including resource allocation and performance assessment. Consequently, have multiple operating segments, representing the individual businesses that are run separately under the Alphabet structure. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the operating segments are combined and disclosed below Other Bets. All prior-period amounts have been adjusted retrospectively reflect the reportable segment change. Our reported segments are described below: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main internet products such Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play well hardware products sell, such Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus. Our technical infrastructure and newer efforts like Virtual Reality are also included Google. &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, and other initiatives. Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Consolidated Results Operations The following table presents our operating results percentage revenues for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 (1)(2) 2014 (1)(2) 2015 Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 39.6 38.9 37.6 Research and development 12.9 14.9 16.3 Sales and marketing 11.8 12.3 12.1 General and administrative 8.0 8.9 8.2 Total costs and expenses 72.3 75.0 74.2 Income from operations 27.7 25.0 25.8 Other income (expense), net 0.9 1.1 0.4 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 28.6 26.1 26.2 Provision for income taxes 4.9 5.5 4.4 Net income from continuing operations 23.7 20.6 21.8 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (0.8 0.8 0.0 Net income 22.9 21.4 21.8 (1) Financial results Motorola Home were included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2013. Financial results Motorola Mobile were included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014. (2) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Consolidated Revenues The following table presents our consolidated revenues, segment and revenue source (in millions), for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google segment Google websites 37,422 45,085 52,357 Google Network Members' websites (1) 13,650 14,539 15,033 Google advertising revenues 51,072 59,624 67,390 Google other revenues (1) 4,435 6,050 7,151 Google segment revenues 55,507 65,674 74,541 Other Bets Other Bets revenues 327 448 Consolidated revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 (1) Prior period amounts have been adjusted reflect the reclassification primarily related DoubleClick serving software revenues from Google other revenues Advertising Revenues from Google Network Members' websites conform with the current period presentation. Google segment The following table presents our Google segment revenues (in millions), those revenues expressed percentage consolidated revenues, and changes our aggregate paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage) for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google segment revenues 55,507 65,674 74,541 Google segment revenues percentage consolidated revenues 100.0 99.5 99.4 Aggregate paid clicks change Aggregate cost-per-click change (11 Use Monetization Metrics When assessing our advertising revenue performance, present information regarding the number "paid clicks" and "cost-per-click" for our Google websites and Google Network Members websites. Management views these important metrics for understanding our business. periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks and for identifying the revenues generated click activity. Paid clicks for our Google websites represent engagement users and include clicks advertisements end-users related searches Google.com, clicks related advertisements other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Finance, Maps, and Google Play; and viewed YouTube engagement ads like TrueView (counted engagement when the user chooses not skip the ad). Paid clicks for our Google Network Members' websites include clicks end-users related advertisements served Google Network Members' properties participating our AdSense for Search, AdSense for Content and AdMob businesses. some cases, such programmatic and reservation based advertising buying, charge advertisers impression; while growing, this represents small part our revenue base. Cost-per-click defined click-driven revenue divided our total number paid clicks and represents the average cost each engagement users charge advertisers. The rate change revenue and revenue growth, well the rate change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google websites and Google Network Members' websites and their correlation with the rate change revenues, has fluctuated and may fluctuate the future because various factors, including: Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; growth rates our revenues from Google websites, including YouTube, compared those our revenues from Google Network Members' websites; &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; seasonality; &#8226; the fees advertisers are willing pay based how they manage their advertising costs; &#8226; changes advertising quality formats; &#8226; traffic growth emerging markets compared more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels; &#8226; shift the proportion non-click based revenue generated Google websites and Google Network Members' websites, including increase programmatic and reservation based advertising buying; and &#8226; general economic conditions. Our revenue growth rate has generally declined over time result number factors, including increasing competition, query growth rates, challenges maintaining our growth rate our revenues increase higher levels, the evolution the online advertising market, our investments new business strategies, changes our product mix, and shifts the geographic mix our revenues. also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue affected evolving user preferences, the acceptance users our products and services they are delivered diverse devices, our ability create seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements foreign currency exchange rates. Google websites The following table presents our Google websites revenues (in millions), those revenues expressed percentage Google segment revenues, and changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage) for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google websites 37,422 45,085 52,357 Google websites percentage Google segment revenues 67.4 68.6 70.2 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (15 Google websites revenues consist primarily of: &#8226; AdWords revenue that generated Google.com. This includes revenue from traffic generated search distribution partners who use Google.com their default search browsers, toolbars, etc.; &#8226; Advertising revenue generated YouTube, including, but not limited YouTube TrueView and Google Preferred; and &#8226; Advertising revenue generated from other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Finance, Maps, and Google Play. Our Google websites revenues increased &#32; $7,272 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;and also increased percentage Google segment revenues. Our Google websites revenue growth was primarily driven increases mobile search due ongoing improvements formats, well growth YouTube video advertising across TrueView and Google Preferred, partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The number paid clicks through our advertising programs increased from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;due increase aggregate traffic Google owned properties, the adoption advertising formats such YouTube engagement ads, and continued global expansion our products, advertisers and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile. The positive impact our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers. The decrease was primarily driven continued growth YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than our other platforms, well changes property and device mix, product mix, geographic mix, and ongoing product changes, and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google websites revenues increased &#32; $7,663 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;and also increased percentage Google segment revenues. Our Google websites revenue growth was driven primarily growth across all platforms due ongoing improvements formats, well growth YouTube engagement ads, partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The increase the number paid clicks generated through our advertising programs from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;was due certain monetization improvements including new and richer formats, increase aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion our products, advertisers, and user base, partially offset certain advertising policy changes. The positive impact our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset decrease the average cost-per-click paid our advertisers. The decrease was due various factors, such the geographic mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google Network Members' websites The following table presents our Google Network Members' websites revenues (in millions), those revenues expressed percentage Google segment revenues, and changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click for the periods presented (in percentage terms): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google Network Members' websites (1) 13,650 14,539 15,033 Google Network Members' websites revenues percentage Google segment revenues (1) 24.6 22.1 20.2 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (1) Prior period amounts have been adjusted reflect the reclassification primarily related DoubleClick serving software revenues from Google other revenues Advertising Revenues from Google Network Members' websites conform with the current period presentation. Google Network Members' websites revenues consist primarily of: &#8226; AdSense (such AdSense for Search, AdSense for Content, etc.); &#8226; AdExchange; &#8226; AdMob; &#8226; All DoubleClick-related revenues including DoubleClick Bid Manager revenues; and &#8226; Other Network products including AdSense for Domains. Our Google Network Members' websites revenues increased &#32; $494 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 The increase &#32;was primarily driven strength programmatic advertising buying, offset our continued AdSense advertising policy changes aimed enriching the experience for users and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The decrease Network Members' websites revenues percentage Google segment revenues due relatively slower growth Network Members' websites revenues compared that Google websites revenues well Google other revenues. The decreases both paid clicks and cost-per-click paid our advertisers from 2014 2015 were primarily driven ongoing product and policy changes designed reduce lower quality inventory AdSense for Search, changes property and device mix, product mix, and geographic mix, and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google Network Members' websites revenues increased &#32; $889 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 The increase &#32;was mainly due certain monetization improvements including new and richer formats and increase the number Google Network Members, partially offset certain AdSense advertising policy changes aimed enriching the experience for users. The decrease Network Members' websites revenues percentage Google segment revenues due relatively slower growth Network Members' websites revenues compared that Google websites revenues well Google other revenues. The increase paid clicks from 2013 2014 was due certain monetization improvements including new and richer formats, increase aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion our products, advertisers, and user base, and increase the number Google Network Members, partially offset certain advertising policy changes. The decrease the average cost-per-click from 2013 2014 was due various factors, such the geographic mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google other revenues The following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions), and those revenues expressed percentage Google segment revenues, for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google other revenues (1) 4,435 6,050 7,151 Google other revenues percentage Google segment revenues (1) 8.0 9.3 9.6 (1) Prior period amounts have been adjusted reflect the reclassification primarily related DoubleClick serving software revenues from Google other revenues Advertising Revenues from Google Network Members' websites conform with the current period presentation. Google other revenues consist primarily of: &#8226; Sales apps and media content the Google Play store; &#8226; Sales certain Google branded hardware, such Chromecast; &#8226; Service fees received for cloud and apps and our Maps API; and &#8226; Licensing-related revenue. Google other revenues increased &#32; $1,101 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;and increased percentage Google segment revenues. These increases were primarily due &#32; the growth our sales digital content products the Google Play store, primarily apps (revenues which recognize net payout partners). addition, there was increase revenues from service fees received for cloud and apps offerings. These increases were partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google other revenues increased &#32; $1,615 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;and increased percentage Google segment revenues. The increase was primarily due growth our sales digital content products the Google Play store, primarily apps. Other Bets The following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions), and those revenues expressed percentage consolidated revenues, for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Other Bets revenues 327 448 Other Bets revenues percentage consolidated revenues 0.0 0.5 0.6 Other Bets revenues consist primarily of: &#8226; Sales Nest branded hardware; &#8226; Revenues from internet and services; and &#8226; Revenues from licensing and R&D services. Our Other Bets revenues increased &#32; $121 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;and remained relatively flat percentage consolidated revenues. The increase was primarily due increases revenues from sales Nest branded hardware and revenues from internet and services, partially offset decrease licensing revenues. Nest was acquired February 2014, the increase our Nest revenues impacted partial year revenues 2014 compared full year 2015. Our Other Bets revenues increased &#32; $315 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;and increased percentage consolidated revenues. This primarily due the acquisition Nest 2014 well increase licensing revenues. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Consolidated Revenues Geography The following table presents our domestic and international revenues percentage consolidated revenues, determined based the billing addresses our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 United States United Kingdom Rest the world For the amounts revenues geography, please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Use Constant Currency and Constant Currency Growth The impact exchange rates our business important factor understanding period period comparisons. Our international revenues are favorably impacted the U.S. dollar weakens relative other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted the U.S dollar strengthens relative other foreign currencies. believe the presentation results constant currency basis addition reported results helps improve the ability understand our performance because they exclude the effects foreign currency volatility that are not indicative our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods exchange rates had remained constant period over period. define constant currency revenues total revenues excluding the impact foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use determine the constant currency revenue growth year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, well excluding any hedging gains realized the current period. Constant currency revenue growth (expressed percentage) calculated determining the increase current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging benefits are excluded from revenues both periods. These results should considered addition to, not substitute for, results reported accordance with GAAP. Results constant currency basis, present them, may not comparable similarly titled measures used other companies and are not measure performance presented accordance with GAAP. The following table presents our foreign exchange impact United Kingdom revenues for the periods presented (in millions; unaudited): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 United Kingdom revenues 5,600 6,483 7,067 Exclude: Foreign exchange impact current year revenues using prior period rates (304 538 Exclude: Hedging gains recognized (63 (133 Constant currency United Kingdom revenues 5,604 6,176 7,472 United Kingdom revenue growth rate United Kingdom constant currency revenue growth rate 2015 our revenues from the United Kingdom were unfavorably impacted changes foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, primarily the U.S. dollar strengthened relative the British pound. 2014 our revenues from the United Kingdom were favorably impacted changes foreign currency exchange rates over the prior year, primarily the U.S. dollar weakened relative the British pound. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents our foreign exchange impact Rest the world and total revenues for the periods presented (in millions; unaudited): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Rest the world revenues (1) 24,332 30,036 33,112 Exclude: Foreign exchange impact current year revenues using prior period rates 535 857 5,052 Exclude: Hedging gains recognized (32 (169 (1,267 Constant currency Rest the world revenues 24,835 30,724 36,897 Rest the world revenue growth rate Rest the world constant currency revenue growth rate United States revenues (1) 25,587 29,482 34,810 United States revenue growth rate Total consolidated revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 Constant currency total consolidated revenues 56,026 66,382 79,179 Total consolidated revenue growth rate Constant currency total consolidated revenue growth rate (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities. revised the classification such revenues between Rest the world and U.S. for prior periods. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual report Form 10-K for further information. 2015 our revenues from the Rest the world (excluding the United Kingdom) were unfavorably impacted changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily because the U.S. dollar strengthened relative the Euro, Brazilian real, Australian dollar and Japanese yen. 2014 our revenues from the Rest the world (excluding the United Kingdom) were unfavorably impacted changes foreign currency exchange rates, the U.S. dollar strengthened relative certain currencies, most notably the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar, and partially offset the favorable impact the U.S. dollar weakening against certain currencies, most notably the Euro. Consolidated Costs and Expenses Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists primarily traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our Google Network Members and the amounts paid our distribution partners who distribute our browser otherwise direct search queries our website. Additionally, other cost revenues (which the cost revenues excluding traffic acquisition costs) includes the following: &#8226; The expenses associated with the operation our data centers (including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth costs); &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments certain content providers from whom license their video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we share the fees these sales generate with content providers pay fixed fee these content providers); &#8226; Credit card and other transaction fees related processing customer transactions; &#8226; Stock-based compensation expense; &#8226; Revenue share payments mobile carriers; &#8226; Inventory costs for hardware sell; and &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets. The following tables present our cost revenues and cost revenues percentage revenues, and our traffic acquisition costs and traffic acquisition costs percentage advertising revenues, for the periods presented (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Traffic acquisition costs 12,258 13,497 14,343 Other cost revenues 9,735 12,194 13,821 Total cost revenues 21,993 25,691 28,164 Total cost revenues percentage revenues 39.6 38.9 37.6 Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Traffic acquisition costs Google Network Members 9,293 9,864 10,242 Traffic acquisition costs distribution partners 2,965 3,633 4,101 Traffic acquisition costs 12,258 13,497 14,343 Traffic acquisition costs percentage advertising revenues 24.0 22.6 21.3 The cost revenues that incur related revenues generated from ads placed through our AdSense program the websites our Google Network Members are significantly higher than the costs revenues incur related revenues generated from ads placed Google websites because most the advertiser fees from ads served Google Network Members&#8217; websites are shared with our Google Network Members. For the past five years, growth advertising revenues from Google websites has generally exceeded that from our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. This had positive impact our income from operations during this period. Cost revenues increased &#32; $2,473 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 The increase &#32;was primarily due data center costs and increase content acquisition costs result increased activities related YouTube and digital content. The remaining increase was driven increases traffic acquisition costs $846 million resulting from more advertiser fees generated through our AdSense program driven primarily increase advertising revenues, well more fees paid our distribution partners for additional traffic directed our websites. Additionally, there was impairment charge $378 million recognized 2014 related patent licensing royalty asset acquired connection with the Motorola acquisition that did not recur 2015. The decrease aggregate traffic acquisition costs percentage advertising revenues was primarily result shift mix from Google Network Members' websites revenue Google websites revenue. Cost revenues increased $3,698 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 The increase was partially due increases traffic acquisition costs $1,239 million resulting from more distribution fees paid for additional traffic directed Google websites, well more advertiser fees paid Google Network Members, driven primarily increase advertising revenues. The remaining increase was primarily driven increase data center costs, content acquisition costs result increased usage activities related YouTube and digital content our users, and revenue share payments mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). addition, the increase was also driven the impairment charge described above. The decrease traffic acquisition costs percentage advertising revenues was primarily result shift mix between Google websites revenue and Google Network Members' websites revenue. expect cost revenues will increase dollar amount and fluctuate percentage total revenues 2016 and future periods, based number factors, including the following: &#8226; The relative growth rates revenues from Google websites and from our Google Network Members' website; &#8226; The growth rates expenses associated with our data center operations, well our hardware inventory costs; &#8226; Increased proportion other non-advertising revenues part our total revenues; &#8226; Whether are able enter into more revenue share arrangements with Google Network Members and distribution partners that provide for lower revenue share obligations whether increased competition for arrangements with existing and potential Google Network Members and distribution partners results less favorable revenue share arrangements; &#8226; Whether are able continue improve the monetization traffic Google websites and our Google Network Members' websites; and &#8226; The relative growth rates expenses associated with distribution arrangements and the related revenues generated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Research and Development The following table presents our R&D expenses, and those expenses percentage revenues, for the periods presented (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Research and development expenses 7,137 9,832 12,282 Research and development expenses percentage revenues 12.9 14.9 16.3 R&D expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Labor and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for R&D our existing and new products and services; &#8226; Depreciation and equipment-related expenses; and &#8226; Stock-based compensation expense. R&D expenses increased &#32; $2,450 million &#32;and increased percentage revenues from 2014 &#32;to 2015 These increase were primarily due increase labor and facilities-related costs $1,502 million and increase stock-based compensation expense $487 million, both largely result 16% increase R&D headcount. The increase labor and facilities-related costs was also impacted expenses resulting from project milestones Other Bets established several years ago. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses approximately $248 million and increase professional services $174 million due additional expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services. R&D expenses increased $2,695 million &#32;and increased percentage revenues from 2013 &#32;to 2014 These increases were primarily due increase labor and facilities-related costs $1,289 million and increase stock-based compensation expense $559 million, both largely result 27% increase R&D headcount. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses $425 million and increase professional services $371 million due additional expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services. expect that R&D expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues 2016 and future periods. Sales and Marketing The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses, and those expenses percentage revenues, for the periods presented (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Sales and marketing expenses 6,554 8,131 9,047 Sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues 11.8 12.3 12.1 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Labor and facilities-related costs for our personnel engaged sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; &#8226; Advertising and promotional expenditures related our products and services; and &#8226; Stock-based compensation expense. Sales and marketing expenses increased &#32; $916 million &#32;and remained relatively flat percentage revenues from 2014 &#32;to 2015 The increase &#32;in dollar amount was primarily due increase labor and facilities-related costs $329 million and increase stock-based compensation expense $184 million, largely resulting from 12% increase sales and marketing headcount. addition, there was increase advertising and promotional expenses $184 million and increase professional service fees $158 million due additional expenses incurred for consulting and outsourced services. Sales and marketing expenses increased $1,577 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;and increased percentage revenues from 2013 &#32;to 2014 These increases were primarily due increase advertising and promotional expenses $614 million. addition, there was increase labor and facilities-related costs $571 million and increase stock-based compensation expense $163 million, both largely resulting from 15% increase sales and marketing headcount. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues 2016 and future periods. General and Administrative The following table presents our general and administrative expenses, and those expenses percentage revenues, for the periods presented (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 General and administrative expenses 4,432 5,851 6,136 General and administrative expenses percentage revenues 8.0 8.9 8.2 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Labor and facilities-related costs for personnel our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations; &#8226; Depreciation and equipment-related expenses; &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related outside legal, audit, information technology consulting, and outsourcing services; &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets; and &#8226; Stock-based compensation expense. General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $285 million &#32;and decreased percentage revenues from 2014 &#32;to 2015 The increase &#32;in dollar amount was primarily due increase stock-based compensation expense $136 million and increase labor and facilities-related costs $69 million, both largely resulting from 15% increase general and administrative headcount. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses $121 million and increase $80 million miscellaneous general and administrative expenses. These factors were partially offset decrease professional service fees and expenses $128 million, primarily due lower legal-related costs. General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $1,419 million &#32;and increased percentage revenues from 2013 &#32;to 2014 The increase were primarily due increase labor and facilities-related costs $576 million and increase stock-based compensation expense $260 million, both largely resulting from 24% increase general and administrative headcount. addition, there was increase professional services related expense $314 million due higher legal related costs, well additional consulting and outsourced services. expect general and administrative expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues 2016 and future periods. Stock-Based Compensation The following table presents our equity settled stock-based compensation expense, and equity settled stock-based compensation percentage revenues, reflected our consolidated results from continuing operations for the periods presented (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Stock-based compensation 3,127 4,175 5,203 Stock-based compensation percentage revenues 5.6 6.3 6.9% Stock-based compensation related equity settled awards increased &#32; $1,028 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;and $1,048 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 and increased percentage revenues both periods. These increase were primarily driven headcount growth. Additionally, recognized stock-based compensation expense associated with awards ultimately settled cash million million and $50 million &#32;in the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 and 2015 respectively. estimate equity settled stock-based compensation expense approximately $5.3 billion 2016 and $5.8 billion thereafter related stock awards outstanding December 31, 2015 This estimate does not include expenses recognized related stock-based awards granted after December 31, 2015 forfeiture rates are different from what have anticipated, stock-based compensation related these awards will different from our expectations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Consolidated Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents other income (expense), net, and other income (expense), net, percentage revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Other income (expense), net 496 763 291 Other income (expense), net, percentage revenues 0.9 1.1 0.4% Other income (expense), net, decreased &#32; $472 million &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 This decrease &#32;was primarily related writedown securities received conjunction with the sale business, well as, reduced gains non-marketable investments compared 2014. These decreases were partially offset increase interest income result increased cash and fixed income investments. Other income (expense), net, increased &#32; $267 million &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 This increase was primarily driven realized gains non-marketable equity investments $159 million and previously-held equity interests $126 million, well loss recognized divestiture businesses (other than Motorola Home) 2013. These increases were partially offset increase foreign currency exchange loss $23 million and decrease interest income $20 million. The costs our foreign exchange hedging activities recognized other income, net, are primarily function the notional amount the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement the foreign exchange rates relative the strike prices the contracts, and the volatility foreign exchange rates. expand our international business, costs related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program may increase 2016 and future periods. Consolidated Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents our provision for income taxes, and effective tax rate for the periods presented (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 (1) 2014 (1) 2015 Provision for income taxes 2,739 3,639 3,303 Effective tax rate 17.2 21.1 16.8 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2014 &#32;to 2015 largely due discrete benefit recognized 2015 result the resolution multi-year audit the U.S. and proportionately more earnings realized countries that have lower statutory tax rates. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2013 &#32;to 2014 largely due proportionately more earnings realized countries that have higher statutory tax rates and more benefit recognized 2013 relative 2014 due the retroactive extension the 2012 federal research and development credit, offset benefit taken valuation allowance release related capital loss carryforward 2014. reconciliation the federal statutory income tax rate our effective tax rate set forth Note &#32;of Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Our future effective tax rates could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. various taxing jurisdictions. Further information these issues, the treatment undistributed foreign earnings and reconciliation the federal statutory income tax rate our effective tax rate can found Notes &#32;and &#32;of Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates below for additional information about our provision for income taxes. Quarterly Results Operations The following tables presenting our quarterly results operations should read conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. have prepared the unaudited information the same basis our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative results for any future quarters for full year. The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2015 This table includes all adjustments, consisting only normal recurring adjustments, that consider necessary for fair presentation our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Both seasonal fluctuations internet usage and traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely continue affect, our business. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly the fourth quarter each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue cause, fluctuations our quarterly results, including fluctuations sequential revenue growth rates. Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2014 (1) Jun 30, 2014 (1) Sep 30, 2014 (1) Dec 31, 2014 (1) Mar 31, 2015 (1) Jun 30, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Dec 31, 2015 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 15,420 15,955 16,523 18,103 17,258 17,727 18,675 21,329 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 5,961 6,114 6,695 6,921 6,356 6,583 7,037 8,188 Research and development 2,126 2,238 2,655 2,813 2,753 2,789 3,230 3,510 Sales and marketing 1,729 1,941 2,084 2,377 2,065 2,080 2,223 2,679 General and administrative 1,489 1,404 1,365 1,593 1,637 1,450 1,477 1,572 Total costs and expenses 11,305 11,697 12,799 13,704 12,811 12,902 13,967 15,949 Income from operations 4,115 4,258 3,724 4,399 4,447 4,825 4,708 5,380 Other income (expense), net 357 145 133 128 157 131 183 (180 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 4,472 4,403 3,857 4,527 4,604 4,956 4,891 5,200 Provision for income taxes 903 984 933 819 1,089 1,025 912 277 Net income from continuing operations 3,569 3,419 2,924 3,708 3,515 3,931 3,979 4,923 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (198 (68 (185 967 Net income 3,371 3,351 2,739 4,675 3,515 3,931 3,979 4,923 Less: Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Net income available all stockholders 3,371 3,351 2,739 4,675 3,515 3,409 3,979 4,923 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The basic and diluted income per share data included the consolidated statements income Alphabet Inc. were follows for the periods presented (not required for Google pursuant Rule 12g-3(a)): Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2014 (1) Jun 30, 2014 (1) Sep 30, 2014 (1) Dec 31, 2014 (1) Mar 31, 2015 (1) Jun 30, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Dec 31, 2015 (unaudited) Basic net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 5.30 5.06 4.32 5.46 5.16 4.99 5.80 7.16 Discontinued operations (0.29 (0.10 (0.27 1.43 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 5.01 4.96 4.05 6.89 5.16 4.99 5.80 7.16 Basic net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 5.30 5.06 4.32 5.46 5.16 6.51 5.80 7.16 Discontinued operations (0.29 (0.10 (0.27 1.43 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 5.01 4.96 4.05 6.89 5.16 6.51 5.80 7.16 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 5.21 4.98 4.25 5.38 5.10 4.93 5.73 7.06 Discontinued operations (0.29 (0.10 (0.27 1.41 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 4.92 4.88 3.98 6.79 5.10 4.93 5.73 7.06 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 5.21 4.98 4.25 5.38 5.10 6.43 5.73 7.06 Discontinued operations (0.29 (0.10 (0.27 1.41 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 4.92 4.88 3.98 6.79 5.10 6.43 5.73 7.06 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results operations percentage revenues for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2015 Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2014 (1) Jun 30, 2014 (1) Sep 30, 2014 (1) Dec 31, 2014 (1) Mar 31, 2015 (1) Jun 30, 2015 Sep 30, 2015 Dec 31, 2015 (unaudited) Revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 38.7 38.3 40.5 38.2 36.8 37.1 37.7 38.4 Research and development 13.8 14.0 16.1 15.5 16.0 15.7 17.3 16.4 Sales and marketing 11.2 12.2 12.6 13.1 12.0 11.8 11.9 12.6 General and administrative 9.6 8.8 8.3 8.9 9.4 8.2 7.9 7.4 Total costs and expenses 73.3 73.3 77.5 75.7 74.2 72.8 74.8 74.8 Income from operations 26.7 26.7 22.5 24.3 25.8 27.2 25.2 25.2 Other income (expense), net 2.3 0.9 0.8 0.7 0.9 0.8 1.0 (0.8 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 29.0 27.6 23.3 25.0 26.7 28.0 26.2 24.4 Provision for income taxes 5.8 6.2 5.6 4.5 6.3 5.8 4.9 1.3 Net income from continuing operations 23.2 21.4 17.7 20.5 20.4 22.2 21.3 23.1 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (1.3 (0.4 (1.1 5.3 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 Net income 21.9 21.0 16.6 25.8 20.4 22.2 21.3 23.1 Less: Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 2.9 0.0 0.0 Net income available all stockholders 21.9 21.0 16.6 25.8 20.4 19.2 21.3 23.1 (1) the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015. Please refer Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Capital Resources and Liquidity December 31, 2015 had &#32; $73.1 billion &#32; cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities comprised time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related our securities lending program, fixed-income bond funds, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments, debt instruments issued municipalities the U.S., corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. From time time, may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions strategic investments private companies that subsequently public. December 31, 2015 $42.9 billion the $73.1 billion &#32;of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was held our foreign subsidiaries. these funds were needed for our operations the U.S., would required accrue and pay U.S. taxes repatriate these funds. However, our intent permanently reinvest these funds outside the U.S. and our current plans not demonstrate need repatriate them fund our U.S. operations. Our principal sources liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, well the cash flow that generate from our operations. December 31, 2015 had unused letters credit approximately $752 million believe that our sources funding will sufficient satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through least the next months. Our liquidity could negatively affected decrease demand for our products and services. addition, may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, license products and technologies complementary our business and may need raise additional capital through future Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. debt equity financing provide for greater flexibility fund these activities. Additional financing may not available terms favorable us. have debt financing program $3.0 billion &#32;through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. December 31, 2015 had $2.0 billion &#32;of commercial paper outstanding recorded short-term debt, with weighted-average interest rate 0.2% &#32;that matures various dates through February 2016. conjunction with this program, have $3.0 billion &#32;revolving credit facility expiring July 2016. The interest rate for the credit facility determined based formula using certain market rates. December 31, 2015 were compliance with the financial covenant the credit facility and amounts were outstanding. intend align our capital structure that debt held the holding company level. January 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company issue $5.0 billion commercial paper from time time and enter into $4.0 billion revolving credit facility replace Google's existing $3.0 billion revolving credit facility. May 2011, issued $3.0 billion &#32;of unsecured senior notes (2011 Notes) three equal tranches, due 2014, 2016, and 2021. The net proceeds from the sale the 2011 Notes were used repay portion our outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. February 2014, issued $1.0 billion &#32;of unsecured senior notes (2014 Notes) due 2024, which was used repay $1.0 billion &#32;of the first tranche our 2011 Notes that matured May 2014 and for general corporate purposes. December 31, 2015 the outstanding notes had total carrying value $3.0 billion and total estimated fair value $3.1 billion. are not subject any financial covenants under the notes. August 2013, entered into $258 million capital lease obligation certain property expiring 2028. intend exercise the option purchase the property 2016. The effective rate the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate. October 2015, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $5,099,019,513.59 &#32;of its Class capital stock, commencing the fourth quarter 2015. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through the use 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. December 31, 2015 Alphabet repurchased and subsequently retired $1.8 billion its Class capital stock. Alphabet's share repurchases the year ended December 31, 2015 &#32;were funded Google via return capital Alphabet. January 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional amount approximately 514 thousand shares. For 2013, 2014 and 2015, our cash flows were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Net cash provided operating activities 18,659 22,376 26,024 Net cash used investing activities (13,679 (21,055 (23,711 Net cash used financing activities (857 (1,439 (3,677 Cash Provided Operating Activities Our largest source cash provided our operations advertising revenues generated Google websites and Google Network Members' websites. Additionally, generate cash through sales apps and digital content, hardware products, licensing arrangements, and ervice fees received for cloud and apps and our Maps API Prior its divestiture October 2014, also generated cash from sales hardware products related the Motorola Mobile business. Our primary uses cash from our operating activities include payments our Google Network Members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. Prior the sale the Motorola Mobile business, our use cash also included payment for manufacturing and inventory-related costs the Motorola Mobile business. addition, uses cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;primarily due increased net income adjusted for depreciation and stock-based compensation expense, and loss sales marketable and non-marketable securities. This partially offset net decrease cash from changes working capital. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;primarily due increased net income adjusted for depreciation and loss disposal property and equipment and stock-based compensation expense, and net increase cash from changes working capital primarily driven changes prepaid revenue share, expenses, and other assets. Cash Used Investing Activities Cash provided used investing activities primarily consists purchases property and equipment, purchases, maturities, and sales marketable securities our investment portfolio, investments reverse repurchase agreements and the cash collateral received returned from our securities lending program, well acquisitions and divestitures businesses and intangible assets. Cash used investing activities increased &#32;from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;primarily due net increases purchases marketable securities, activities related security lending and purchases non-marketable investments. This increase was partially offset lower spend related acquisitions, lower investments reverse repurchase agreements, and decrease capital expenditures related our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases. Cash used investing activities increased &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;primarily due increases capital expenditures related our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases, higher spend related acquisitions, and lower proceeds received 2014 from divestiture businesses compared 2013. This increase was partially offset net decrease purchases marketable securities. Cash Used Financing Activities Cash used financing activities consists primarily net proceeds payments from issuance repayments debt, repurchases capital stock, and net proceeds payments and excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities. Alphabet, cash used financing activities increased from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;primarily driven the repurchases capital stock and increase net payments related stock-based award activities. Google, cash used financing activities increased from 2014 &#32;to 2015 &#32;is primarily driven capital transactions with Alphabet, partially offset net payments related stock-based award activities. Cash used financing activities increased &#32;from 2013 &#32;to 2014 &#32;is primarily driven increase net payments related stock-based award activities, offset partially decrease net cash payments related debt. Contractual Obligations December 31, 2015 The following summarizes our contractual obligations, excluding open orders for purchases that support normal operations, December 31, 2015 (in millions): Payments Due Period Total Less than year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than years Operating lease obligations, net sublease income amounts (1) 7,406 646 1,573 1,482 3,705 Purchase obligations (2) 1,697 946 298 150 303 Long-term debt obligations, including capital lease obligations (3) 3,722 1,306 140 140 2,136 Other long-term liabilities reflected our balance sheet (4) 1,580 356 430 367 427 Total contractual obligations 14,405 3,254 2,441 2,139 6,571 (1) For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related data center operations and facility build-outs, video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, well purchases inventory. (3) For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. (4) Other long-term liabilities represent cash obligations recorded our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion these long-term liabilities and consist primarily payments owed connection with certain commercial agreements, investments and asset retirement obligations. addition the amounts above, had long-term tax payable $3.7 billion December 31, 2015 &#32;primarily related uncertain tax positions. this time, are unable make reasonably reliable estimate the timing payments individual years beyond months due uncertainties the timing tax audit outcomes. result, this amount not included the above table. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements December 31, 2015 did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, defined Item 303(a)(4)(ii) Regulation S-K promulgated the SEC, that have are reasonably likely have current future effect our financial condition, changes our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources that material investors. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates prepare our consolidated financial statements accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). doing so, have make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, well related disclosure contingent assets and liabilities. some cases, could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. some cases, changes the accounting estimates are reasonably likely occur from period period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition results operations will affected. base our estimates past experience and other assumptions that believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and evaluate these estimates ongoing basis. refer accounting estimates this type critical accounting policies and estimates, which discuss further below. have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee our board directors. Please see Note &#32;of Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for the summary significant accounting policies. Income Taxes are subject income taxes the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although believe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, assurance can given that the final tax outcome these matters will not different. adjust these reserves light changing facts and circumstances, such the closing tax audit the refinement estimate. the extent that the final tax outcome these matters different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which such determination made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact reserve provisions and changes reserves that are considered appropriate, well the related net interest and penalties. addition, are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, indirect taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain these matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred, and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss the Notes the Consolidated Financial Statements. evaluate, monthly basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes our disclosures appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both likelihood there being and the estimated amount loss related such matters. Until the final resolution such matters, there may exposure loss excess the amount recorded, and such amounts could material. Should any our estimates and assumptions change prove have been incorrect, could have material impact our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. See Note &#32;of Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information regarding contingencies. Business Combinations allocate the fair value purchase consideration the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based their estimated fair values. The excess the fair value purchase consideration over the fair values these identifiable assets and liabilities recorded goodwill. When determining the fair values Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect intangible assets. Critical estimates valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited future expected cash flows from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology; and discount rates. Management&#8217;s estimates fair value are based upon assumptions believed reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, result, actual results may differ from estimates. Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, more fully discussed Note &#32;of Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Goodwill Goodwill allocated reporting units expected benefit from the business combination. evaluate our reporting units when changes our operating structure occur, and necessary, reassign goodwill using relative fair value allocation approach. test goodwill for impairment the reporting unit level least annually, more frequently events changes circumstances indicate that the asset may impaired. Goodwill impairment tests require judgment, including the identification reporting units, assignment assets and liabilities reporting units, assignment goodwill reporting units, and determination the fair value each reporting unit. December 31, 2015 impairment goodwill has been identified. Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events changes circumstances indicate that the carrying amount asset may not recoverable. The evaluation performed the lowest level identifiable cash flows independent other assets. impairment loss would recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement impairment loss would based the excess the carrying amount the asset group over its fair value. Impairment Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. conclude that any these investments are impaired, determine whether such impairment other-than-temporary. Factors consider make such determination include the duration and severity the impairment, the reason for the decline value and the potential recovery period and our intent sell. For marketable debt securities, also consider whether (1) more likely than not that will required sell the security before recovery its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot recovered result credit losses. any impairment considered other-than-temporary, will write down the asset its fair value and record the corresponding charge other income (expense), net. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK are exposed financial market risks, including changes currency exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk transact business globally multiple currencies. Our international revenues, well costs and expenses denominated foreign currencies, expose the risk fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. are net receiver foreign currencies and therefore benefit from weakening the U.S. dollar and are adversely affected strengthening the U.S. dollar relative the foreign currency. December 31, 2015 our most significant currency exposures are the British pound, Euro, and Japanese yen. use foreign exchange option contracts protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from adverse changes foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate the impact adverse currency exchange rate movements. designate these option contracts cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. The fair value the option contract separated into its intrinsic and time values. Changes the time value are recorded other income (expense), net. Changes the intrinsic value are recorded component accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassified into revenues offset the hedged exposures they occur. considered the historical trends currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that changes exchange rates 20% could experienced the near term. the U.S. dollar weakened 20% December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 the amount recorded AOCI reflecting intrinsic value related our Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. foreign exchange options before tax effect would have been approximately $686 million and $280 million lower December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 and the total amount expense recorded other income (expense), net, would have been approximately $90 million and $275 million higher the years ended December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 the U.S. dollar strengthened 20% December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 the amount recorded accumulated AOCI related our foreign exchange options before tax effect would have been approximately $2.5 billion and $3.1 billion higher December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 and the total amount expense recorded other income (expense), net, would have been approximately $164 million and $372 million higher the years ended December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 both scenarios, the change the intrinsic value would expected offset corresponding foreign currency change forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. addition, use foreign exchange forward contracts offset the foreign exchange risk our assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate the impact currency exchange rate movements our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses the assets and liabilities are recorded other income (expense), net, which are offset the gains and losses the forward contracts. considered the historical trends currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse changes exchange rates 20% for all currencies could experienced the near term. These reasonably possible adverse changes exchange rates 20% were applied total monetary assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currencies the balance sheet dates compute the adverse impact these changes would have had our income before income taxes the near term. These changes would have resulted adverse impact income before income taxes approximately $93 million and $122 million December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 The adverse impact December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 &#32;is after consideration the offsetting effect approximately $948 million and $1.1 billion from foreign exchange contracts place for the months December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 Interest Rate Risk Our investment strategy achieve return that will allow preserve capital and maintain liquidity requirements. invest primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. policy, limit the amount credit exposure any one issuer. Our investments both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry degree interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due rise interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted interest rates fall. December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 unrealized losses our marketable debt securities were primarily due temporary interest rate fluctuations result higher market interest rates compared interest rates the time purchase. account for both fixed and variable rate securities fair value with changes gains and losses recorded AOCI until the securities are sold. use interest rate derivative contracts hedge gains and losses our securities. These derivative contracts are accounted for hedges fair value with changes fair value recorded other income (expense), net. considered the historical volatility short-term interest rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse change 100 basis points could experienced the near term. hypothetical 1.00% (100 basis points) increase interest rates would have resulted decrease the fair value our marketable securities approximately $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion December 31, 2014 &#32;and December 31, 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. ITEM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. INDEX CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements Alphabet Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Financial Statements Google Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements (Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.) The supplementary financial information required this Item included Item under the caption &#8220;Quarterly Results Operations.&#8221; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board Directors and Stockholders Alphabet Inc. have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed the Index Item 15(a)2. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility express opinion these financial statements and schedule based our audits. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement. audit includes examining, test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. our opinion, the financial statements referred above present fairly, all material respects, the consolidated financial position Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the consolidated results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered relation the basic financial statements taken whole, presents fairly all material respects the information set forth therein. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 11, 2016 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 11, 2016 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board Directors and Stockholders Google Inc. have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Google Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed the Index Item 15(a)2. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility express opinion these financial statements and schedule based our audits. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement. audit includes examining, test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. our opinion, the financial statements referred above present fairly, all material respects, the consolidated financial position Google Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the consolidated results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered relation the basic financial statements taken whole, presents fairly all material respects the information set forth therein. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Google Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 11, 2016 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 11, 2016 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board Directors and Stockholders Alphabet Inc. have audited Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. our opinion, Alphabet Inc. maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 &#32;of Alphabet Inc. and our report dated February 11, 2016 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 11, 2016 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board Directors and Stockholders Google Inc. have audited Google Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Google Inc.&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. our opinion, Google Inc. maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets Google Inc. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 and the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2015 &#32;of Google Inc. and our report dated February 11, 2016 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 11, 2016 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and par value amounts which are reflected thousands, and par value per share amounts) December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 18,347 16,549 Marketable securities 46,048 56,517 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (including securities loaned $4,058 and $4,531) 64,395 73,066 Accounts receivable, net allowance $225 and $296 9,383 11,556 Receivable under reverse repurchase agreements 875 450 Income taxes receivable, net 591 1,903 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets 3,412 3,139 Total current assets 78,656 90,114 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, non-current 3,187 3,181 Non-marketable investments 3,079 5,183 Deferred income taxes 176 251 Property and equipment, net 23,883 29,016 Intangible assets, net 4,607 3,847 Goodwill 15,599 15,869 Total assets 129,187 147,461 Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 1,715 1,931 Short-term debt 2,009 3,225 Accrued compensation and benefits 3,069 3,539 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 4,408 4,768 Accrued revenue share 1,952 2,329 Securities lending payable 2,778 2,428 Deferred revenue 752 788 Income taxes payable, net 302 Total current liabilities 16,779 19,310 Long-term debt 3,228 1,995 Deferred revenue, non-current 104 151 Income taxes payable, non-current 3,340 3,663 Deferred income taxes 758 189 Other long-term liabilities 1,118 1,822 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders&#8217; equity: Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class 9,000,000, Class 3,000,000, Class 3,000,000); 680,172 (Class 286,560, Class 53,213, Class 340,399) and par value $680 (Class $287, Class $53, Class $340) and 687,348 (Class 292,297, Class 50,295, Class 344,756) and par value $687 (Class $292, Class $50, Class $345) shares issued and outstanding 28,767 32,982 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1,874 Retained earnings 75,066 89,223 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 103,860 120,331 Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity 129,187 147,461 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 21,993 25,691 28,164 Research and development 7,137 9,832 12,282 Sales and marketing 6,554 8,131 9,047 General and administrative 4,432 5,851 6,136 Total costs and expenses 40,116 49,505 55,629 Income from operations 15,403 16,496 19,360 Other income (expense), net 496 763 291 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 15,899 17,259 19,651 Provision for income taxes 2,739 3,639 3,303 Net income from continuing operations 13,160 13,620 16,348 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (427 516 Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Less: Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Net income available all stockholders 12,733 14,136 15,826 Basic net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 19.77 20.15 23.11 Discontinued operations (0.64 0.76 0.00 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 19.13 20.91 23.11 Basic net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 19.77 20.15 24.63 Discontinued operations (0.64 0.76 0.00 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 19.13 20.91 24.63 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 19.42 19.82 22.84 Discontinued operations (0.63 0.75 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 18.79 20.57 22.84 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 19.42 19.82 24.34 Discontinued operations (0.63 0.75 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 18.79 20.57 24.34 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment (996 (1,067 Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) (392 505 (715 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income (162 (134 208 Net change (net tax effect $212, $60, and $29) (554 371 (507 Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains 112 651 676 Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains included net income (60 (124 (1,003 Net change (net tax effect $30, $196, and $115) 527 (327 Other comprehensive loss (413 (98 (1,901 Comprehensive income 12,320 14,038 14,447 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands) Class and Class Common Stock, Class Capital Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2012 659,958 22,835 538 48,197 71,570 Common stock issued 11,706 1,174 1,174 Stock-based compensation expense 3,343 3,343 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 449 449 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (1,879 (1,879 Net income 12,733 12,733 Other comprehensive loss (413 (413 Balance December 31, 2013 671,664 25,922 125 60,930 86,977 Common and capital stock issued 8,508 465 465 Stock-based compensation expense 4,279 4,279 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 625 625 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (2,524 (2,524 Net income 14,136 14,136 Other comprehensive loss (98 (98 Balance December 31, 2014 680,172 28,767 75,066 103,860 Common and capital stock issued 8,714 664 664 Stock-based compensation expense 5,151 5,151 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 815 815 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (2,779 (2,779 Repurchases capital stock (2,391 (111 (1,669 (1,780 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 853 475 (522 (47 Net income 16,348 16,348 Other comprehensive loss (1,901 (1,901 Balance December 31, 2015 687,348 32,982 (1,874 89,223 120,331 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Operating activities Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Adjustments: Depreciation and impairment property and equipment 2,781 3,523 4,132 Amortization and impairment intangible assets 1,158 1,456 931 Stock-based compensation expense 3,343 4,279 5,203 Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities (481 (648 (548 Deferred income taxes (437 (104 (179 Gain divestiture business (700 (740 (Gain) loss marketable and non-marketable investments, net (166 (390 334 Other 272 192 212 Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable (1,307 (1,641 (2,094 Income taxes, net 588 591 (179 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets (930 459 (318 Accounts payable 605 436 203 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 713 757 1,597 Accrued revenue share 254 245 339 Deferred revenue 233 (175 Net cash provided operating activities 18,659 22,376 26,024 Investing activities Purchases property and equipment (7,358 (10,959 (9,915 Purchases marketable securities (45,444 (56,310 (74,368 Maturities and sales marketable securities 38,314 51,315 62,905 Purchases non-marketable investments (569 (1,227 (2,172 Cash collateral related securities lending (299 1,403 (350 Investments reverse repurchase agreements 600 (775 425 Proceeds from divestiture business 2,525 386 Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangibles and other assets (1,448 (4,888 (236 Net cash used investing activities (13,679 (21,055 (23,711 Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities (781 (2,069 (2,375 Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities 481 648 548 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders (47 Repurchases capital stock (1,780 Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs 10,768 11,625 13,705 Repayments debt (11,325 (11,643 (13,728 Net cash used financing activities (857 (1,439 (3,677 Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents (433 (434 Net increase (decrease) cash and cash equivalents 4,120 (551 (1,798 Cash and cash equivalents beginning period 14,778 18,898 18,347 Cash and cash equivalents end period 18,898 18,347 16,549 Supplemental disclosures cash flow information Cash paid for taxes 1,932 2,819 3,338 Cash paid for interest See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and par value amounts which are reflected thousands, and par value per share amounts) December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 18,347 16,549 Marketable securities 46,048 56,517 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (including securities loaned $4,058 and $4,531) 64,395 73,066 Accounts receivable, net allowance $225 and $296 9,383 11,556 Receivable under reverse repurchase agreements 875 450 Income taxes receivable, net 591 1,903 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets 3,412 3,139 Total current assets 78,656 90,114 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, non-current 3,187 3,181 Non-marketable investments 3,079 5,183 Deferred income taxes 176 251 Property and equipment, net 23,883 29,016 Intangible assets, net 4,607 3,847 Goodwill 15,599 15,869 Total assets 129,187 147,461 Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 1,715 1,931 Short-term debt 2,009 3,225 Accrued compensation and benefits 3,069 3,539 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 4,408 4,768 Accrued revenue share 1,952 2,329 Securities lending payable 2,778 2,428 Deferred revenue 752 788 Income taxes payable, net 302 Total current liabilities 16,779 19,310 Long-term debt 3,228 1,995 Deferred revenue, non-current 104 151 Income taxes payable, non-current 3,340 3,663 Deferred income taxes 758 189 Other long-term liabilities 1,118 1,822 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders&#8217; equity: Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share; 100,000 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding; 0.5 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class 9,000,000, Class 3,000,000, Class 3,000,000); 680,172 (Class 286,560, Class 53,213, Class 340,399), and par value $680 (Class $287, Class $53, Class $340); and 1.5 shares authorized (Class 0.5, Class 0.5, Class 0.5); 0.3 (Class 0.1, Class 0.1, Class 0.1), and par value $0, shares issued and outstanding 28,767 31,313 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1,874 Retained earnings 75,066 90,892 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 103,860 120,331 Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity 129,187 147,461 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 21,993 25,691 28,164 Research and development 7,137 9,832 12,282 Sales and marketing 6,554 8,131 9,047 General and administrative 4,432 5,851 6,136 Total costs and expenses 40,116 49,505 55,629 Income from operations 15,403 16,496 19,360 Other income (expense), net 496 763 291 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 15,899 17,259 19,651 Provision for income taxes 2,739 3,639 3,303 Net income from continuing operations 13,160 13,620 16,348 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (427 516 Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Less: Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Net income available all stockholders 12,733 14,136 15,826 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment (996 (1,067 Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) (392 505 (715 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income (162 (134 208 Net change (net tax effect $212, $60, and $29) (554 371 (507 Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains 112 651 676 Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains included net income (60 (124 (1,003 Net change (net tax effect $30, $196, and $115) 527 (327 Other comprehensive loss (413 (98 (1,901 Comprehensive income 12,320 14,038 14,447 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands) Class and Class Common Stock, Class Capital Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2012 659,958 22,835 538 48,197 71,570 Common stock issued 11,706 1,174 1,174 Stock-based compensation expense 3,343 3,343 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 449 449 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (1,879 (1,879 Net income 12,733 12,733 Other comprehensive loss (413 (413 Balance December 31, 2013 671,664 25,922 125 60,930 86,977 Common and capital stock issued 8,508 465 465 Stock-based compensation expense 4,279 4,279 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 625 625 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (2,524 (2,524 Net income 14,136 14,136 Other comprehensive loss (98 (98 Balance December 31, 2014 680,172 28,767 75,066 103,860 Common and capital stock issued 6,659 331 331 Stock-based compensation expense 5,151 5,151 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 815 815 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (1,954 (1,954 Alphabet share exchange (687,684 Capital transactions with Alphabet (2,272 (2,272 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 853 475 (522 (47 Net income 16,348 16,348 Other comprehensive loss (1,901 (1,901 Balance December 31, 2015 31,313 (1,874 90,892 120,331 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Operating activities Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 Adjustments: Depreciation and impairment property and equipment 2,781 3,523 4,132 Amortization and impairment intangible assets 1,158 1,456 931 Stock-based compensation expense 3,343 4,279 5,203 Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities (481 (648 (548 Deferred income taxes (437 (104 (179 Gain divestiture business (700 (740 (Gain) loss marketable and non-marketable investments, net (166 (390 334 Other 272 192 212 Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable (1,307 (1,641 (2,094 Income taxes, net 588 591 (179 Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets (930 459 (318 Accounts payable 605 436 203 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 713 757 1,597 Accrued revenue share 254 245 339 Deferred revenue 233 (175 Net cash provided operating activities 18,659 22,376 26,024 Investing activities Purchases property and equipment (7,358 (10,959 (9,915 Purchases marketable securities (45,444 (56,310 (74,368 Maturities and sales marketable securities 38,314 51,315 62,905 Purchases non-marketable investments (569 (1,227 (2,172 Cash collateral related securities lending (299 1,403 (350 Investments reverse repurchase agreements 600 (775 425 Proceeds from divestiture business 2,525 386 Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangibles and other assets (1,448 (4,888 (236 Net cash used investing activities (13,679 (21,055 (23,711 Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities (781 (2,069 (1,612 Excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities 481 648 548 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders (47 Capital transactions with Alphabet (2,543 Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs 10,768 11,625 13,705 Repayments debt (11,325 (11,643 (13,728 Net cash used financing activities (857 (1,439 (3,677 Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents (433 (434 Net increase (decrease) cash and cash equivalents 4,120 (551 (1,798 Cash and cash equivalents beginning period 14,778 18,898 18,347 Cash and cash equivalents end period 18,898 18,347 16,549 Supplemental disclosures cash flow information Cash paid for taxes 1,932 2,819 3,338 Cash paid for interest See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. NOTES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note Nature Operations and Summary Significant Accounting Policies &#32; Nature Operations were incorporated California September 1998 and re-incorporated the State Delaware August 2003. generate revenues primarily delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising. April 17, 2013, sold the Motorola Home business (Motorola Home) Arris Group, Inc. (Arris). The financial results Motorola Home are presented net income (loss) from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income for the year ended December 31, 2013. See Note &#32;for further discussion the sale. April 2014, completed two -for-one stock split effected the form stock dividend (the Stock Split). All references made share per share amounts the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted reflect the Stock Split. See Note &#32;for additional information about the Stock Split. October 29, 2014, sold the Motorola Mobile business (Motorola Mobile) Lenovo Group Limited (Lenovo). The financial results Motorola Mobile are presented net income (loss) from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014. See Note &#32;for further discussion the sale. August 10, 2015, announced plans create new public holding company, Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet), and new operating structure. October 2015, implemented the holding company reorganization, and result, Alphabet became the successor issuer Google Inc. (Google). The implementation the holding company reorganization October 2015 was accounted for merger under common control. Alphabet has recognized the assets and liabilities Google carryover basis. The consolidated financial statements Alphabet present comparative information for prior years combined basis, both Alphabet and Google were under common control for all periods presented. The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are being presented combined report being filed two separate registrants: Alphabet and Google. The Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity and Consolidated Statements Cash Flows are the only statements with differences between Alphabet and Google. The differences relate transactions between Alphabet and Google which are accounted for capital transactions. Refer Note for additional information. Basis Consolidation The consolidated financial statements Alphabet and Google include the accounts Alphabet and Google, respectively, and all wholly owned subsidiaries well all variable interest entities where are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use Estimates The preparation consolidated financial statements conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. ongoing basis, evaluate our estimates, including those related the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. base our estimates historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed reasonable, the results which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values assets and liabilities. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Revenue Recognition The following table presents our revenues segment and revenue source (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Google segment Google websites 37,422 45,085 52,357 Google Network Members' websites (1) 13,650 14,539 15,033 Google advertising revenues 51,072 59,624 67,390 Google other revenues (1) 4,435 6,050 7,151 Google segment revenues 55,507 65,674 74,541 Other Bets Other Bets revenues 327 448 Consolidated revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 (1) Prior period amounts have been adjusted reflect the reclassification primarily related DoubleClick serving software revenues from Google other revenues Advertising Revenues from Google Network Members' websites conform with current period presentation. generate revenues primarily delivering performance and brand advertising. Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click, leading direct engagement with advertisers. Brand advertising enhances users&#8217; awareness and affinity with advertisers&#8217; products and services, through videos, text, images, and other ads that run across various devices. Google AdWords our auction-based advertising program that enables performance advertisers place text-based and display ads Google websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. Google AdSense refers the online programs through which distribute our advertisers&#8217; AdWords ads for display our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. Most our customers pay cost-per-click basis, which means that advertiser pays only when user engages with the ads clicking Google websites Google Network Members' websites viewing YouTube engagement ads like TrueView (counted engagement when the user chooses not skip the ad). also offer advertising cost-per-impression basis that enables our brand advertisers pay based the number times their ads display Google websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites specified the advertisers. Revenue from advertising recognized when the services have been provided delivered, the fees charge are fixed determinable, and our advertisers other customers understand the specific nature and terms the agreed upon transactions, and collectability reasonably assured. recognize revenues the fees charged advertisers each time user clicks one the ads that appears next the search results content Google websites our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. For those advertisers using our cost-per-impression pricing, recognize revenues the fees charged advertisers each time their ads are displayed Google websites our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. report our Google AdSense revenues and traffic acquisition costs due our Google Network Members gross basis principally because are the primary obligor our advertisers. Revenue from hardware sales end customers through distribution channels generally recognized when products have been shipped, risk loss has transferred the customer, objective evidence exists that customer acceptance provisions have been met, significant obligations remain and allowances for discounts, price protection, returns and customer incentives can reasonably and reliably estimated. Revenues are reported net these allowances. Where these allowances cannot reasonably and reliably estimated, recognize revenue the time the product sells through the distribution channel the end customer when the return period elapsed, applicable. For the sale certain third-party products and services, evaluate whether appropriate recognize revenue based the gross amount billed the customers the net amount earned revenue share. Generally, when record revenue gross basis, are the primary obligor transaction, and have also considered other factors, including whether are subject inventory risk have latitude establishing prices. For multi-element arrangements, including those that contain software essential hardware products&#8217; functionality and services, allocate revenue each unit accounting based their relative selling prices. such circumstances, use hierarchy determine the selling prices used for allocating revenue: (i) vendor-specific objective Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. evidence fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence selling price, and (iii) best estimate the selling price (ESP). VSOE generally exists only when sell the deliverable separately and the price actually charged for that deliverable. ESPs reflect our best estimates what the selling price the deliverable would was sold regularly stand-alone basis. record deferred revenues when cash payments are received advance our performance the underlying agreement the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists traffic acquisition costs which are the advertising revenues shared with our Google Network Members and the amounts paid our distribution partners who distribute our browser otherwise direct search queries our website. Additionally, other costs revenues includes the following: &#8226; The expenses associated with the operation our data centers (including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth costs); &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments certain content providers from whom license their video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we share most the fees these sales generate with content providers pay fixed fee these content providers); &#8226; Credit card and other transaction fees related processing customer transactions; &#8226; Stock-based compensation expense; &#8226; Revenue share payments mobile carriers; &#8226; Inventory costs for hardware sell; and &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets. Stock-based Compensation Restricted stock units (RSUs) are measured based the fair market value the underlying stock the date grant. Shares are issued the vesting dates net the minimum statutory tax withholding paid behalf our employees. result, the actual number shares issued will fewer than the actual number RSUs outstanding. record the liability for withholding amounts paid primarily reduction additional paid-in capital when paid. For stock option awards, determined fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton (BSM) option pricing model the date grant Stock-based compensation includes awards expect settle Alphabet stock well awards will ultimately settle cash. recognize stock-based compensation, less estimate for forfeitures, using the straight-line method over the requisite service period. Additionally, stock-based compensation for liability classified awards reflect changes fair value during the requisite service period. include part cash flows from financing activities the benefits tax deductions excess the tax-effected compensation the related stock-based awards for options exercised and RSUs vested during the period. During the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 and 2015 the amount cash received from the exercise stock options was $1,174 million $465 million and $393 million respectively. have elected account for the indirect effects stock-based awards primarily the research and development tax credit through the Consolidated Statements Income. Total direct tax benefit realized, including the excess tax benefit, from stock-based award activities during the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 and 2015 was $1,195 million $1,356 million and $1,544 million respectively. Certain Risks and Concentrations Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which highly competitive and rapidly changing. addition, our revenues are generated from multitude vertical market segments countries around the world. Significant changes this industry changes customer buying advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results. are subject concentrations credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments and municipalities the U.S., corporate securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. 2013 2014 and 2015 generated approximately 46% 45% and 46% &#32;of our revenues from customers based the U.S., with the majority revenues from customers outside the U.S. located Europe and Japan. perform ongoing evaluations determine customer credit and limit the amount credit extend, but generally not require collateral from our customers. maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations. &#32;individual customer groups affiliated customers represented more than 10% &#32;of our revenues 2013 2014 2015 Fair Value Financial Instruments Our financial assets and financial liabilities that include cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities are measured and recorded fair value recurring basis. measure certain financial assets fair value for disclosure purposes, well as, nonrecurring basis when they are deemed other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and our other current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value. Fair value exit price, representing the amount that would received sell asset paid transfer liability orderly transaction between market participants. such, fair value market-based measurement that determined based assumptions that market participants would use pricing asset liability. Assets and liabilities recorded fair value are measured and classified accordance with three-tier fair value hierarchy based the observability the inputs available the market used measure fair value: Level Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets liabilities active markets. Level Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments active markets, quoted prices for identical similar instruments markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable the market can derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Level Unobservable inputs that are supported little market activities. The fair value hierarchy requires entity maximize the use observable inputs and minimize the use unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities invest all excess cash primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. classify all investments that are readily convertible known amounts cash and have stated maturities three months less from the date purchase cash equivalents and those with stated maturities greater than three months marketable securities. determine the appropriate classification our investments marketable securities the time purchase and reevaluate such designation each balance sheet date. have classified and accounted for our marketable securities available-for-sale. After consideration our risk versus reward objectives, well our liquidity requirements, may sell these securities prior their stated maturities. view these securities available support current operations, classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond months current assets under the caption marketable securities the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. carry these securities fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net taxes, component stockholders&#8217; equity, except for unrealized losses determined other-than-temporary, which record within other income (expense), net. determine any realized gains losses the sale marketable securities specific identification method, and record such gains and losses component other income (expense), net. Non-Marketable Investments have accounted for non-marketable equity investments either under the equity cost method. Investments through which exercise significant influence but not have control over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Investments through which are not able exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the cost method. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. have accounted for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition debt security available-for-sale securities. Since these securities not have contractual maturity dates and not intend liquidate them the next months, have classified them non-current assets the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. Variable Interest Entities make determination the start each arrangement whether entity which have made investment considered Variable Interest Entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;). consolidate VIEs which have controlling financial interest. not have controlling financial interest VIE, account for the investment under either the equity cost method. Impairment Marketable and Non-Marketable Investments periodically review our marketable and non-marketable investments for impairment. conclude that any these investments are impaired, determine whether such impairment other-than-temporary. Factors consider make such determination include the duration and severity the impairment, the reason for the decline value and the potential recovery period and our intent sell. For debt securities, also consider whether (1) more likely than not that will required sell the security before recovery its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot recovered result credit losses. any impairment considered other-than-temporary, will write down the asset its fair value and record the corresponding charge other income (expense), net. Accounts Receivable record accounts receivable the invoiced amount and normally not charge interest. maintain allowance for doubtful accounts reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. review the accounts receivable amounts due customers which are past due identify specific customers with known disputes collectability issues. determining the amount the reserve, make judgments about the creditworthiness significant customers based ongoing credit evaluations. also maintain sales allowance reserve for potential credits issued customers. determine the amount the reserve based historical credits issued. Property and Equipment account for property and equipment cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives the assets, generally two &#32;to five &#32;years. depreciate buildings over periods &#32;years. amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter the remaining lease term the estimated useful lives the assets. Construction progress the construction development property and equipment that have not yet been placed service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once placed service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land not depreciated. Software Development Costs expense software development costs, including costs develop software products the software component products marketed external users, before technological feasibility reached. Technological feasibility typically reached shortly before the release such products and result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented. Software development costs also include costs develop software used solely meet internal needs and cloud based applications used deliver our services. capitalize development costs related these software applications once the preliminary project stage complete and probable that the project will completed and the software will used perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented. Business Combinations include the results operations the businesses that acquire the respective dates acquisition. allocate the fair value the purchase price our acquisitions the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based their estimated fair values. The excess the fair value the purchase price over the fair values these identifiable assets and liabilities recorded goodwill. Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment whenever events changes circumstances indicate the carrying amount asset may not Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. recoverable. measure recoverability these assets comparing the carrying amounts the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets the asset group are expected generate. the assets are considered impaired, the impairment recognized equals the amount which the carrying value the asset exceeds its fair market value. 2014, recorded impairments intangible assets, including impairment $378 million &#32;in the third quarter 2014 related patent licensing royalty asset. Impairments intangible assets were not material 2015. allocate goodwill reporting units based the reporting unit expected benefit from the business combination. evaluate our reporting units when changes our operating structure occur, and necessary, reassign goodwill using relative fair value allocation approach. test our goodwill for impairment least annually, more frequently events changes circumstances indicate that the asset may impaired. goodwill impairment has been identified any the years presented. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. amortize our acquired intangible assets straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one &#32;to twelve &#32;years. Income Taxes account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which recognize the amount taxes payable refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences events that have been recognized our financial statements tax returns. measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based provisions enacted tax law. evaluate the realization our deferred tax assets based all available evidence and establish valuation allowance reduce deferred tax assets when more-likely-than-not that they will not realized. recognize the financial statement effects tax position when more-likely-than not that, based technical merits, the position will sustained upon examination. The tax benefits the position recognized the financial statements are then measured based the largest amount benefit that greater than 50% likely realized upon settlement with taxing authority. addition, recognize interest and penalties related unrecognized tax benefits component the income tax provision. Foreign Currency Generally, the functional currency our international subsidiaries the local currency. translate the financial statements these subsidiaries U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. record translation gains and losses accumulated other comprehensive income component stockholders&#8217; equity. reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion the transaction currency functional currency component foreign currency exchange losses other income (expense), net. Advertising and Promotional Expenses expense advertising and promotional costs the period which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 &#32;and 2015 advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $2,389 million $3,004 million and $3,186 million Recent Accounting Pronouncements May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09) "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements &#8220;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)&#8221;, and requires entities recognize revenue when transfers promised goods services customers amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects entitled exchange for those goods services. currently issued and amended, ASU 2014-09 effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, though early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. are currently the process evaluating the impact the adoption ASU 2014-09 our consolidated financial statements, implementing accounting system changes related the adoption, and considering additional disclosure requirements. June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 (ASU 2014-10) "Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including Amendment Variable Interest Entities Guidance Topic 810, Consolidation." ASU 2014-10 removes the definition development stage entity from the Master Glossary the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities. The additional elimination related consolidation guidance will require companies with interests development stage entities reassess whether such entities are variable interest entities under ASC Topic 810, Consolidation. will adopt this standard the first quarter Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. 2016 retrospective basis. not expect the adoption this standard have material impact our consolidated financial statements. February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02 (ASU 2015-02) "Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments the Consolidation Analysis." ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that reporting entity must perform determine whether should consolidate certain types legal entities. will adopt this standard the first quarter 2016 retrospective basis. not expect the adoption this standard have material impact our consolidated statement operations consolidated balance sheet, but may result additional disclosures. November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17 (ASU 2015-17) &#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification Deferred Taxes&#8221;. ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation deferred income taxes eliminating the separate classification deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts the consolidated balance sheet statement financial position. The amendments the update require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets classified noncurrent the consolidated balance sheet. The amendments this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein and may applied either prospectively retrospectively all periods presented. Early adoption permitted. have early adopted this standard the fourth quarter 2015 retrospective basis. Prior periods have been retrospectively adjusted. result the adoption ASU 2015-17, the Company made the following adjustments the 2014 balance sheet: $1,322 million &#32;decrease current deferred tax assets, $83 million &#32;increase noncurrent deferred tax asset, $26 million &#32;decrease current deferred tax liability, and decrease $1,213 million &#32;to noncurrent deferred tax liability. January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01) "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities." ASU 2016-01 amends various aspects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure for financial instruments. With respect our consolidated financial statements, the most significant impact relates the accounting for equity investments. will impact the disclosure and presentation financial assets and liabilities. ASU 2016-01 effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption public entities permitted only for certain provisions. are currently the process evaluating the impact the adoption this standard our consolidated financial statements. Revision Previously Issued Financial Statements the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015 the cumulative amount $711 million evaluated the materiality the income tax expense impact quantitatively and qualitatively and concluded was not material any the prior periods impacted and that correction income tax expense out period adjustment the quarter ended June 30, 2015 would not material our consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2015. Consolidated revenues are not impacted. elected revise previously issued consolidated financial statements for the periods impacted. Refer Note &#32;for additional information. Prior Period Reclassifications Certain amounts prior periods have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. Note Financial Instruments &#32; classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level Level the fair value hierarchy because use quoted market prices alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs determine their fair value. classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level the fair value hierarchy the valuation inputs are based quoted prices and market observable data similar instruments. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities significant investment categories December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;(in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. December 31, 2014 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Cash 9,863 9,863 9,863 Level Money market and other funds 2,532 2,532 2,532 U.S. government notes 15,320 15,353 1,128 14,225 Marketable equity securities 988 428 (64 1,352 1,352 18,840 465 (68 19,237 3,660 15,577 Level Time deposits (1) 2,409 2,409 2,309 100 Money market and other funds (2) 1,762 1,762 1,762 Fixed-income bond funds (3) 385 (38 347 347 U.S. government agencies 2,327 2,334 750 1,584 Foreign government bonds 1,828 (10 1,840 1,840 Municipal securities 3,370 3,397 3,394 Corporate debt securities 11,499 114 (122 11,491 11,491 Agency mortgage-backed securities 8,196 109 (42 8,263 8,263 Asset-backed securities 3,456 3,452 3,452 35,232 287 (224 35,295 4,824 30,471 Total 63,935 752 (292 64,395 18,347 46,048 December 31, 2015 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Cash 7,380 7,380 7,380 Level Money market and other funds 5,623 5,623 5,623 U.S. government notes 20,922 (48 20,901 258 20,643 Marketable equity securities 692 155 847 847 27,237 182 (48 27,371 5,881 21,490 Level Time deposits (1) 3,223 3,223 2,012 1,211 Money market and other funds (2) 1,140 1,140 1,140 Fixed-income bond funds (3) 219 219 219 U.S. government agencies 1,367 1,366 1,366 Foreign government bonds 2,242 (23 2,233 2,233 Municipal securities 3,812 3,855 3,855 Corporate debt securities 13,809 (278 13,584 136 13,448 Agency mortgage-backed securities 9,680 (57 9,671 9,671 Asset-backed securities 3,032 3,024 3,024 38,524 164 (373 38,315 3,288 35,027 Total 73,141 346 (421 73,066 16,549 56,517 (1) The majority our time deposits are foreign deposits. (2) The balances December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;were related cash collateral received connection with our securities lending program, which was invested reverse repurchase agreements maturing within three months. See section titled "Securities Lending Program" below for further discussion this program. (3) Fixed-inco bond funds consist mutual funds that primarily invest corporate and government bonds. determine realized gains losses the marketable securities specific identification method. recognized gross realized gains $416 million $238 million and $357 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. 2013, 2014, and 2015. recognized gross realized losses $258 million $85 million and $565 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014, and 2015. reflect these gains and losses component other income (expense), net, the accompanying Consolidated Statements Income. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value our investments marketable debt securities, accounted for available-for-sale securities and classified the contractual maturity date the securities (in millions): December 31, 2015 Due year 7,900 Due year through years 30,141 Due years through years 7,199 Due after years 10,211 Total 55,451 The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were unrealized loss position December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 aggregated investment category and the length time that individual securities have been continuous loss position (in millions): December 31, 2014 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. government notes 4,490 4,490 U.S. government agencies 830 830 Foreign government bonds 255 298 (10 Municipal securities 877 174 1,051 Corporate debt securities 5,851 (112 225 (10 6,076 (122 Agency mortgage-backed securities 609 2,168 (41 2,777 (42 Asset-backed securities 2,388 174 2,562 Fixed-income bond funds 347 (38 347 (38 Marketable equity securities 690 (64 690 (64 Total 16,337 (234 2,784 (58 19,121 (292 December 31, 2015 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. government notes 13,757 (48 13,757 (48 U.S. government agencies 864 864 Foreign government bonds 885 (18 921 (23 Municipal securities 1,116 1,157 Corporate debt securities 9,192 (202 784 (76 9,976 (278 Agency mortgage-backed securities 5,783 (34 721 (23 6,504 (57 Asset-backed securities 2,508 386 2,894 Total 34,105 (315 1,968 (106 36,073 (421 During the years ended December 31, 2013 &#32;and 2014 did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment loss. During the year ended December 31, 2015 recognized $281 million &#32;of other-than-temporary impairment losses related our marketable equity securities and fixed-income bond funds. Those losses are included gains (losses) marketable securities, net component other income (expense), net, the accompanying Consolidated Statements Income. See Note &#32;for further details other income (expense), net. Securities Lending Program Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. From time time, enter into securities lending agreements with financial institutions enhance investment income. loan certain securities which are collateralized the form cash securities. Cash collateral usually invested reverse repurchase agreements which are collateralized the form securities. classify loaned securities cash equivalents marketable securities and record the cash collateral asset with corresponding liability the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. classify reverse repurchase agreements maturing within three months cash equivalents and those longer than three months receivable under reverse repurchase agreements the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. For security collateral received, not record asset liability except the event counterparty default. Our securities lending transactions were accounted for secured borrowings with significant investment categories follows (in millions): December 31, 2015 Remaining Contractual Maturity the Agreements Securities Lending Transactions Overnight and Continuous days Days Greater Than Days Total U.S. government notes 1,322 306 1,659 U.S. government agencies 504 581 Corporate debt securities 188 188 Total 2,014 108 306 2,428 Gross amount recognized liabilities for securities lending offsetting disclosure 2,428 Amounts related agreements not included securities lending offsetting disclosure &#32;Derivative Financial Instruments recognize derivative instruments either assets liabilities the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets fair value. record changes the fair value (i.e., gains losses) the derivatives the accompanying Consolidated Statements Income other income (expense), net, part revenues, component accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, discussed below. enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions reduce the risk that our cash flows and earnings will adversely affected foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. use certain interest rate derivative contracts hedge interest rate exposures our fixed income securities and debt. Our program not used for trading speculative purposes. enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk permitting net settlement transactions with the same counterparty. further reduce credit risk, enter into collateral security arrangements under which the counterparty required provide collateral when the net fair value certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. can take possession the collateral the event counterparty default. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 received cash collateral related the derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements $268 million &#32;and $192 million Cash Flow Hedges use options designated cash flow hedges hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The notional principal these contracts was approximately $13.6 billion &#32;and $16.4 billion &#32;as December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 These foreign exchange contracts have maturities months &#32;or less. 2012, entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with total notional amount $1.0 billion &#32;and terms calling for receive interest variable rate and pay interest fixed rate, that effectively locked interest rate our anticipated debt issuance $1.0 billion &#32;in 2014. issued $1.0 billion &#32;of unsecured senior notes February 2014 (See details Note result, terminated the forward-starting interest rate swaps upon the debt issuance. The cash gain associated with the termination reported within Operating Activities the Consolidated Statement Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2014, consistent with the impact the hedged item. reflect gain loss the effective portion cash flow hedge component AOCI and subsequently reclassify cumulative gains and losses revenues interest expense when the hedged transactions are recorded. the hedged transactions become probable not occurring, the corresponding amounts AOCI would immediately reclassified other income (expense), net. Further, exclude the change the time value the options from our Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. assessment hedge effectiveness. record the premium paid time value option the date purchase asset. Thereafter, recognize changes this time value other income (expense), net. December 31, 2015 the effective portion our cash flow hedges before tax effect was $375 million which $293 million &#32;is expected reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next months. Fair Value Hedges use forward contracts designated fair value hedges hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. exclude changes the time value for forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. The notional principal these contracts was $1.5 billion &#32;and $1.8 billion &#32;as December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 use interest rate swaps designated fair value hedges hedge interest rate risk for certain fixed rate securities. The notional principal these contracts was $175 million &#32;and $295 million &#32;as December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 Gains and losses these forward contracts and interest rate swaps are recognized other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting losses and gains the related hedged items. Other Derivatives Other derivatives not designated hedging instruments consist forward and option contracts that use hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency subsidiary. recognize gains and losses these contracts, well the related costs other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses monetary assets and liabilities. The notional principal foreign exchange contracts outstanding was $6.2 billion &#32;and $7.5 billion &#32;as December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 also use exchange-traded interest rate futures contracts and &#8220;To Announced&#8221; (TBA) forward purchase commitments mortgage-backed assets hedge interest rate risks certain fixed income securities. The TBA contracts meet the definition derivative instruments cases where physical delivery the assets not taken the earliest available delivery date. Our interest rate futures and TBA contracts (together interest rate contracts) are not designated hedging instruments. recognize gains and losses these contracts, well the related costs, other income (expense), net. The gains and losses are generally economically offset unrealized gains and losses the underlying available-for-sale securities, which are recorded component AOCI until the securities are sold other-than-temporarily impaired, which time the amounts are moved from AOCI into other income (expense), net. The total notional amounts interest rate contracts outstanding were $150 million &#32;and $50 million &#32;as December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The fair values our outstanding derivative instruments were follows (in millions): December 31, 2014 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, current and non-current 851 851 Interest rate contracts Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, current and non-current Total 852 852 Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current Total December 31, 2015 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, current and non-current 626 628 Total 626 628 Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Interest rate contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current Total Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The effect derivative instruments cash flow hedging relationships income and other comprehensive income (OCI) summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized OCI Derivatives Before Tax Effect (Effective Portion) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship 2013 2014 2015 Foreign exchange contracts 929 964 Interest rate contracts (31 Total 178 898 964 Gains Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship Location 2013 2014 2015 Foreign exchange contracts Revenues 171 1,399 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Total 175 1,404 Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives (Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing and Ineffective Portion) (1) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship Location 2013 2014 2015 Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net (280 (279 (297 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Total (280 (275 (297 (1) Gains (losses) related the ineffective portion the hedges were not material all periods presented. The effect derivative instruments fair value hedging relationships income summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives (2) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Fair Value Hedging Relationship Location 2013 2014 2015 Foreign Exchange Hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net 115 170 Hedged item Other income (expense), net (25 (123 (176 Total Interest Rate Hedges: Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Hedged item Other income (expense), net Total (2) Losses related the amount excluded from effectiveness testing the hedges were million million and million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The effect derivative instruments not designated hedging instruments income summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Location 2013 2014 2015 Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net, and net loss from discontinued operations 118 237 198 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Total 122 239 199 Offsetting Derivatives, Securities Lending, and Reverse Repurchase Agreements present our derivatives, securities lending and reverse repurchase agreements gross fair values the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, our master netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 information related these offsetting arrangements was follows (in millions): Offsetting Assets December 31, 2014 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Description Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 852 852 (1) (251 (412 188 Reverse repurchase agreements 2,637 2,637 (2) (2,637 Total 3,489 3,489 (251 (3,049 188 December 31, 2015 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Description Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 628 628 (13 (1) (189 (214 212 Reverse repurchase agreements 1,590 1,590 (2) (1,590 Total 2,218 2,218 (13 (189 (1,804 212 (1) The balances December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;were related derivative liabilities which are allowed net settled against derivative assets accordance with our master netting agreements. (2) The balances December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;included $1,762 million &#32;and $1,140 million &#32;recorded cash and cash equivalents, respectively, and $875 million &#32;and $450 million &#32;recorded receivable under reverse repurchase agreements, respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Offsetting Liabilities December 31, 2014 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Description Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives (3) Securities lending agreements 2,778 2,778 (2,740 Total 2,782 2,782 (2,740 December 31, 2015 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Description Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives (13 (3) Securities lending agreements 2,428 2,428 (2,401 Total 2,444 2,444 (13 (2,401 (3) The balances December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;were related derivative assets which are allowed net settled against derivative liabilities accordance with our master netting agreements. Note Non-Marketable Investments &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32; Our non-marketable investments include non-marketable equity investments and non-marketable debt securities. &#32; Non-Marketable Equity Investments &#32; Our non-marketable equity investments are investments have made privately-held companies accounted for under the equity cost method and are not required consolidated under the variable interest voting models. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 these investments accounted for under the equity method had carrying value approximately $1.3 billion &#32;and $1.6 billion respectively, and those investments accounted for under the cost method had carrying value $1.8 billion &#32;and $2.6 billion respectively. For investments accounted for under the cost method, the fair value was approximately $7.5 billion &#32;as December 31, 2015 The fair value the cost method investments are primarily determined from data leveraging private-market transactions and are classified within Level the fair value hierarchy. periodically review our non-marketable equity investments for impairment. &#32;material impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 Our share gains and losses equity method investments for the year ended December 31, 2015 &#32;was net loss approximately $227 million &#32;and not material for the years ended December 31, 2013 &#32;and 2014 reflect these losses component other income (expense), net, the accompanying Consolidated Statements Income. determined that certain renewable energy investments included our non-marketable equity investments are VIEs. However, not consolidate these entities our financial statements because not have the power direct the activities the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and account for those investments under the equity method. Our involvement with investments renewable energy relate our equity investments entities whose activities involve power generation. have determined that the governance structures these entities not allow direct the activities that would significantly impact the entity's economic performance such setting operating budgets. The carrying value our renewable energy investments accounted for under the equity method that are VIEs $302 million &#32;as December 31, 2015 &#32;with the maximum exposure $316 million The maximum exposure based current investments date plus future funding commitments. have determined the single source our exposure these VIE&#8217;s our capital investment these entities. periodically reassess whether are the primary beneficiary VIE. The reassessment process considers whether have acquired the power direct the most significant activities the VIE through changes governing documents other circumstances. also reconsider whether entities previously determined not VIEs have become VIEs, based changes facts and circumstances including changes contractual arrangements and capital structure. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Non-Marketable Debt Securities Our non-marketable debt securities are primarily preferred stock that are redeemable our option and convertible notes issued private companies. These debt securities not have readily determinable market values and are categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. estimate the fair value these securities, use combination valuation methodologies, including market and income approaches based prior transaction prices; estimated timing, probability, and amount cash flows; and illiquidity considerations. Financial information private companies may not available and consequently will estimate the value based the best available information the measurement date. estimate range fair values based valuation approaches noted above and December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 the fair value recorded the Consolidated Balance Sheets for individual investments within the range. material impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 The following table presents reconciliation for our assets measured and recorded fair value recurring basis, using significant unobservable inputs (Level (in millions): Level Balance December 31, 2014 Purchases, issuances, and settlements (1) 934 Balance December 31, 2015 1,024 (1) Purchases securities included our $900 million &#32;investment SpaceX, space exploration and space transport company, made during January 2015. Note Debt &#32; Short-Term Debt have debt financing program $3.0 billion &#32;through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 had $2.0 billion &#32;of outstanding commercial paper recorded short-term debt with weighted-average interest rate 0.1% &#32;and 0.2% respectively. conjunction with this program, have $3.0 billion &#32;revolving credit facility expiring July 2016. The interest rate for the credit facility determined based formula using certain market rates. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 were compliance with the financial covenant the credit facility, and &#32;amounts were outstanding under the credit facility December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 The estimated fair value the short-term debt approximated its carrying value December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Long-Term Debt issued $1.0 billion &#32;of unsecured senior notes (the "2014 Notes") February 2014 and $3.0 billion &#32;of unsecured senior notes three &#32;tranches (collectively, the "2011 Notes") May 2011. used the net proceeds from the issuance the 2011 Notes repay portion our outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. used the net proceeds from the issuance the 2014 Notes for the repayment the portion the principal amount our 2011 Notes which matured May 19, 2014 and for general corporate purposes. The total outstanding Notes are summarized below (in millions): December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Short-Term Portion Long-Term Debt 2.125% Notes due May 19, 2016 1,000 Capital Lease Obligation 225 Total Short-Term Portion Long-Term Debt 1,225 Long-Term Debt 2.125% Notes due May 19, 2016 1,000 3.625% Notes due May 19, 2021 1,000 1,000 3.375% Notes due February 25, 2024 1,000 1,000 Unamortized discount for the Notes above Subtotal 2,992 1,995 Capital Lease Obligation 236 Total Long-Term Debt 3,228 1,995 The effective interest yields the Notes due 2016, 2021, and 2024 were 2.241% 3.734% and 3.377% respectively. Interest the 2011 and 2014 Notes payable semi-annually. The 2011 and 2014 Notes rank equally with each other and with all our other senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time time outstanding. may redeem the 2011 and 2014 Notes any time whole part specified redemption prices. are not subject any financial covenants under the 2011 Notes the 2014 Notes. The total estimated fair value the 2011 and 2014 Notes was approximately $3.1 billion &#32;at both December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 The fair value the outstanding 2011 and 2014 Notes was determined based observable market prices less active markets and categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. August 2013, entered into capital lease obligation certain property expiring 2028. intend exercise the option purchase the property 2016, and such the long term portion the capital lease obligation was reclassified short term. The effective rate the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate. The estimated fair value the capital lease obligation approximated its carrying value December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 December 31, 2015 aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt (including short-term portion long-term debt) and capital lease obligation were follows (in millions): Years Ending 2016 1,225 2017 2018 2019 Thereafter 2,000 Total 3,225 January 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company issue $5.0 billion &#32;of commercial paper from time time and enter into $4.0 billion &#32;revolving credit facility replace Google's existing $3.0 billion &#32;revolving credit facility. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Note Balance Sheet Components &#32; Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, consisted the following (in millions): December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Land and buildings 13,326 16,518 Information technology assets 10,918 13,645 Construction progress 6,555 7,324 Leasehold improvements 1,868 2,576 Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross 32,746 40,146 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (8,863 (11,130 Property and equipment, net 23,883 29,016 Property under capital lease with cost basis $258 million &#32;was included land and buildings December 31, 2015 Prepaid Revenue Share, Expenses and Other Assets, Non-Current Note Receivable connection with the sale our Motorola Mobile business October 29, 2014 (see Note &#32;for additional information), received interest-free, three -year prepayable promissory note (the "Note Receivable") due October 2017 from Lenovo. The Note Receivable included prepaid revenue share, expenses and other assets, non-current, our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Based the general market conditions and the credit quality Lenovo, discounted the Note Receivable effective interest rate 4.5% The outstanding balances are shown the table below (in millions): December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Principal the Note Receivable 1,500 1,448 Less: unamortized discount for the Note Receivable (175 (112 Total 1,325 1,336 December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 did not recognize valuation allowance the Note Receivable. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The components AOCI, net tax, were follows (in millions): Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance December 31, 2012 (73 604 538 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (392 112 (191 Amounts reclassified from AOCI (162 (60 (222 Other comprehensive income (loss) (554 (413 Balance December 31, 2013 125 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance December 31, 2013 125 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (996 505 651 160 Amounts reclassified from AOCI (134 (124 (258 Other comprehensive income (loss) (996 371 527 (98 Balance December 31, 2014 (980 421 586 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance December 31, 2014 (980 421 586 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1,067 (715 676 (1,106 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 208 (1,003 (795 Other comprehensive income (loss) (1,067 (507 (327 (1,901 Balance December 31, 2015 (2,047 (86 259 (1,874 The effects net income amounts reclassified from AOCI were follows (in millions): Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI the Consolidated Statement Income Year Ended December 31, AOCI Components Location 2013 2014 2015 Unrealized gains (losses) available-for-sale investments Other income (expense), net 158 153 (208 Net Income (loss) from discontinued operations Provision for income taxes (39 (19 Net tax 162 134 (208 Unrealized gains cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue 171 1,399 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Provision for income taxes (35 (51 (401 Net tax 124 1,003 Total amount reclassified, net tax 222 258 795 &#32; Note Acquisitions &#32; 2015 Acquisitions bebop Technologies December 2015, completed the acquisition bebop Technologies Inc. (bebop), company with cloud-based development platform focused enterprise applications. The fair value total consideration transferred connection with the close was $272 million which million &#32;was paid cash and $271 million &#32;was paid the form Alphabet Class capital stock. issued total approximately 514 thousand &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. stock relation this acquisition, part which will accounted for compensation expense. The fair value the shares capital stock issued was determined based the closing market price Alphabet's Class capital stock the close date. The Class capital stock issued Alphabet connection with the acquisition was treated capital contribution from Alphabet Google. expect the acquisition will help provide new platform build and maintain enterprise applications. part the acquisition, Diane Greene, the former CEO bebop and member our Board Directors, has joined Google. the total purchase price $272 million $28 million &#32;was cash acquired, $59 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $206 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $21 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed The goodwill $206 million &#32;is primarily attributable the synergies expected arise after the acquisition. Goodwill not expected deductible for tax purposes. Other Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2015 completed other acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $263 million aggregate, million &#32;was cash acquired, $88 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $138 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $33 million &#32;was attributed net assets acquired These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expanding our expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $20 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually aggregate. For all acquisitions and purchases completed during the year ended December 31, 2015 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 4.1 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 4.0 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 6.8 &#32;years. 2014 Acquisitions Nest February 2014, completed the acquisition Nest Labs, Inc. (Nest), company whose mission reinvent devices the home such thermostats and smoke alarms. Prior this transaction, had approximately 12% &#32;ownership interest Nest. The acquisition expected enhance Google's suite products and services and allow Nest continue innovate upon devices the home, making them more useful, intuitive, and thoughtful, and reach more users more countries. the total $2.6 billion &#32;purchase price and the fair value our previously held equity interest $152 million $51 million &#32;was cash acquired, $430 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $2.3 billion &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $84 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed The goodwill $2.3 billion &#32;is primarily attributable synergies expected arise after the acquisition. Goodwill not expected deductible for tax purposes. This transaction considered &#8220;step acquisition&#8221; under GAAP whereby our ownership interest Nest held before the acquisition was remeasured fair value the date the acquisition. Such fair value was estimated using discounted cash flow valuation methodologies. Inputs used the methodologies primarily included projected future cash flows, discounted rate commensurate with the risk involved. The gain $103 million &#32;as result remeasurement included other income (expense), net, our Consolidated Statements Income for the year ended December 31, 2014. Dropcam July 2014, Nest completed the acquisition Dropcam, Inc. (Dropcam), company that enables consumers and businesses monitor their homes and offices via video, for approximately $517 million &#32;in cash. With Dropcam board, Nest expects continue reinvent products that will help shape the future the connected home. the total purchase price $517 million $11 million &#32;was cash acquired, $55 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $452 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed The goodwill $452 million &#32;is primarily attributable synergies expected arise after the acquisition. Goodwill not expected deductible for tax purposes. Skybox August 2014, completed the acquisition Skybox Imaging, Inc. (Skybox), satellite imaging company, for approximately $478 million &#32;in cash. expect the acquisition keep Google Maps accurate with up-to-date imagery and, over time, improve internet access and disaster relief. the total purchase price $478 million million &#32;was cash acquired, $69 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $388 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $15 million &#32; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. was attributed net assets acquired The goodwill $388 million &#32;is primarily attributable the synergies expected arise after the acquisition. Goodwill not expected deductible for tax purposes. Other Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2014 completed other acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $1,466 million which includes the fair value our previously held equity interest $33 million aggregate, $65 million &#32;was cash acquired, $405 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $1,045 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $49 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expanding our expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $55 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually aggregate. For all acquisitions and purchases completed during the year ended December 31, 2014 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 5.1 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 4.5 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 6.9 &#32;years. Note Collaboration Agreement &#32; September 18, 2013, announced the formation Calico, life science company with mission harness advanced technologies increase our understanding the biology that controls lifespan. Calico's results operations and statement financial position are included our consolidated financial statements. December 31, 2015 Google has contributed $240 million &#32;to Calico exchange for Calico convertible preferred units. December 31, 2015 Google has also committed fund additional $490 million &#32;on as-needed basis. September 2014, AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) and Calico announced research and development collaboration intended help both companies discover, develop, and bring market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer. December 31, 2015 AbbVie has contributed $750 million &#32;to fund the collaboration pursuant the agreement, which reflects its total commitment. December 31, 2015 Calico has contributed 250 million &#32;and committed additional 500 million Calico will use its scientific expertise establish world-class research and development facility, with focus drug discovery and early drug development; and AbbVie will provide scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise bring new discoveries market. Both companies will share costs and profits equally. AbbVie's contribution has been recorded liability Calico's financial statements, which reduced and reflected reduction research and development expense eligible research and development costs are incurred Calico over the next few years. Note Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets &#32; Goodwill conjunction with the Alphabet reorganization are implementing new operating structure. Consequently, beginning the fourth quarter 2015, have multiple operating segments and reporting units, representing the individual businesses run separately under the Alphabet structure. Refer Note &#32;for further information. conjunction with the changes reporting units, allocated goodwill each reporting unit based their relative fair values. The changes the carrying amount goodwill allocated our disclosed segments for the years ended December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;were follows (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Other Bets Total Consolidated Balance December 31, 2013 11,492 &#8212; 11,492 Acquisitions 4,208 &#8212; 4,208 Dispositions (43 &#8212; (43 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments (58 &#8212; (58 Balance December 31, 2014 15,599 &#8212; 15,599 Acquisitions 139 &#8212; 139 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments (71 &#8212; (71 Allocation the fourth quarter 2015 (416 416 &#8212; Acquisitions 201 205 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2015 15,456 413 15,869 Other Intangible Assets Information regarding our purchased intangible assets follows (in millions): December 31, 2014 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Patents and developed technology 6,547 2,513 4,034 Customer relationships 1,410 1,168 242 Trade names and other 696 365 331 Total 8,653 4,046 4,607 December 31, 2015 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Patents and developed technology 6,592 3,213 3,379 Customer relationships 1,343 1,201 142 Trade names and other 795 469 326 Total 8,730 4,883 3,847 Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful lives from the date purchase 7.8 &#32;years, 6.0 &#32;years, and 5.4 &#32;years, respectively. Amortization expense relating our purchased intangible assets was $1,011 million $1,079 million and $892 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 During the year ended December 31, 2014, recorded impairment charge other cost revenues $378 million &#32;related patent licensing royalty asset acquired connection with the Motorola acquisition, which retained subsequent the sale Motorola Mobile. The asset was determined impaired due prolonged decreased royalty payments and unpaid interest owed and was written down its fair value. Fair value was determined based discounted cash flow method and reflects estimated future cash flows associated with the patent licensing royalty asset the measurement date and falls within level fair value hierarchy. Impairments intangible assets were not material for the year ended December 31, 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. December 31, 2015 expected amortization expense for our purchased intangible assets for each the next five years and thereafter was follows (in millions): 2016 806 2017 724 2018 637 2019 528 2020 434 Thereafter 718 3,847 Note Discontinued Operations &#32; Motorola Mobile October 29, 2014, closed the sale the Motorola Mobile business Lenovo for total purchase price approximately $2.9 billion including $1.4 billion &#32;paid close, comprised $660 million &#32;in cash and $750 million &#32;in Lenovo ordinary shares 519.1 million &#32;shares). The remaining $1.5 billion &#32;was paid the form interest-free, three -year prepayable promissory note. maintain ownership the vast majority the Motorola Mobile patent portfolio, including pre-closing patent applications and invention disclosures, which licensed Motorola Mobile for its continued operations. Additionally, connection with the sale, agreed indemnify Lenovo for certain potential liabilities the Motorola Mobile business, for which recorded indemnification liability $130 million The sale resulted gain $740 million net tax, which was presented part net income from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income for the year ended December 31, 2014. Incremental this net gain, recognized additional income $254 million net tax, connection with certain licensing arrangements between the parties, included part net income from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income for the year ended December 31, 2014. The financial results Motorola Mobile through the date divestiture are presented net income (loss) from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income. The following table presents financial results the Motorola Mobile business included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 (1) Revenues 4,306 5,486 Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (1,403 (177 Benefits from/(Provision for) income taxes 270 (47 Gain disposal 740 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations (1,133 516 (1) The operating results Motorola Mobile were included our Consolidated Statements Income from January 2014 through October 29, 2014, the date divestiture. &#32; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts the major classes assets and liabilities divested (in millions): Assets: Cash and cash equivalents 160 Accounts receivable 1,103 Inventories 217 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 357 Prepaid expenses and other assets, non-current 290 Property and equipment, net 542 Intangible assets, net 985 Goodwill Total assets 3,697 Liabilities: Accounts payable 1,238 Accrued compensation and benefits 163 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue, current 165 Other long-term liabilities 250 Total liabilities 1,826 Motorola Home April 17, 2013, sold the Motorola Home business Arris for consideration approximately $2,412 million &#32;in cash, including cash $2,238 million &#32;received the date close and certain post-close adjustments $174 million &#32;received the third quarter 2013, and approximately $175 million &#32;in Arris' common stock 10.6 million &#32;shares). Subsequent the transaction, own approximately 7.8% &#32;of the outstanding shares Arris. Additionally, connection with the disposition, agreed indemnify Arris for potential liability from certain intellectual property infringement litigation, for which recorded indemnification liability $175 million the majority which was settled subsequent the disposition. The disposition resulted net gain $757 million which was presented part net income from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statements Income for the year ended December 31, 2013. The financial results Motorola Home through the date divestiture are presented net income (loss) from discontinued operations the Consolidated Statement Income. The following table presents financial results the Motorola Home business included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 (1) Revenues 804 Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes (67 Benefits from income taxes Gain disposal 757 Net income from discontinued operations 706 (1) The operating results Motorola Home were included our Consolidated Statements Income from January 2013 through April 17, 2013, the date divestiture. &#32; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts the major classes assets and liabilities divested (in millions): Assets: Accounts receivable 424 Inventories 228 Deferred income taxes, net 144 Prepaid and other current assets 152 Property and equipment, net 282 Intangible assets, net 701 Other assets, non-current 182 Total assets 2,113 Liabilities: Accounts payable 169 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 289 Total liabilities 458 Note 10. Other Income (Expense), Net &#32; The components other income (expense), net, were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Interest income 766 746 999 Interest expense (81 (101 (104 Gain (loss) marketable securities, net 158 153 (208 Foreign currency exchange losses, net (1) (379 (402 (422 Gain (loss) non-marketable investments, net 237 (126 Loss divestiture businesses (2) (57 Other 130 152 Other income (expense), net 496 763 291 (1) Our foreign currency exchange losses,net are related the option premium costs and forward points for our foreign currency hedging contracts, our foreign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion the transaction currency the functional currency, offset the foreign currency hedging contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were $121 million $107 million and $123 million &#32;in 2013 2014 and 2015 respectively. (2) Gain divestiture Motorola Home business was included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2013. Gain divestiture Motorola Mobile business was included net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies &#32; Operating Leases have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain our offices, facilities, land, and data centers throughout the world with original lease periods expiring primarily between 2016 &#32;and 2063 are committed pay portion the actual operating expenses under certain these lease agreements. These operating expenses are not included the table below. Certain these arrangements have free escalating rent payment provisions. recognize rent expense under such arrangements straight-line basis. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. December 31, 2015 future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, net sublease income amounts, were follows over each the next five years and thereafter (in millions): Operating Leases Sub-lease Income Net Operating Leases 2016 672 646 2017 794 781 2018 796 792 2019 769 766 2020 719 716 Thereafter 3,706 3,705 Total minimum payments 7,456 7,406 Certain leases have adjustments for market provisions. Amounts the above table represent our best estimates future payments made under these leases. entered into certain non-cancelable lease agreements with original lease periods expiring between 2021 and 2032 where are the deemed owner for accounting purposes new construction projects. Future minimum lease payments under such leases total approximately $678 million which $422 million &#32;is included the Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2015 These amounts are presented asset and corresponding non-current liability, which represents our estimate construction costs incurred date. They have been excluded from the table above. Rent expense under operating leases, including co-location arrangements, was $465 million $570 million and $734 million &#32;in 2013 2014 and 2015 Purchase Obligations December 31, 2015 had $1.7 billion &#32;of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related data center operations and facility build-outs, video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, well certain inventory purchase commitments. Letters Credit December 31, 2015 had unused letters credit for $752 million Indemnifications the normal course business, facilitate transactions our services and products, indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network Members, and lessors with respect certain matters. have agreed hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from breach representations covenants, out intellectual property infringement other claims made against certain parties. Several these agreements limit the time within which indemnification claim can made and the amount the claim. addition, have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations our agents. not possible make reasonable estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due the unique facts and circumstances involved each particular agreement. Additionally, have limited history prior indemnification claims and the payments have made under such agreements have not had material adverse effect our results operations, cash flows, financial position. However, the extent that valid indemnification claims arise the future, future payments could significant and could have material adverse effect our results operations cash flows particular period. December 31, 2015 did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable reasonably possible. part the sale Motorola Home and Motorola Mobile businesses, issued indemnifications for certain potential liabilities. Please see Note &#32;for additional information. Legal Matters Antitrust Investigations November 30, 2010, the European Commission's (EC) Directorate General for Competition opened investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us. April 15, 2015, the issued Statement Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Objections (SO) regarding the display and ranking shopping search results. The also opened formal investigation into Android. responded the August 27, 2015 and will continue cooperate with the EC. The Comision Nacional Defensa Competencia Argentina, the Competition Commission India (CCI), Brazil's Council for Economic Defense (CADE), the Canadian Competition Bureau (CCB), and the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) the Russian Federation have also opened investigations into certain our business practices. August 2015, received the CCI Director General's report with interim findings competition law infringements regarding search and ads. September 2015, FAS found that there has been competition law infringement Android mobile distribution. will respond the CCI's report and have filed appeal the FAS decision. July 2015, the Taiwan Fair Trade Commission informed that was closing its antitrust investigations our business practices. The state attorney general from Mississippi issued subpoenas 2011 and 2012 antitrust investigation our business practices. have responded those subpoenas, and remain willing cooperate with them they have any further information requests. Patent and Intellectual Property Claims have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Adverse results these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices, and require development non-infringing products technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become important forum litigate intellectual property disputes because ultimate loss for company its suppliers ITC action could result prohibition importing infringing products into the U.S. Since the U.S. important market, prohibition importation could have adverse effect us, including preventing from importing many important products into the U.S. necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features our products. Furthermore, many our agreements with our customers and partners require indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs result defending such claims, and may require that pay significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Our customers and partners may discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely impact our business. Other are also regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition (such the pending investigations described above), intellectual property, privacy, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings could result fines, civil criminal penalties, other adverse consequences. Certain our outstanding legal matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss. evaluate, monthly basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both likelihood there being and the estimated amount loss related such matters. With respect our outstanding legal matters, based our current knowledge, believe that the amount range reasonably possible loss will not, either individually the aggregate, have material adverse effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. However, the outcome such legal matters inherently unpredictable and subject significant uncertainties. expense legal fees the period which they are incurred. Taxes are under audit the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards income tax and indirect tax matters. have reserved for potential adjustments our provision for income taxes and accrual indirect taxes that may result from examinations by, any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities, and believe that the final outcome these examinations agreements will not have Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. material effect our results operations. events occur which indicate payment these amounts unnecessary, the reversal the liabilities would result the recognition benefits the period determine the liabilities are longer necessary. our estimates the federal, state, and foreign income tax liabilities and indirect tax liabilities are less than the ultimate assessment, would result further charge expense. Please see Note &#32;for additional information regarding contingencies related our income taxes. Note 12. Net Income Per Share Alphabet compute net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock using the two-class method. Basic net income per share computed using the weighted-average number common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share computed using the weighted-average number common shares and the effect potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, and other contingently issuable shares reflected diluted earnings per share application the treasury stock method. The computation the diluted net income per share Class common stock assumes the conversion Class common stock, while the diluted net income per share Class common stock does not assume the conversion those shares. The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, the holders our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Further, there are number safeguards built into our certificate incorporation, well Delaware law, which preclude our board directors from declaring paying unequal per share dividends our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments our certificate incorporation which would have the effect adversely altering the rights, powers, preferences given class stock must approved the class stock adversely affected the proposed amendment. addition, our certificate incorporation provides that before any such amendment may put stockholder vote, must approved the unanimous consent our board directors. result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based the contractual participation rights the Class and Class common shares and Class capital stock the earnings for the year had been distributed. the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated proportionate basis. The net income per share amounts are the same for Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock because the holders each class are legally entitled equal per share distributions whether through dividends liquidation. Further, assume the conversion Class common stock the computation the diluted net income per share Class common stock, the undistributed earnings are equal net income for that computation. Stock Split Effected Form Stock Dividend January 2014, our board directors approved the distribution shares Class capital stock dividend our holders Class and Class common stock (the Stock Split). The Stock Split had record date March 27, 2014 and payment date April 2014. the second quarter 2015, accordance with settlement litigation involving the authorization distribute Class capital stock, the close trading April 2015, the last trading day the 365 day period following the first date the Class shares traded NASDAQ (Lookback Period), determined that payment (the Adjustment Payment) the amount $522 million was due Class capital stockholders. The amount the Adjustment Payment was based the percentage difference that developed between the volume-weighted average price Class and Class shares during the Lookback Period, supplied NASDAQ Data-on-Demand, and was payable holders Class capital stock the end the Lookback Period cash, Class common stock, Class capital stock, combination thereof, the discretion our board directors. April 22, 2015, our board directors approved the Adjustment Payment shares Class capital stock, and cash lieu any fractional shares Class capital stock. May 2015, the Adjustment Payment was made, resulting the issuance approximately 853 thousand shares Class capital stock, with $475 million &#32;reflected additional-paid capital and $47 million cash lieu fractional shares Class capital stock. the year ended December 31, 2015, the Adjustment Payment was allocated the numerator for calculating net income per share Class capital stock from net income available all stockholders and the remaining undistributed earnings were allocated pro rata basis Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock based the number shares used the per share computation for each class stock. The weighted-average share impact the Adjustment Payment included the denominator both basic and diluted net income per share computations for the year ended December 31, 2015. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock because the holders each class are entitled equal per share dividends distributions liquidation accordance with our Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Alphabet Inc. The par value per share our shares Class and Class common stock remained unchanged $0.001 &#32;per share after the Stock Split. the effective date the Stock Split, transfer between retained earnings and common stock occurred amount equal the $0.001 &#32;par value the Class capital stock that was issued. Share and per share amounts for the prior periods presented below have been retroactively adjusted reflect the Stock Split. Computation Net Income Per Share The following table sets forth the computation basic and diluted net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands and per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2013 Class Class Class Basic net income (loss) per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 5,407 1,173 6,580 Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations (175 (38 (214 Total 5,232 1,135 6,366 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 273,518 59,328 332,846 Basic net income (loss) per share: Continuing operations 19.77 19.77 19.77 Discontinued operations (0.64 (0.64 (0.64 Basic net income per share 19.13 19.13 19.13 Diluted net income (loss) per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation continuing operations 5,407 1,173 6,580 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,173 Reallocation undistributed earnings (21 Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 6,580 1,152 6,580 Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation discontinued operations (175 (38 (214 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares (38 Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations (214 (37 (213 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 273,518 59,328 332,846 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 59,328 Employee stock options 2,748 2,748 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 3,215 3,215 Number shares used per share computation 338,809 59,332 338,809 Diluted net income (loss) per share: Continuing operations 19.42 19.42 19.42 Discontinued operations (0.63 (0.63 (0.63 Diluted net income per share 18.79 18.79 18.79 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2014 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 5,700 1,107 6,813 Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations 216 258 Total 5,916 1,149 7,071 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 282,877 54,928 338,130 Basic net income per share: Continuing operations 20.15 20.15 20.15 Discontinued operations 0.76 0.76 0.76 Basic net income per share 20.91 20.91 20.91 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation continuing operations 5,700 1,107 6,813 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,107 Reallocation undistributed earnings (20 (18 Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 6,787 1,089 6,833 Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation discontinued operations 216 258 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations 257 259 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 282,877 54,928 338,130 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 54,928 Employee stock options 2,057 2,038 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,515 4,525 Number shares used per share computation 342,377 54,928 344,693 Diluted net income per share: Continuing operations 19.82 19.82 19.82 Discontinued operations 0.75 0.75 0.75 Diluted net income per share 20.57 20.57 20.57 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2015 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders continuing operations 522 Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 6,695 1,196 7,935 Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations Total 6,695 1,196 8,457 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 289,640 51,745 343,241 Basic net income per share: Continuing operations 23.11 23.11 24.63 Discontinued operations 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share 23.11 23.11 24.63 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders continuing operations 522 Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation continuing operations 6,695 1,196 7,935 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,196 Reallocation undistributed earnings (39 (14 Allocation undistributed earnings continuing operations 7,852 1,182 7,974 Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation discontinued operations Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings discontinued operations Denominator Number shares used basic computation 289,640 51,745 343,241 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 51,745 Employee stock options 1,475 1,428 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 920 4,481 Number shares used per share computation 343,780 51,745 349,150 Diluted net income per share: Continuing operations 22.84 22.84 24.34 Discontinued operations 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share 22.84 22.84 24.34 Google Net income per share for Google not required its shares are not publicly traded. Note 13. Stockholders&#8217; Equity &#32; Alphabet Reorganization October 2015, Google implemented legal reorganization, which resulted Alphabet owning all the outstanding stock Google. Consequently, Google became direct, wholly owned subsidiary Alphabet. Each share each class Google stock issued and outstanding immediately prior the legal reorganization automatically converted into equivalent corresponding share Alphabet stock, and Google&#8217;s stockholders immediately prior the consummation the legal reorganization became stockholders Alphabet. result the reorganization, October 2015, the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Google was amended decrease the authorized number shares Class common stock, Class common Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. stock and Class capital stock, par value $0.001 &#32;per share, from billion &#32;shares, billion shares and billion &#32;shares, respectively, 500 &#32;shares each class stock, respectively. Additionally, the authorized number shares preferred stock, par value $0.001 &#32;per share, was decreased from 100 million shares 500 &#32;shares. December 31, 2015 Google had 100 &#32;shares Class common stock, 100 &#32;shares Class common stock, and 100 &#32;shares Class capital stock outstanding, which Alphabet was the sole owner. Alphabet Convertible Preferred Stock Our board directors has authorized 100 million &#32;shares convertible preferred stock, $0.001 &#32;par value, issuable series. December 31, &#32; 2014 &#32;and 2015 there were &#32;shares issued outstanding. Alphabet Class and Class Common Stock and Class Capital Stock Our board directors has authorized three &#32;classes stock, Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock. The rights the holders each class our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Each share Class common stock entitled one &#32;vote per share. Each share Class common stock entitled &#32;votes per share. Class capital stock has &#32;voting rights, except required applicable law. Shares Class common stock may converted any time the option the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale transfer Class common stock. Stock Plans result the Alphabet reorganization, October 2015, Google transferred Alphabet, and Alphabet assumed, sponsorship all Google's stock plans along with all Google's rights and obligations under each plan. During the year ended December 31, &#32; 2014 shares reserved for future grants under the 2004 Stock Plan expired and began granting awards from the 2012 Stock Plan (&#8220;Stock Plan&#8221;). Under our Stock Plan, RSUs stock options may granted. RSU award agreement issue shares our publicly traded stock the time the award vests. Incentive and non-qualified stock options, rights purchase common stock, are generally granted for term &#32;years. Options and RSUs granted participants under the Stock Plan generally vest over four &#32;years contingent upon employment service with the vesting date. December 31, 2015 there were 23,336,944 &#32;shares stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan. Stock-Based Compensation The following table presents our aggregate stock-based compensation expense type costs and expenses per the Consolidated Statements Income (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Cost revenues 469 535 806 Research and development 1,641 2,200 2,687 Sales and marketing 552 715 899 General and administrative 465 725 861 Discontinued operations 216 104 Total stock-based compensation expense 3,343 4,279 5,253 For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 and 2015 recognized tax benefits total stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations $685 million $867 million and $1,133 million respectively, and from discontinued operations $59 million $30 million &#32;and million respectively. addition, result the Tax Court ruling Altera Corp. Commissioner, have recorded tax benefit $522 million &#32;related 2015 stock-based compensation expense that will subject reimbursement cost share payments the tax court's opinion sustained. Refer Note &#32;for more detail regarding the Altera case. the total stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations recognized the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 and 2015 million million and $50 million respectively, was associated with awards ultimately settled cash. Awards which will ultimately settled cash are classified liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Stock-based compensation associated with Alphabet equity awards granted Google employees the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015, was treated capital contribution from Alphabet Google. Stock-based Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. compensation associated with equity awards for the years ended December 31, &#32; 2013 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;are presented stock-based compensation expense Alphabet's and Google's Consolidated Statements Stockholders' Equity. Alphabet Stock-Based Award Activities The following table summarizes the activities for our options for the year ended December 31, 2015 Options Outstanding Number Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions) (1) Balance December 31, 2014 7,240,419 215.56 Granted N/A Exercised (2,072,550 189.64 Forfeited/canceled (268,886 310.47 Balance December 31, 2015 4,898,983 221.31 3.7 2,682 Exercisable December 31, 2015 4,462,847 212.02 3.4 2,484 Exercisable December 31, 2015 and expected vest thereafter (2) 4,846,996 220.29 3.6 2,658 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value calculated the difference between the exercise price the underlying awards and the closing stock prices $778.01 &#32;and $758.88 &#32;of our Class common stock and Class capital stock, respectively, December 31, 2015 (2) Options expected vest reflect estimated forfeiture rate. The total grant date fair value stock options vested during 2013 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;was $223 million $94 million and $33 million The aggregate intrinsic value all options and warrants exercised during 2013 2014 &#32;and 2015 &#32;was $1,793 million $589 million and $867 million These amounts not include the aggregate sales price options sold under our Transferable Stock Options (TSO) program, which was discontinued November 29, 2013. December 31, 2015 there was $12 million &#32;of unrecognized compensation cost related outstanding employee stock options. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period 0.6 years the extent the actual forfeiture rate different from what have estimated, stock-based compensation expense related these awards will different from our expectations. The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2015 Unvested Restricted Stock Units Number Shares Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value Unvested December 31, 2014 24,619,549 487.80 Granted 14,415,740 546.46 Vested (11,182,606 442.01 Forfeited/canceled (2,111,497 481.37 Unvested December 31, 2015 25,741,186 531.74 Expected vest after December 31, 2015 (1) 22,672,837 531.74 (1) RSUs expected vest reflect estimated forfeiture rate. December 31, 2015 there was $11.1 billion &#32;of unrecognized compensation cost related unvested RSUs. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period 2.7 years the extent the actual forfeiture rate different from what have estimated, stock-based compensation expense related these awards will different from our expectations. Share Repurchases October 2015, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $5,099,019,513.59 &#32;of its Class capital stock, commencing the fourth quarter 2015. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through the use 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. December 31, 2015 repurchased and subsequently retired approximately 2,391 thousand &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount approximately $1,780 million Alphabet's share repurchases the year ended December 31, 2015 &#32;were funded Google via return capital Alphabet. January 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional amount approximately 514 thousand &#32;shares. Google Stockholders' Equity result the Alphabet reorganization, Google has recorded various intercompany activities during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015 &#32;as capital transactions, which are reflected Google's Consolidated Statements Stockholders' Equity. Refer Stock-Based Compensation and Share Repurchases section above, and Note for descriptions certain activities. Additionally, subsequent the reorganization, shares withheld satisfy employee withholding tax obligations and cash received from the exercise stock options were recorded capital transactions between Alphabet and Google and are reflected such Google's Consolidated Statements Stockholders' Equity. Note 14. 401(k) Plans &#32; have two &#32;401(k) Savings Plans (401(k) Plans) that qualify deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) the Internal Revenue Code. Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount the employees&#8217; contributions subject certain limitations. contributed approximately $202 million $259 million and $309 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 Note 15. Income Taxes &#32; Income from continuing operations before income taxes included income from domestic operations $7,651 million $8,894 million and $8,271 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 and income from foreign operations $8,248 million $8,365 million and $11,380 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 The provision for income taxes consists the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Current: Federal 2,394 2,716 3,235 State 127 157 (397 Foreign 711 774 723 Total 3,232 3,647 3,561 Deferred: Federal (421 (198 State (43 Foreign (72 (43 (17 Total (493 (258 Provision for income taxes 2,739 3,639 3,303 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The reconciliation federal statutory income tax rate our effective income tax rate follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Expected provision federal statutory tax rate (35%) 5,567 6,041 6,878 State taxes, net federal benefit 133 132 (291 Change valuation allowance (641 (164 (65 Foreign rate differential (2,482 (2,109 (2,624 Federal research credit (433 (318 (407 Basis difference investment Arris 644 Other adjustments (49 (188 Provision for income taxes 2,739 3,639 3,303 retroactive and permanent reinstatement the federal research credit was signed into law December 18, 2015 accordance with the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act 2015. such, our effective tax rate for 2015 reflects the benefit the 2015 federal research and development tax credit. retroactive extension the 2012 federal research and development credit was signed into law January 2013 accordance with The American Taxpayer Act 2012. The benefit $189 million &#32;related the 2012 federal research and development credit included the year ended December 31, 2013. Our effective tax rate for 2015 included discrete tax benefit related refunds and reductions uncertain tax positions due the resolution multi-year tax audit the U.S. Our effective tax rate impacted earnings realized foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lower than the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all the income from foreign operations was earned Irish subsidiary. have not provided U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes the undistributed earnings foreign subsidiaries December 31, 2015 &#32;because intend permanently reinvest such earnings outside the U.S. these foreign earnings were repatriated the future, the related U.S. tax liability may reduced any foreign income taxes previously paid these earnings. December 31, 2015 the cumulative amount earnings upon which U.S. income taxes have not been provided approximately $58.3 billion Determination the amount unrecognized deferred tax liability related these earnings not practicable. July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, opinion Altera Corp. Commissioner, invalidated the portion the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants cost sharing arrangement share stock-based compensation costs. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision December 28, 2015. The government has days from the final decision date file notice appeal. this time, the U.S. Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement include stock-based compensation from its regulations. have evaluated the opinion and have recorded tax benefit $3.5 billion &#32;related reimbursement cost share payments for the previously shared stock-based compensation costs. addition, have recorded tax liability $3.5 billion &#32;for the U.S. tax cost potential repatriation the associated contingent foreign earnings because this time cannot reasonably conclude that the Company has the ability and the intent indefinitely reinvest these contingent earnings. The net impact our consolidated financial statements not material. will continue monitor developments related the case and the potential impact our consolidated financial statements. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects temporary differences between the carrying amounts assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components our deferred tax assets and liabilities are follows (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. December 31, 2014 2015 Deferred tax assets: Stock-based compensation expense 376 534 State taxes 133 119 Investment loss 133 144 Legal settlement accruals 175 101 Accrued employee benefits 671 832 Accruals and reserves not currently deductible 175 245 Net operating losses 207 230 Tax credits 262 503 Basis difference investment Arris 1,347 1,357 Prepaid cost sharing 3,468 Other 243 337 Total deferred tax assets 3,722 7,870 Valuation allowance (1,659 (1,732 Total deferred tax assets net valuation allowance 2,063 6,138 Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization (852 (1,126 Identified intangibles (965 (787 Mark-to-market investments (273 (93 Renewable energy investments (430 (529 Foreign earnings (3,468 Other (125 (73 Total deferred tax liabilities (2,645 (6,076 Net deferred tax liabilities (582 December 31, 2015 our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $482 million &#32;and $443 million not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2016. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject various annual limitations under the tax laws the different jurisdictions. Our foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were $263 million &#32;that can carried over indefinitely. December 31, 2015 our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $1,044 million &#32;that can carried over indefinitely. believe the state tax credit not likely realized. Our foreign tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $223 million &#32;that will start expire 2025. believe more likely than not that all the foreign tax credit will realized. December 31, 2015 maintained valuation allowance with respect certain our deferred tax assets relating primarily investment losses that are capital nature, California deferred tax assets, and certain foreign net operating losses that believe are not likely realized. established deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis difference our investments Arris shares received from the sale the Motorola Home business Arris 2013. Since any future losses recognized upon the sale Arris shares will capital losses, valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset the extent such deferred tax asset not covered capital gains generated 2015. reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and future evidence allows for partial full release the valuation allowance, tax benefit will recorded accordingly. result the Altera opinion, have recorded deferred tax asset $3.5 billion &#32;and deferred tax liability $3.5 billion Refer above for more details the Altera case. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes the activity related our gross unrecognized tax benefits from January 2013 December 31, 2015 &#32;(in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Balance January 2013 1,907 Increases related prior year tax positions 158 Decreases related prior year tax positions (37 Decreases related settlement with tax authorities (78 Increases related current year tax positions 552 Balance December 31, 2013 2,502 Increases related prior year tax positions Decreases related prior year tax positions (44 Decreases related settlement with tax authorities Increases related current year tax positions 771 Balance December 31, 2014 3,294 Increases related prior year tax positions 224 Decreases related prior year tax positions (176 Decreases related settlement with tax authorities (27 Increases related current year tax positions 852 Balance December 31, 2015 4,167 The total amount gross unrecognized tax benefits was $2,502 million $3,294 million and $4,167 million &#32;as December 31, 2013 2014 and 2015 respectively, which, $2,309 million $2,909 million and $3,614 million recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. December 31, 2014 &#32;and 2015 had accrued $239 million &#32;and $348 million &#32;in interest and penalties provision for income taxes. file income tax returns the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two &#32;major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS completed its examination our 2003 through 2006 tax years; all issues have been settled except for one &#32;which have filed appeal with the IRS and plan litigate court. The IRS currently examination our 2007 through 2012 tax years. have also received tax assessments multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. continue defend any and all such claims presented. Our 2013, 2014, and 2015 tax years remain subject examination the IRS for U.S. federal tax purposes, and our 2011 through 2015 tax years remain subject examination the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits various other jurisdictions that are not material our financial statements. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations various taxing jurisdictions. believe that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome tax audits cannot predicted with certainty. any issues addressed our tax audits are resolved manner not consistent with management's expectations, could required adjust our provision for income taxes the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing resolution, settlement, closure audits not certain, not believe reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change the next months. Note 16. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas &#32; conjunction with the Alphabet reorganization, the fourth quarter 2015, implemented legal and operational changes how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) manages our businesses, including resource allocation and performance assessment. Consequently, have multiple operating segments, representing the individual businesses run separately under the Alphabet structure. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the operating segments are combined and disclosed below Other Bets. All prior-period amounts have been adjusted retrospectively reflect the reportable segment change. Our reported segments are described below: Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main internet products such Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play well hardware products sell, such Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus. Our technical infrastructure and newer efforts like Virtual Reality are also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising, sales digital content, apps and cloud services, well sales Google branded hardware. &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, and other initiatives. Revenues from the Other Bets derived primarily through the sales Nest hardware products, internet and services through Google Fiber and licensing and R&D services through Verily. Revenue, cost revenue, and operating expenses are generally directly attributed our segments. Inter-segment revenues are not presented separately, these amounts are immaterial. Our CODM does not evaluate operating segments using asset information. Information about segments during the periods presented were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Revenues: Google 55,507 65,674 74,541 Other Bets 327 448 Total revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Segment operating income (loss): Google 16,260 19,011 23,425 Other Bets (527 (1,942 (3,567 Reconciling items (1) (330 (573 (498 Total income from operations 15,403 16,496 19,360 (1) Reconciling items are primarily related corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments. Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Capital expenditures: Google 7,006 11,173 8,849 Other Bets 187 501 869 Reconciling items (2) 165 (715 197 Total capital expenditures presented Consolidated Statements Cash Flow 7,358 10,959 9,915 (2) Reconciling items are primarily related timing differences payments segment capital expenditures are accrual basis while total capital expenditures shown the Consolidated Statements Cash Flow are cash basis, capital expenditures Motorola Mobile and Home, and other miscellaneous differences. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Stock-based compensation and depreciation, amortization and impairment are included segment operating income (loss) below (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Stock-based compensation: Google 2,911 3,677 4,587 Other Bets 124 347 498 Reconciling items (3) 151 118 Total stock based compensation, excluding discontinued operations (4) 3,127 4,175 5,203 Depreciation, amortization and impairment: Google 3,668 4,778 4,839 Other Bets 148 203 Reconciling items (5) 247 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment presented Consolidated Statements Cash Flow 3,939 4,979 5,063 (3) Reconciling items represent corporate administrative costs that are not allocated individual segments. (4) For purposes segment reporting, define SBC awards accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 718 that expect settle stock. SBC does not include expenses related awards that will ultimately settle cash. Amounts exclude SBC from discontinued operations (5) Reconciling items primarily represent depreciation, amortization and impairment related Motorola Mobile and Motorola Home. Revenues geography are based the billing addresses our customers. The following tables set forth revenues and long-lived assets geographic area (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 Revenues: United States 25,587 29,482 34,810 United Kingdom 5,600 6,483 7,067 Rest the world 24,332 30,036 33,112 Total revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 December 31, 2014 December 31, 2015 Long-lived assets: United States 37,421 43,686 International 13,110 13,661 Total long-lived assets 50,531 57,347 Note 17. Revision Previously Issued Financial Statements &#32; the second quarter 2015, identified incorrect classification certain revenues between legal entities, and consequence, revised our income tax expense for periods beginning 2008 through the first quarter 2015 the cumulative amount $711 million have evaluated the materiality the income tax expense impact quantitatively and qualitatively and concluded was not material any the prior periods impacted and that correction income tax expense out period adjustment the quarter ended June 30, 2015 not material our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. Consolidated revenues are not impacted. elected revise previously issued consolidated financial statements contained within this Annual Report Form 10-K for the periods impacted correct the effect this immaterial income tax expense underaccrual for the corresponding periods. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents the impact these corrections affected Consolidated Balance Sheet line items December 31, 2014 (in millions): December 31, 2014 Previously Reported (1) Adjustment Revised Selected Balance Sheets Data: Income tax receivable, net 1,298 (707 591 Total current assets 79,363 (707 78,656 Total assets 129,894 (707 129,187 Income taxes payable, non-current 3,407 (67 3,340 Retained earnings 75,706 (640 75,066 Total stockholders' equity 104,500 (640 103,860 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 129,894 (707 129,187 (1) Includes reclassifications deferred tax assets and liabilities related ASU 2015-17 &#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification Deferred Taxes.&#8221; Refer Note for further information. The following table presents the impact these corrections affected Consolidated Statements Income line items, including net income per share amounts for Class and common stock and Class capital stock, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (in millions, except per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2013 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Selected Statements Income Data: Provision for income taxes 2,552 187 2,739 3,331 308 3,639 Net income from continuing operations 13,347 (187 13,160 13,928 (308 13,620 Net income 12,920 (187 12,733 14,444 (308 14,136 Basic net income per share from continuing operations 20.05 (0.28 19.77 20.61 (0.46 20.15 Basic net income per share 19.41 (0.28 19.13 21.37 (0.46 20.91 Diluted net income per share from continuing operations 19.70 (0.28 19.42 20.27 (0.45 19.82 Diluted net income per share 19.07 (0.28 18.79 21.02 (0.45 20.57 The following table presents the impact these corrections affected Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income line items for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Selected Statements Comprehensive Income Data: Net income 12,920 (187 12,733 14,444 (308 14,136 Comprehensive income 12,507 (187 12,320 14,346 (308 14,038 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The following table presents the impact these corrections affected Consolidated Statements Cash Flows line items for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2013 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Previously Reported Adjustment Revised Selected Statements Cash Flows Data: Net income 12,920 (187 12,733 14,444 (308 14,136 Changes income taxes, net 401 187 588 283 308 591 ITEM CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Alphabet Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2015 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were changes our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 &#32;that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2015 Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 &#32;has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Google Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2015 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were changes our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 &#32;that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2015 Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2015 &#32;has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION February 11, 2016, announced the appointment James Campbell our Alphabet Corporate Controller, effective February 16, 2016. Jim, age 60, most recently held the position Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller Intel Corporation (from 2004 2016) where was responsible for global accounting, financial services and financial reporting. Previously, Jim was based Europe, responsible for Intel's international finance operations. has also been manager Intel's Financial Information Systems, responsible for designing, developing and implementing Intel's internally used financial applications. addition, has served Asia regional audit manager, Microprocessor Group controller and European Controller. Jim was Intel for over years and also led and managed the international controllers responsible for financial services, statutory compliance and business support. Jim received his bachelor's degree business and accounting from California State University, Hayward. holds CPA license and member the Financial Executives Committee Corporate Reporting (CCR), the Executive Committee CCR, the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF), the PCAOB Standing Advisory Group (Emeritus), the Portland State University Graduate School Business Advisory Board and serves the Board Trustees Portland Chapter World Affairs Council. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. The material terms Jim's compensation are follows: &#8226; Salary: $475,000 &#8226; Equity: &#9702; $3.5 million equity grant (Initial Grant) made shortly after hire vesting monthly over months &#9702; $3.5 million equity grant made 2017, start vesting monthly over months upon the full vest the Initial Grant &#8226; $250,000 sign-on bonus, subject pro-rated repayment employment ends within the first months Jim will also eligible participate the compensation and benefit programs generally available Google's officers. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8221; our Proxy Statement for 2016 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders filed with the SEC within 120 days the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 &#32;(2016 Proxy Statement) and incorporated herein reference. The information required this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K will included under the caption &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; the 2016 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Director Compensation,&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance &#8212; Corporate Governance and Board Matters &#8212; Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; the 2016 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Common Stock Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#8221; and &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; 2016 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance &#8212; Corporate Governance and Board Matters &#8212; Director Independence&#8221; the 2016 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; the 2016 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. 100 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. PART ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) have filed the following documents part this Annual Report Form 10-K: Consolidated Financial Statements Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements Alphabet Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Financial Statements Google Inc.: Google Balance Sheets Google Statements Income Google Statements Comprehensive Income Google Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Google Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts The table below details the activity the allowance for doubtful accounts for the three years ended December 31, 2015 (in millions): Balance Beginning Year Additions Usage Balance End Year (In millions) Year ended December 31, 2013 581 1,128 (1,078 631 Year ended December 31, 2014 631 1,240 (1,646 225 Year ended December 31, 2015 225 579 (508 296 Note: Additions the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged expense. Additions the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, additions included the impact from the Motorola acquisition. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, usages include the impact from the sale Motorola Home and Mobile businesses, respectively. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, the required information otherwise included. Exhibits See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K. 101 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 11, 2016 &#32; ALPHABET INC. By: ARRY AGE Larry Page Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer Alphabet Inc.) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Larry Page and Ruth Porat, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Signature Title Date ARRY AGE Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Director (Principal Executive Officer Alphabet Inc.) February 11, 2016 Larry Page UTH ORAT Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Alphabet Inc.) February 11, 2016 Ruth Porat RIC CHMIDT Executive Chairman February 11, 2016 Eric Schmidt ERGEY RIN President, Co-Founder and Director February 11, 2016 Sergey Brin OHN OERR Director February 11, 2016 John Doerr IANE REENE Director February 11, 2016 Diane Greene OHN ENNESSY Director February 11, 2016 John Hennessy ATHER Director February 11, 2016 Ann Mather LAN ULALLY Director February 11, 2016 Alan Mulally AUL TELLINI Director February 11, 2016 Paul Otellini HRIRAM Director February 11, 2016 Ram Shriram HIRLEY ILGHMAN Director February 11, 2016 Shirley Tilghman Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 11, 2016 &#32; GOOGLE INC. By: UNDAR ICHAI Sundar Pichai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer Google Inc.) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sundar Pichai and Ruth Porat, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Signature Title Date UNDAR ICHAI Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer Google Inc.) February 11, 2016 Sundar Pichai UTH ORAT Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Google Inc.) February 11, 2016 Ruth Porat RIC CHMIDT Executive Chairman February 11, 2016 Eric Schmidt ARRY AGE Co-Founder and Director February 11, 2016 Larry Page ERGEY RIN Co-Founder and Director February 11, 2016 Sergey Brin OHN OERR Director February 11, 2016 John Doerr IANE REENE Director February 11, 2016 Diane Greene OHN ENNESSY Director February 11, 2016 John Hennessy ATHER Director February 11, 2016 Ann Mather LAN ULALLY Director February 11, 2016 Alan Mulally AUL TELLINI Director February 11, 2016 Paul Otellini HRIRAM Director February 11, 2016 Ram Shriram HIRLEY ILGHMAN Director February 11, 2016 Shirley Tilghman Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 2.01 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated October 2015, and among Google Inc., Alphabet Inc. and Maple Technologies Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-36380) and Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Alphabet Inc., dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws Alphabet Inc., dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.03 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Google Inc. Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 000-50726) July 24, 2012 3.04 Amended and Restated Bylaws Google Inc. Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 000-50726) July 24, 2012 3.05 Certificate Merger, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-36380) October 2015 4.01 Specimen Class Common Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.02 Specimen Class Capital Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.03 Indenture, dated May 19, 2011 between Google Inc. and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) May 19, 2011 4.04 Form 2.125% Note due 2016 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) May 19, 2011 4.05 Form 3.625% Note due 2021 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) May 19, 2011 4.06 Form 3.375% Note due 2024 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) February 25, 2014 4.07 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.08 Terms Revised Stipulation Compromise and Settlement Re: Google Inc. Class Shareholder Litigation (Consol. C.A. No. 7469-CS) Registration Statement Form 8-A (File No. 001-36380) March 26, 2014 4.09 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between Alphabet Inc. and Larry Page and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.10 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between Alphabet Inc. and Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.11 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between Alphabet Inc. and Eric Schmidt and certain its affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.12 Class Undertaking, dated October 2015, executed Alphabet Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.01 Form Indemnification Agreement entered into between Alphabet Inc., its affiliates and its directors and officers Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.02 Offer Letter, dated March 20, 2015, between Ruth Porat and Google Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-36380) March 26, 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 10.03 Compensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-36380) and Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.04 Director Arrangements Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-36380) and Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.05 Google Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated September 2015, between Google Inc. and Omid Kordestani Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36380) October 29, 2015 10.06 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, amended Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) June 2011 10.06.1 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan-Form Stock Option Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.06.2 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan-Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.06.3 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan-Amendment Stock Option Agreements Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-142243) April 20, 2007 10.07 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 333-00050726) June 26, 2012 10.07.1 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 10.08 Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-181661) May 24, 2012 10.09 AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan and Sub-Plan the AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 filed (File No. 333-167411) June 2010 10.10 Click Holding Corp. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-149956) March 28, 2008 Computation Earnings Fixed Charge Ratios 14.01 Code Conduct Alphabet Inc. dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 21.01 Subsidiaries the Registrants 23.01 Consent Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.01 Power Attorney (incorporated reference the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K) 31.01 Certification Chief Executive Officer Alphabet Inc. pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.02 Certification Chief Financial Officer Alphabet Inc. pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 31.03 Certification Chief Executive Officer Google Inc. pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.04 Certification Chief Financial Officer Google Inc. pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.01 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Alphabet Inc. pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.02 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Google Inc. pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, arrangement. Filed herewith. &#8225; Furnished herewith.