Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________________ FORM 10-K ___________________________________________ (Mark One) &#253; ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 &#168; TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the transition period from &#32;to Commission file number: 001-37580 ___________________________________________ Alphabet Inc. (Exact name registrant specified its charter) ___________________________________________ Delaware 61-1767919 (State other jurisdiction incorporation organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, 94043 (Address principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (650) 253-0000 (Registrant&#8217;s telephone number, including area code) ___________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act: Title each class Name each exchange which registered Class Common Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Class Capital Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(g) the Act: Title each class None ___________________________________________ Indicate check mark the registrant well-known seasoned issuer, defined Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark the registrant not required file reports pursuant Section Section 15(d) the Act. Yes &#168; &#253; Indicate check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required filed Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934 during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required file such reports), and (2) has been subject such filing requirements for the past days. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required submitted pursuant Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 this chapter) during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit such files). Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark disclosure delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 this chapter) not contained herein, and will not contained, the best the registrant&#8217;s knowledge, definitive proxy information statements incorporated reference Part III this Form 10-K any amendment this Form 10-K. &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company emerging growth company. See the definitions &#8220;large accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company,&#8221; and "emerging growth company" Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer &#253; Accelerated filer &#168; Non-accelerated filer &#168; Smaller reporting company &#168; Emerging growth company &#168; emerging growth company, indicate check mark the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant Section 13(a) the Exchange Act. &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant shell company (as defined Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act). Yes &#168; &#253; June 29, 2018 the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices such shares the Nasdaq Global Select Market June 29, 2018 was approximately $680.0 billion For purposes calculating the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates, have assumed that all outstanding shares are held non-affiliates, except for shares held each our executive officers, directors and greater stockholders. the case greater stockholders, have not deemed such stockholders affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, unless they hold 10% more our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not deemed constitute admission that all executive officers, directors and greater stockholders are, fact, affiliates our company, that there are not other persons who may deemed affiliates our company. Further information concerning shareholdings our officers, directors and principal stockholders included incorporated reference Part III, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. January 31, 2019 there were 299,360,029 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, 46,535,019 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, and 349,291,348 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class capital stock outstanding. ___________________________________________ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED REFERENCE Portions the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the 2019 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders are incorporated herein reference Part III this Annual Report Form 10-K the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018 &#32; TABLE CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements PART Item Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item Properties Item Legal Proceedings Item Mine Safety Disclosures PART Item Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities Item Selected Financial Data Item Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item Changes and Disagreements With Accountants Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Table Contents Alphabet Inc. NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: &#8226; the growth our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends our business; &#8226; our plans continue invest new businesses, products, services and technologies, systems, facilities, and infrastructure, continue hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, well continue invest acquisitions; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality, and macroeconomic conditions, which are likely cause fluctuations our quarterly results; &#8226; the potential for declines our revenue growth rate and operating margin; &#8226; our expectation that will continue take steps improve the relevance the ads deliver and reduce the number accidental clicks; &#8226; fluctuations our revenue growth, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google properties and the change impressions and cost-per-impression Google Network Members&#8217; properties, and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; the expected variability costs related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; &#8226; the anticipated effect of, and our response to, new accounting pronouncements; &#8226; our expectation that our cost revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses will increase dollars and may increase percentage revenues; &#8226; our potential exposure connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies; &#8226; our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins the future; &#8226; our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rates will increase the future; &#8226; our expectation that our results will affected our performance international markets users developing economies increasingly come online; &#8226; our expectation that the portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues will continue increase and may affect margins; &#8226; our expectation that our other income (expense), net, will fluctuate the future, largely driven market dynamics; &#8226; estimates our future compensation expenses; &#8226; fluctuations our effective tax rate; &#8226; the sufficiency our sources funding; &#8226; our payment terms certain advertisers, which may increase our working capital requirements; &#8226; fluctuations our capital expenditures; &#8226; our expectations related the operating structure implemented pursuant the Alphabet holding company reorganization; &#8226; the sufficiency and timing our proposed remedies response the European Commission's (EC) decisions; &#8226; the expected timing and amount Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. well other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Item "Business," Item "Risk Factors," and Item "Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can identified words such "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "may," "could," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based current expectations and assumptions that are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results differ materially from those reflected the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause contribute such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, and particular, the risks discussed Item 1A, "Risk Factors" this report and those discussed other documents file with the SEC. undertake obligation revise publicly release the results any revision these forward-looking statements, except required law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not place undue reliance such forward-looking statements. used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks ours appearing this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks other companies. not intend our use display other companies' trade names trademarks imply endorsement sponsorship such companies, any relationship with any these companies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM BUSINESS Overview our founders Larry and Sergey wrote the original founders' letter, "Google not conventional company. not intend become one." That unconventional spirit has been driving force throughout our history inspiring things like rethink the mobile device ecosystem with Android and map the world with Google Maps. part that, our founders also explained that you could expect make "smaller bets areas that might seem very speculative even strange when compared our current businesses." From the start, the company has always strived more, and important and meaningful things with the resources have. Alphabet collection businesses the largest which Google. also includes businesses that are generally pretty far afield our main internet products areas such self-driving cars, life sciences, internet access and services. report all non-Google businesses collectively Other Bets. Our Alphabet structure about helping each our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and technology for everyone The Internet one the world&#8217;s most powerful equalizers, capable propelling new ideas and people forward. Google, our mission make sure that information serves everyone, not just few. whether you're child rural village professor elite university, you can access the same information. are helping people get online tailoring digital experiences the needs emerging markets. For instance, our digital payments app India, now called Google Pay, helps tens millions people and businesses easily pay with just few taps. We're also making sure our core Google products are fast and useful, especially for users areas where speed and connectivity are central concerns. Other Alphabet companies are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, Loon announced that will bring its balloon-powered internet regions central Kenya, starting 2019. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads irrelevance over time, especially technology, where change tends revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought were crazy when acquired YouTube and Android and when launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and safer, popular browser. continue look toward the future and continue invest for the long-term. said the original founders' letter, will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that believe because they are the key our long-term success. The power machine learning Across the company, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) are increasingly driving many our latest innovations. Within Google, our investments machine learning over decade have enabled build products that are smarter and more useful it's what allows you use your voice ask the Google Assistant for information, translate the web from one language another, see better YouTube recommendations, and search for people and events Google Photos. Our advertising tools also use machine learning help marketers find the right audience, deliver the right creative, and optimize their campaigns through better auto-bidding and measurement tools. Machine learning also showing great promise helping tackle big issues, like dramatically improving the energy efficiency our data centers. Across Other Bets, machine learning helps self-driving cars better detect and respond others the road, assists delivery drones determining whether location safe for drop off, and can also help clinicians more accurately detect sight-threatening eye diseases. Google Serving our users have always been company committed building products that have the potential improve the lives millions people. Our product innovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one the most recognized the world. Google's core products and platforms such Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube each have over one billion monthly active users. But most important, believe are just beginning scratch the surface. Our vision remain place incredible creativity and innovation Table Contents Alphabet Inc. that uses our technical expertise tackle big problems. the majority Alphabet&#8217;s big bets continue reside within Google, important benefit the shift Alphabet has been the tremendous focus that we&#8217;re able have Google&#8217;s many extraordinary opportunities. Google&#8217;s mission organize the world&#8217;s information and make universally accessible and useful has always been our North Star, and our products have come long way since the company was founded two decades ago. Instead just showing ten blue links our search results, are increasingly able provide direct answers even you're speaking your question using Voice Search which makes quicker, easier and more natural find what you're looking for. You can also type talk with the Google Assistant conversational way across multiple devices like phones, speakers, headphones, televisions and more. And with Google Lens, you can use your phone&#8217;s camera identify unfamiliar landmark find trailer from movie poster. Over time, have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily like Google Maps, which helps you navigate store while showing you current traffic conditions, Google Photos, which helps you store and organize your photos. This drive make information more accessible has led over the years improve the discovery and creation digital content, the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration mobile, people are consuming more digital content watching more videos, playing more games, listening more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before. Working with content creators and partners, continue build new ways for people around the world find great digital content. Fueling all these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That&#8217;s why continue invest platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, and Daydream virtual reality platform, well growing our family great hardware devices. see tremendous potential for devices helpful, make your life easier, and get better over time, combining the best Google's AI, software, and hardware. This reflected our latest generation hardware products like Pixel phones and the Google Home Hub smart display. Creating beautiful products that people rely every day journey that are investing for the long run. Google was company built the cloud and has been investing infrastructure, security, data management, analytics, and from the very beginning. have continued enhance these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments and machine learning tools provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Suite, our customers. Google Cloud Platform enables developers build, test, and deploy applications Google&#8217;s highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Our Suite productivity tools which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts, and more are designed with real-time collaboration and machine intelligence help people work smarter. Because more and more today&#8217;s great digital experiences are being built the cloud, our Google Cloud products help businesses all sizes take advantage the latest technology advances operate more efficiently. Key building helpful products for users our commitment keeping their data safe online. the Internet evolves, continue invest our industry-leading security technologies and privacy tools. How make money The goal our advertising business deliver relevant ads just the right time and give people useful commercial information, regardless the device they&#8217;re using. also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns across screens. Our advertising solutions help millions companies grow their businesses, and offer wide range products across screens and formats. generate revenues primarily delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising. &#8226; Perf ormance advertising &#32;creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading direct engagement with advertisers. Most our performance advertisers pay when user engages their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers create simple text-based ads that appear Google properties and the properties Google Network Members. addition, Google Network Members use our platforms display relevant ads their properties, generating revenues when site visitors view click the ads. continue invest our advertising programs and make significant upgrades. &#8226; Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through ideos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types ads specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. have built world-class technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies, and publishers power their digital marketing businesses. aim ensure great user experiences serving the right ads the right time and building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. also seek improve the measurability brand advertising advertisers know when their campaigns are effective. have allocated substantial resources stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users the web. focus creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers many ways, ranging from filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions bad ads from our systems every year closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blacklisting them when necessary ensure that ads not fund bad content. Beyond our advertising business, also generate revenues other areas. For instance, generate revenue when users purchase digital content like apps, movies and music through Google Play when they purchase our Made Google hardware devices. Businesses also pay for the use our cloud services like Google Cloud Platform and Suite. Other Bets Throughout Alphabet, are also using technology try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet&#8217;s Other Bets are emerging businesses various stages development, ranging from those the research and development phase those that are the beginning stages commercialization, and our goal for them become thriving, successful businesses the medium long term. this, make sure have strong CEO run each company while also rigorously handling capital allocation and working make sure each business executing well. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some them are already generating revenue and making important strides their industries. continue build these businesses thoughtfully and systematically capitalize the opportunities ahead. are investing for the long term while being very deliberate about the focus, scale and pace investments. Other Bets primarily generate revenues from internet and services and licensing and R&D services. Competition Our business characterized rapid change well new and disruptive technologies. face formidable competition every aspect our business, particularly from companies that seek connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. face competition from: &#8226; General purpose search engines and information services, such Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, and Yandex. &#8226; Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries), Microsoft's LinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly such content, websites, and apps rather than through Google. &#8226; Social networks, such Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely social networks for product service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines. &#8226; Other forms advertising, such billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise multiple media, both online and offline. &#8226; Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers that use Google Ads, our primary auction-based advertising platform. &#8226; Providers digital video services, such Amazon, Facebook, Hulu, and Netflix. compete with companies that have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users businesses that are further afield from our advertising business. face competition from: &#8226; Other digital content and application platform providers, such Apple. &#8226; Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer electronics products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms. &#8226; Providers enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft. &#8226; Digital assistant providers, such Amazon and Apple. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies the marketplace across our businesses. Specifically, for our advertising-related businesses, competing successfully depends attracting and retaining: Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely the basis the relevance our advertising, well the general usefulness, security and availability our products and services. &#8226; Advertisers, primarily based our ability generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and deliver their advertisements efficient and effective manner across variety distribution channels. &#8226; Content providers, primarily based the quality our advertiser base, our ability help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms our agreements with them. Intellectual Property rely various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions protect our proprietary technology and our brand. have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. have also filed patent applications the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain our technology, and acquired patent assets supplement our portfolio. have licensed the past, and expect that may license the future, certain our rights other parties. Culture and Employees take great pride our culture. embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration ideas address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central how work, and aim ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels. Despite our rapid growth, still cherish our roots startup and wherever possible empower employees act great ideas regardless their role function within the company. strive hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives diverse those our global users. work provide environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some the biggest challenges technology and society. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue investing hiring talented employees and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. December 31, 2018 had 98,771 &#32;full-time employees. Although have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented labor union. Competition for qualified personnel our industry intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. Seasonality Our business affected seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Other Items believe that climate change one the most significant global challenges our time. have established climate change strategy based four dimensions: matching 100% the electricity consumption our operations with purchases renewable energy; understanding the effect climate change the resiliency our core business operations; being vocal advocate for greening electrical grids worldwide; and empowering everyone&#8212;businesses, governments, nonprofit organizations, communities, and individuals&#8212;to use Google technology help create more sustainable and resource-efficient world. Google's approach climate change and our broader sustainability efforts are provided our annual sustainability reports. Available Information Our website located www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website located www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements are available through our investor relations website, free charge, after file them with the SEC. also provide link the section the SEC's website www.sec.gov that has all the reports that file furnish with the SEC. webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events participate host with members the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications news announcements regarding our financial performance and other items interest our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. also share Google news and product updates Google's Keyword blog which may interest material our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code conduct, also available our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content our websites are not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC, and any references our websites are intended inactive textual references only. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results operations, cash flows, and the trading price our common and capital stock. Risks Related Our Businesses and Industries face intense competition. not continue innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies the marketplace timely manner. our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure innovate will encompass wider range products and services. result, must continue invest significant resources research and development, including through acquisitions, order enhance our technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. have many competitors different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies emerging start-ups. Some companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users. They can use their experiences and resources ways that could affect our competitive position, including making acquisitions, continuing invest heavily research and development and hiring talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether not meritorious), and continuing compete aggressively for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Our competitors may able innovate and provide products and services faster than can may foresee the need for products and services before us. addition, new products and services, including those that incorporate utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning, can raise new exacerbate existing ethical, technological, legal, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Our operating results may also suffer our innovations are not responsive the needs our users, advertisers, customers, and content providers; are not appropriately timed with market opportunities; are not effectively brought market. technologies continue develop, our competitors may able offer our users and/or customers experiences that are, that are seen be, substantially similar better than ours. This may force compete different ways and expend significant resources order remain competitive. our competitors are more successful than are developing compelling products attracting and retaining users, advertisers, customers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. generate significant portion our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending advertisers loss partners could harm our advertising business. generated over 85% &#32;of total revenues from advertising 2018 Many our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content partners can terminate their contracts with any time. Those partners may not continue business with not create more value (such increased numbers users customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. For example, changes our data privacy practices, well changes third-party advertising policies practices may affect the type ads and/or manner advertising that are able provide which could have adverse effect our business. not provide superior value deliver advertisements efficiently and competitively, our reputation could affected, could see decrease revenue from advertisers and/or experience other adverse effects our business. addition, expenditures advertisers tend cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have material negative effect user activity and the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers reduce the amounts they spend advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and advertising business. are subject increasing regulatory scrutiny well changes public policies governing wide range topics that may negatively affect our business. and other companies the technology industry have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny recently. For instance, various regulatory agencies are reviewing aspects our search and other businesses. This can lead increased scrutiny from other regulators and legislators, that may affect our reputation, brand and third-party Table Contents Alphabet Inc. relationships. Such reviews have and may the future also result substantial regulatory fines, changes our business practices and other penalties, which could negatively affect our business and results operations. continue cooperate with regulatory authorities around the world investigations they are conducting with respect our business. Changes social, political, and regulatory conditions laws and policies governing wide range topics may cause change our business practices. Further, our expansion into variety new fields also raises number new regulatory issues. These factors could negatively affect our business and results operations material ways. Our ongoing investment new businesses and new products, services, and technologies inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations. have invested and expect continue invest new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The creation Alphabet holding company 2015 and the investments that are making across various areas Google and Other Bets are reflection our ongoing efforts innovate and provide products and services that are useful users. Our investments Google and Other Bets span wide range industries. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction management from our advertising and related business, use alternative investment, governance compensation structures, the fact that such offerings strategies may not commercially viable for indefinite amount time all, may not result adequate return capital our investments; and unidentified issues may not discovered our due diligence such strategies and offerings which could cause fail realize the anticipated benefits such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, assurance can given that such strategies and offerings will successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The Internet accessed through variety platforms and form factors that continue evolve with the advancement technology and user preferences. manufacturers and users not widely adopt versions our search technology, products, operating systems developed for these devices and modalities, our business could adversely affected. The number people who access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television set-top devices, increasing dramatically. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices and modalities may make the use our products and services the generation advertising revenue through such devices more difficult (or just different), and the versions our products and services developed for these devices may not compatible compelling users, manufacturers, distributors alternative devices. Each manufacturer distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not available these devices result. Some manufacturers may also elect not include our products their devices. addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps, social media other platforms, which could affect our search and &#32; advertising business over time. new devices and platforms are continually being released, difficult predict the challenges may encounter adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. expect continue devote significant resources the creation, support, and maintenance products and services across multiple platforms and devices. are unable attract and retain substantial number alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users our products and services, are slow develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, may fail capture the opportunities available consumers and advertisers continue exist dynamic, multi-platform environment. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and anticipate downward pressure our operating margin the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline and/or vary over time result number factors, including increasing competition and the continued expansion our business into variety new fields. Within our advertising business, changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix and increasing competition for advertising may also affect our revenue growth rate. may also experience decline our revenue growth rate our revenues increase higher levels there decrease the rate adoption our products, services, and technologies, among other factors. addition decline our revenue growth rate, may also experience downward pressure our operating margin resulting from variety factors, such the continued expansion our business into variety new fields, including through products and services such Google Cloud, Google Play, and hardware products where margins have generally been lower than those generate from advertising. may also experience downward pressure our operating margins from increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects our business, including within advertising where changes such device mix and property mix can affect margin. The margin earn Table Contents Alphabet Inc. revenues generated from our Google Network Members could also decrease the future pay larger percentage advertising fees them. may also pay increased TAC our distribution partners due number factors. Additionally, our spend promote new products and services distribute certain products increased investment our innovation efforts across the Company (within Google well our Other Bets businesses) may affect our operating margins. Due these factors and the evolving nature our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not indicative our future performance. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult predict and could cause our results fall short expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate result number factors, many outside our control. result, comparing our operating results period-to-period basis may not meaningful, and you should not rely our past results indication our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses percentage our revenues may differ significantly from our historical rates. Our operating results future quarters may fall below expectations. Any these events could cause our stock price fall. Each the risk factors listed this section addition the following factors may affect our operating results: &#8226; Our ability continue attract and retain users and customers our products and services. &#8226; Our ability attract user and/or customer adoption and generate significant revenues from new products, services, and technologies which have invested considerable time and resources. &#8226; Our ability monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties across various devices. &#8226; Revenue fluctuations our advertising business caused changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix. &#8226; The amount revenues and expenses generated and incurred currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program. &#8226; The amount and timing operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related the maintenance and expansion our businesses, operations, and infrastructure. &#8226; Our focus long-term goals over short-term results. &#8226; The results our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, and technologies. &#8226; Our ability keep our products and services operational reasonable cost and without service interruptions. &#8226; The seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Our rapid growth has tended mask the cyclicality and seasonality our business. our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results fluctuate. Because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not useful you predicting our future operating results. variety new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business. are subject numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering wide variety subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations existing laws and regulations) may make our products and services less useful, require incur substantial costs, expose unanticipated civil criminal liability, cause change our business practices. For example, our products and services are closely scrutinized competition authorities around the world, which may limit our ability pursue certain business models offer certain products services. Current and new patent laws may also affect the ability companies, including us, protect their innovations and defend against claims patent infringement. Similarly, the Directive Copyright the Digital Single Market (DSM) Europe, passed its proposed form, will increase the liability large hosted platforms with respect content uploaded their users. will also create new property right news publications that will limit the ability online services interact with present such content. addition the DSM, other &#32; changes copyright laws being considered elsewhere, will, passed, increase costs and require companies, including us, change cease offering certain existing services. Additionally, the focus data privacy and security increases globally, are and will Table Contents Alphabet Inc. continue subject various and evolving laws. The costs compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely increase the future. Furthermore, many these laws not contemplate address the unique issues raised number our new businesses, products, services and technologies. addition, the applicability and scope these laws, interpreted the courts, remain uncertain. Other recently passed laws and/or certain court decisions that could harm our business include, among others: &#8226; rely statutory safe harbors, set forth the Digital Millennium Copyright Act the United States and the E-Commerce Directive Europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation court rulings affecting these safe harbors may adversely affect us. &#8226; Court decisions such the judgment the Court Justice the European Union May 13, 2014 the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; which allows individuals demand that Google remove search results about them certain instances, may limit the content can show our users and impose significant operational burdens. &#8226; Court decisions that require Google suppress content not just the jurisdiction the issuing court, but for all our users worldwide, including locations where the content issue lawful. The Supreme Court Canada issued such decision against Google June 2017, and others could treat its decision persuasive. For instance, with respect the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; follow-up case pending before the Court Justice the European Union, which could result order apply delisting actions under the &#8216;right forgotten&#8217; worldwide. &#8226; Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution certain materials children and regulate the ability online services collect information from minors. &#8226; Various laws with regard content removal and disclosure obligations, such the Network Enforcement Act Germany, which may affect our businesses and operations and may subject significant fines such laws are interpreted and applied manner inconsistent with our practices. &#8226; Data protection laws passed many states within the U.S. and certain countries regarding notification data subjects and/or regulators when there security breach personal data. &#8226; The California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 that comes into effect January 2020, and gives new data privacy rights California residents and regulates the security data connection with internet connected devices. &#8226; Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types data collected particular country stored and/or processed within that country. &#8226; Privacy laws, which could interpreted broadly thereby limiting product offerings and/or increasing costs. Any failure our part comply with laws and regulations can result negative publicity and diversion management time and effort and may subject significant liabilities and other penalties. are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may adversely affect our business and results operations. are regularly subject claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due our manufacturing and sale expanded suite products, including hardware well our Google Cloud offerings, may also subject variety claims including product warranty, product liability and consumer protection claims related product defects, among other litigation. may also subject claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental concerns users customers experience service disruptions, failures, other issues. addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation, discussed later, that exposes the risk exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell products and services. Such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain. Regardless the outcome, any these types legal proceedings can have adverse effect because legal costs, diversion management resources, negative publicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. The resolution one more such proceedings has resulted and may the future result additional substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows particular period. These proceedings could also result Table Contents Alphabet Inc. reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, requiring change our business practices product recalls corrections, requiring development non-infringing otherwise altered products technologies. Any these consequences could adversely affect our business and results operations. may subject legal liability associated with providing online services content. host and provide wide variety services and products that enable users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating the liability providers these online services and products for activities their users still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought against for defamation, negligence, breaches contract, copyright trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, other theories based the nature and content information that publish which provide links that may posted online generated third parties, including our users. addition, are and have been and may again the future subject domestic international actions alleging that certain content have generated third-party content that have made available within our products and services violates U.S. and international law. also place advertisements which are displayed third-party publishers and advertising networks properties, and offer third-party products, services, content. may subject claims concerning these products, services, content virtue our involvement marketing, branding, broadcasting, providing access them, even not ourselves host, operate, provide, provide access these products, services, content. Defense any such actions could costly and involve significant time and attention our management and other resources, which may result monetary liabilities penalties, and may require change our business adverse manner. Data privacy and security concerns relating our technology and our practices could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users customers from using our products and services. Bugs defects our products and services have occurred and may occur the future, our security measures could breached, resulting the improper use and/or disclosure user data, and our services and systems are subject attacks that could degrade deny the ability users and customers access, rely information received about, our products and services. consequence, our products and services may perceived being insecure, users and customers may curtail stop using our products and services, and may incur significant legal, reputational, and financial exposure. From time time, concerns are expressed about whether our products, services, processes compromise the privacy users, customers, and others. Concerns about our practices with regard the collection, use, disclosure, security personal information other data privacy related matters, even unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time users&#8217; and customers&#8217; expectations regarding privacy and their data changes. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission users&#8217; and customers&#8217; proprietary information, and bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities our products and services, and security breaches expose risk loss this information, improper use and disclosure such information, litigation, and other potential liability. Systems failures, compromises our security, failure abide our privacy policies, inadvertent disclosure that results the release our users&#8217; data, our our users&#8217; inability access such data, could result government investigations and other liability, legislation regulation, seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability attract and retain users. expect continue expend significant resources maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse security vulnerabilities breaches. experience cyber attacks varying degrees and other attempts gain unauthorized access our systems regular basis. Our security measures may the future breached due employee error, malfeasance, system errors vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities our vendors, suppliers, their products, otherwise. Such breach other unauthorized access, increased government surveillance, attempts outside parties fraudulently induce employees, users, customers disclose sensitive information order gain access our data our users&#8217; customers&#8217; data could result significant legal and financial exposure, damage our reputation, and loss confidence the security our products and services that could potentially have adverse effect our business. Because the techniques used obtain unauthorized access, disable degrade service, sabotage systems change frequently, become more sophisticated, and often are not recognized until launched against target, may unable anticipate detect these techniques implement adequate preventative measures. Cyber attacks could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information and result such information being disclosed others and becoming less valuable, which could negatively affect our business. actual perceived breach our security Table Contents Alphabet Inc. occurs, the market perception the effectiveness our security measures could harmed and could lose users and customers. While have dedicated significant resources privacy and security incident response, including dedicated worldwide incident response teams, our response process may not adequate, may fail accurately assess the severity incident, may not respond quickly enough, may fail sufficiently remediate incident, among other issues. result, may suffer significant legal, reputational, financial exposure, which could adversely affect our business and results operations. Our business subject complex and rapidly evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Many these laws and regulations are subject change and uncertain interpretation and could result claims, changes our business practices, penalties, increased cost operations, declines user growth engagement, otherwise harm our business. Companies are under increased regulatory scrutiny relating data privacy and security. Authorities around the world are considering number legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, including measures ensure that encryption users&#8217; data does not hinder law enforcement agencies&#8217; access that data. addition, the interpretation and application consumer and data protection laws the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and flux. possible that these laws may interpreted and applied manner that inconsistent with our data practices. These legislative and regulatory proposals, adopted, and such interpretations could, addition the possibility fines, result order requiring that change our data practices, which could have adverse effect our business and results operations. Complying with these various laws could cause incur substantial costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. Recent legal developments Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers personal data from Europe the United States. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), became effective the European Union (EU) beginning May 25, 2018, and applies all our activities conducted from establishment the related products and services that offer users customers, the monitoring their behavior the EU. The GDPR subjects range new compliance obligations. Ensuring compliance with the GDPR ongoing commitment which involves substantial costs, and possible that despite our efforts, governmental authorities third parties will assert that our business practices fail comply. have been and may the future be, subject lawsuits alleging violations the GDPR. our operations are found violation the GDPR&#8217;s requirements, may required change our business practices and/or subject significant civil penalties, business disruption, and reputational harm, any which could have material adverse effect our business. particular, serious breaches the GDPR can result administrative fines the higher annual worldwide revenues &#8364;20 million. Fines the higher annual worldwide &#32; revenues &#8364;10 million can levied for other specified violations. addition, the European Commission July 2016 and the Swiss Government January 2017 approved the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, respectively, which are designed allow U.S. companies that self-certify the U.S. Department Commerce and publicly commit comply with the Privacy Shield requirements freely import personal data from the and Switzerland. However, these frameworks face number legal challenges and their validity remains subject legal, regulatory and political developments both Europe and the U.S. This has resulted some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause incur costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. are, and may the future be, subject intellectual property other claims, which are costly defend, could result significant damage awards, and could limit our ability use certain technologies the future. Many companies, particular those internet, technology and media own large numbers patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based allegations infringement other violations intellectual property rights. addition, patent holding companies may continue seek monetize patents they have purchased otherwise obtained bringing claims against us, whether such claims are meritorious not. have grown, the number intellectual property claims against has increased and may continue increase develop new products, services, and technologies. have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Third parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against filing claims U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell our products services the U.S. elsewhere our products services those our customers suppliers are found Table Contents Alphabet Inc. infringe the intellectual property subject the claims. Adverse results any these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements (if licenses are available all), orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices and require development non-infringing products, services technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. Many our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require defend against certain intellectual property infringement claims and/or indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result increased costs for defending such claims significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered and our customers arising from intellectual property infringement claims brought against us. Furthermore, connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims. Regardless their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive litigate settle, and cause significant diversion management attention. the extent such claims are successful, they may have adverse effect our business, including our product and service offerings, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability protect them could reduce the value our products, services and brand well affect our ability compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside our control pose threat our intellectual property rights, well our products, services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not available every country which our products and services are distributed made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts have taken protect our proprietary rights may not sufficient effective. Although seek obtain patent protection for our innovations, possible may not able protect some these innovations. Moreover, may not have adequate patent copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out important. Furthermore, there always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope the protection gained will insufficient that issued patent may deemed invalid unenforceable. also seek maintain certain intellectual property trade secrets. The secrecy such trade secrets and other sensitive information could compromised outside parties, our employees, which could cause lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become commonly used that becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; Some courts have ruled that "Google" protectable trademark, however possible that other courts, particularly those outside the United States, may reach different determination. this happens, could lose protection for this trademark, which could result other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; refer their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Any significant impairment our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights costly and time consuming. Any increase the unauthorized use our intellectual property could make more expensive business and harm our operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely affect our business and results operations. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements our overall corporate strategy and use capital, and these transactions could material our financial condition and results operations. expect continue evaluate and enter into discussions regarding wide array potential strategic transactions. Effecting these strategic transactions could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where face risks include, among others: &#8226; Diversion management time and focus from operating our business challenges related acquisitions and other strategic transactions. &#8226; Failure successfully further develop the acquired business technology. &#8226; Implementation remediation controls, procedures, and policies the acquired company. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Integration the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. &#8226; Transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. &#8226; Failure obtain required approvals timely basis, all, from governmental authorities, conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay prevent from completing transaction, otherwise restrict our ability realize the expected financial strategic goals acquisition other strategic transaction. &#8226; the case foreign acquisitions, the need integrate operations across different cultures and languages and address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. &#8226; Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention employees from the businesses acquire. &#8226; Liability for activities the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, privacy issues, violations laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. &#8226; Litigation other claims connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, other third parties. Our failure address these risks other problems encountered connection with our past future acquisitions and other strategic transactions could cause fail realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result dilutive issuances our equity securities, the incurrence debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, impairment goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any which could harm our financial condition results. Also, the anticipated benefits value our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may adversely affect our financial condition results. Our business depends strong brands, and failing maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability expand our base users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed the success our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google and Other Bets increases our ability enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands may negatively affected number factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared our platforms, data privacy issues and developments, and product technical performance failures. For example, fail appropriately respond the sharing objectionable content our services objectionable practices advertisers, otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence our brands. Our brands may also negatively affected the use our products services disseminate information that deemed false misleading. Furthermore, fail maintain and enhance equity our brands, our business, operating results, and financial condition may materially and adversely affected. Our success will depend largely our ability remain technology leader and continue provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play meaningful role people&#8217;s everyday lives. face number manufacturing and supply chain risks that, not properly managed, could adversely affect our financial results and prospects. face number risks related manufacturing and supply chain management. These manufacturing and supply chain risks could affect our ability supply both our products and our internet-based services. rely third parties manufacture many our assemblies and finished products, third-party arrangements for the design some components and parts, and third party distributors, including cellular network carriers. Our business could negatively affected are not able engage third parties with the necessary capabilities capacity reasonable terms, those engage fail meet their obligations (whether due financial difficulties other reasons), make adverse changes the pricing other material terms our arrangements with them. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. may experience supply shortages and price increases driven raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), and significant changes the financial business condition our suppliers. may experience shortages other supply chain disruptions the future that could negatively affect our operations. addition, some the components use our technical infrastructure and products are available only from single source limited sources, and may not able find replacement vendors favorable terms all the event supply chain disruption. addition, significant hardware supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades expansions. may enter into long term contracts that commit significant terms and conditions supply. may liable for material and product that not consumed due market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. For instance, because many our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing minimum purchase requirements, the volume our hardware sales decreases does not reach projected targets, could face increased materials and manufacturing costs other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively affect our financial results. Furthermore, certain our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. The products and services sell offer may have quality issues resulting from the design manufacture the product, from the software used. Sometimes, these issues may caused components purchase from other manufacturers suppliers. the quality our products and services does not meet our users&#8217; and/or customers&#8217; expectations our products services are found defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could negatively affected. also require our suppliers and business partners comply with law and, where applicable, our company policies, such the Google Supplier Code Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but not control them their practices. any them violates laws implements practices regarded unethical, could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations damage key relationships, and damage our reputation. any them fails procure necessary license rights third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could affect the saleability our products and expose financial obligations third parties. Web spam, including content farms, and other violations our guidelines could affect the quality our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. Web spam refers websites that violate attempt violate our guidelines that otherwise seek inappropriately rank higher search results than our search engine's assessment their relevance and utility would rank them. Web spam may also affect the quality content posted our platforms and may manipulate them display false, misleading undesirable content. Although English-language web spam our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam most other languages limited, expect web spammers will continue seek ways improve their rankings inappropriately. continuously combat web spam our search results, including through indexing technology that makes harder for spam-like, less useful web content rank highly. also continue invest and deploy proprietary technology detect and prevent web spam from abusing our platforms. also face other challenges from web spam such low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities low-quality content help them improve their search rankings. are continually launching algorithmic changes focused low-quality websites. We, like others the industry, face other violations our guidelines, including sophisticated attempts bad actors manipulate our advertising systems fraudulently generate revenues for themselves others, otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest intent. While invest significantly efforts detect and prevent invalid traffic, including attempts bad actors generate income fraudulently, may unable adequately detect and prevent such abuses the future. are subject increasing number web spam, including content farms other violations our guidelines, this could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information reduce user traffic our websites their use our platforms, which may adversely affect our financial condition results. Interruption, interference with failure our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The availability our products and services depends the continuing operation our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable damage, interference interruption from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial service attacks, other attempts harm access our systems. Some our data centers are located areas with high risk major earthquakes other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts vandalism, and potential disruptions the operators certain these facilities have financial difficulties. Some our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence natural disaster, decision close facility are using, other unanticipated problems our data centers could result lengthy interruptions our service. addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors vulnerabilities, which could result interruptions our services the failure our systems. Our international operations expose additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our international operations are significant our revenues and net income, and plan continue grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 54% &#32;of our consolidated revenues 2018 addition risks described elsewhere this section, our international operations expose other risks, including the following: &#8226; Restrictions foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent from repatriating cash earned countries outside the U.S. &#8226; Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent from offering products providing services particular market and may increase our operating costs. &#8226; Longer payment cycles some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels payment fraud. &#8226; Evolving foreign laws and legal systems, including those that may occur result the United Kingdom's potential withdrawal from the European Union ("Brexit"). Brexit may adversely affect global economic and market conditions and could contribute volatility the foreign &#32; exchange markets, which may unable effectively manage through our foreign exchange risk management program. Brexit may also adversely affect our revenues and could subject new regulatory costs and challenges, addition other adverse effects that are unable effectively anticipate. &#8226; Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty result local laws and lack legal precedent. &#8226; Different employee/employer relationships, existence workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused distance, language, and cultural differences, making harder business certain jurisdictions. Changes international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may also harm our business, and compliance with complex international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply our international operations increases our cost doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. Violations these laws and regulations could result fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, our employees, prohibitions the conduct our business and our ability offer our products and services one more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although have implemented policies and procedures designed ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can assurance that our employees, contractors, agents will not violate our policies. Since conduct business currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results U.S. dollars, face exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates. Although hedge portion our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results operations. were lose the services key personnel, may not able execute our business strategy. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our future success depends large part upon the continued service key members our senior management team. particular, Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical the overall management Alphabet and its subsidiaries, and they, along with Sundar Pichai, the Chief Executive Officer Google, play important role the development our technology. They also play key role maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss key personnel could seriously harm our business. rely highly skilled personnel and, are unable retain motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, maintain our corporate culture, may not able grow effectively. Our performance largely depends the talents and efforts highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends our continuing ability identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas our organization. Competition our industry for qualified employees intense, and certain our competitors have directly targeted our employees. addition, our compensation arrangements, such our equity award programs, may not always successful attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability compete effectively depends our ability attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. addition, believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. our organization grows, and are required implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly light our holding company structure, may find increasingly difficult maintain the beneficial aspects our corporate culture. This could negatively affect our future success. Our business depends continued and unimpeded access the Internet and our users. Internet access providers may able restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services, which could lead additional expenses and the loss users and advertisers. Our products and services depend the ability our users access the Internet, and certain our products require significant bandwidth work effectively. Currently, this access provided companies that have significant market power the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some these providers have taken, have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, increase the cost user access certain our products restricting prohibiting the use their infrastructure support facilitate our offerings, charging increased fees our users provide our offerings. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms discrimination Internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists the United States and elsewhere regarding such protections. For example, the United States the Federal Communications Commission repealed net neutrality rules effective June 11, 2018, which could lead internet access providers restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services. addition, some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject government-initiated restrictions blockages. Such interference could result loss existing users, customers and advertisers, goodwill, and increased costs, and could impair our ability attract new users, customers and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. New and existing technologies could affect our ability customize ads and/or could block ads online, which would harm our business. Technologies have been developed make customizable ads more difficult block the display ads altogether and some providers online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality third-party digital advertising. Most our Google revenues are derived from fees paid connection with the display ads online. result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. are exposed fluctuations the market values our investments. Given the global nature our business, have investments both domestically and internationally. Market values these investments can negatively affected liquidity, credit deterioration losses, financial results, foreign exchange rates, changes interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR, the effect new changing regulations, other factors. Due the adoption ASU 2016-01 &#8220;Financial Instruments; Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&#8221; January 2018, adjust the carrying value our non-marketable equity securities fair value for observable transactions identical similar investments the same issuer and impairment. All gains and losses non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized other income (expense), which increases the volatility our other income (expense). Table Contents Alphabet Inc. result these factors, the value liquidity our cash equivalents, well our marketable and non-marketable securities could decline and result material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. could subject changes tax rates, the adoption new U.S. international tax legislation, exposure additional tax liabilities. Our future income taxes could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. addition, are subject regular review and audit both domestic and foreign tax authorities. result, have received, and may the future receive, assessments multiple jurisdictions various tax-related assertions, examples include transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. Any adverse outcome such review audit could have negative effect our operating results and financial condition. addition, the determination our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Although believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results the period periods for which such determination made. Furthermore, due shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws rates various jurisdictions may subject significant change, which could materially affect our financial position and results operations. Risks Related Ownership Our Stock The trading price for our Class common stock and non-voting Class capital stock may continue volatile. The trading price our stock has times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue volatile. For example, from January 2018 through December 31, 2018, the closing price our Class common stock ranged from $984.66 per share $1,285.50 per share, and the closing price our Class capital stock ranged from $976.21 $1,268.32 per share. addition the factors discussed this report, the trading price our Class common stock and Class capital stock may fluctuate widely response various factors, many which are beyond our control, including, among others: &#8226; Quarterly variations our results operations those our competitors. &#8226; Announcements our competitors acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, capital commitments. &#8226; Recommendations securities analysts changes earnings estimates. &#8226; Announcements about our earnings that are not line with analyst expectations, the risk which enhanced because our policy not give guidance earnings. &#8226; Announcements our competitors their earnings that are not line with analyst expectations. &#8226; Commentary industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless its accuracy. &#8226; The volume shares Class common stock and Class capital stock available for public sale. &#8226; Sales Class common stock and Class capital stock our stockholders (including sales our directors, executive officers, and other employees). &#8226; Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions shares our Class common stock and Class capital stock. &#8226; The perceived values Class common stock and Class capital stock relative one another. &#8226; Any share repurchase program. addition, the stock market general, which can affected various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, and the market for technology companies particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated disproportionate the operating performance those companies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock regardless our actual operating performance. cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will fully consummated that any share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility the price our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 2016 and 2018, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $7.0 billion and $8.6 billion its Class capital stock, respectively. The 2016 authorization was completed 2018. December 31, 2018 $1.7 billion remains available for repurchase. January 2019, our board directors authorized the repurchase additional $12.5 billion our Class capital stock. Our repurchase program does not have expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet repurchase any specific dollar amount acquire any specific number shares. Our share repurchase program could affect the price our stock and increase volatility and may suspended terminated any time, which may result decrease the trading price our stock. The concentration our stock ownership limits our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters. Our Class common stock has votes per share, our Class common stock has one vote per share, and our Class capital stock has voting rights. December 31, 2018, Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and Eric Schmidt beneficially owned approximately 92.8% our outstanding Class common stock, which represented approximately 56.5% the voting power our outstanding common stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets, for the foreseeable future. addition, because our Class capital stock carries voting rights (except required applicable law), the issuance the Class capital stock, including future stock-based acquisition transactions and fund employee equity incentive programs, could prolong the duration Larry, Sergey and Eric&#8217;s current relative ownership our voting power and their ability elect all our directors and determine the outcome most matters submitted vote our stockholders. This concentrated control limits severely restricts our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters and, result, may take actions that our stockholders not view beneficial. result, the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock could adversely affected. Provisions our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions Alphabet&#8217;s certificate incorporation and bylaws may have the effect delaying preventing change control changes our management. These provisions include the following: &#8226; Our certificate incorporation provides for tri-class capital stock structure. result this structure, Larry, Sergey, and Eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, other change control transaction that other stockholders may view beneficial. noted above, the issuance the Class capital stock could have the effect prolonging the influence Larry, Sergey, and Eric. &#8226; Our board directors has the right elect directors fill vacancy created the expansion the board directors the resignation, death, removal director, which prevents stockholders from being able fill vacancies our board directors. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act written consent. result, holder, holders, controlling majority our capital stock would not able take certain actions without holding stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation prohibits cumulative voting the election directors. This limits the ability minority stockholders elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice nominate individuals for election the board directors propose matters that can acted upon stockholders&#8217; meeting. These provisions may discourage deter potential acquirer from conducting solicitation proxies elect the acquirer's own slate directors otherwise attempting obtain control our company. &#8226; Our board directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares undesignated preferred stock. The ability issue undesignated preferred stock makes possible for our board directors issue preferred stock with voting other rights preferences that could impede the success any attempt acquire us. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Delaware corporation, are also subject certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, corporation may not engage business combination with any holder 15% more its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board directors has approved the transaction. Our board directors could rely Delaware law prevent delay acquisition us. Risk Related Our Holding Company Reorganization holding company, Alphabet dependent the operations and funds its subsidiaries. Alphabet holding company with business operations its own. Alphabet&#8217;s most significant assets are the outstanding equity interests its subsidiaries, including Google, that are each separate and distinct legal entities. result our holding company structure, rely cash flows from subsidiaries meet our obligations, including service any debt obligations Alphabet. Our subsidiaries may restricted their ability pay cash dividends make other distributions Alphabet and therefore, our ability meet our obligations may adversely affected such restrictions. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located Mountain View, California. also own and lease office and building space the surrounding areas near our headquarters, which the aggregate (including our headquarters) represent approximately 11.2 million &#32;square feet office/building space and approximately fifty-nine &#32;acres developable land accommodate anticipated future growth. addition, own and lease office/building space and research and development sites around the world, primarily North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. own and operate data centers the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are good condition and suitable for the conduct our business. ITEM LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For description our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note &#32;&#8220;Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters&#8221; the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K, which incorporated herein reference. ITEM MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES EQUITY SECURITIES October 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer Google Inc. pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Our Class common stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 2014. Prior August 19, 2004, there was public market for our stock. Our Class common stock neither listed nor traded. Our Class capital stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 2014. Holders Record December 31, 2018 there were approximately 2,026 &#32;and 2,195 &#32;stockholders record our Class common stock and Class capital stock, respectively. Because many our shares Class common stock and Class capital stock are held brokers and other institutions behalf stockholders, are unable estimate the total number stockholders represented these record holders. December 31, 2018 there were approximately &#32;stockholders record our Class common stock. Dividend Policy have never declared paid any cash dividend our common capital stock. not expect pay any cash dividends the foreseeable future. Issuer Purchases Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect Alphabet's repurchases Class capital stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2018 Period Total Number Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number Shares Purchased Part Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value Shares that May Yet Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 830 1,115.81 830 3,412 November 859 1,054.22 859 2,506 December 781 1,048.23 781 1,688 Total 2,470 1,073.02 2,470 (1) January 2018, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase &#32; $8.6 billion &#32; its Class capital stock. &#32; The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. See &#32; Note &#32; Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related share repurchases. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock Performance Graphs The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return common stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our common stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from December 31, 2013 &#32;to December 31, 2018 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS COMMON STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2013 &#32;in stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; &#32;2015 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 57-Month total shareholder return capital stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our Class capital stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from April 2014 &#32;to December 31, 2018 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS CAPITAL STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested April 2014 &#32;in stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; &#32;2015 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected consolidated financial data should read conjunction with Item &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing Item &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; this Annual Report Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative the results expected any future period. Year Ended December 31, 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (in millions, except per share amounts) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 66,001 74,989 90,272 110,855 136,819 Income from operations 16,496 19,360 23,716 26,146 26,321 Net income from continuing operations 13,620 16,348 19,478 12,662 30,736 Net income from discontinued operations 516 Net income 14,136 16,348 19,478 12,662 30,736 Basic net income per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 20.15 23.11 28.32 18.27 44.22 Discontinued operations 0.76 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 20.91 23.11 28.32 18.27 44.22 Basic net income per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 20.15 24.63 28.32 18.27 44.22 Discontinued operations 0.76 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 20.91 24.63 28.32 18.27 44.22 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 19.82 22.84 27.85 18.00 43.70 Discontinued operations 0.75 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 20.57 22.84 27.85 18.00 43.70 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 19.82 24.34 27.85 18.00 43.70 Discontinued operations 0.75 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 20.57 24.34 27.85 18.00 43.70 December 31, 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 64,395 73,066 86,333 101,871 109,140 Total assets 129,187 147,461 167,497 197,295 232,792 Total long-term liabilities 8,548 7,820 11,705 20,610 20,544 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 103,860 120,331 139,036 152,502 177,628 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis our financial condition and results operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Trends Our Business The following trends have contributed the results our consolidated operations, and anticipate that they will continue affect our future results: &#8226; Users' behaviors and advertising continue shift online the digital economy evolves. The continuing shift from offline online world has contributed the growth our business since inception, contributing revenue growth, and expect that this online shift will continue benefit our business. &#8226; online advertising evolves, continue expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization. interactions between users and advertisers change and online user behavior evolves, continue expand and evolve our product offerings serve their changing needs. Over time, expect our monetization trends fluctuate. For example, have seen increase YouTube engagement ads, which monetize lower rate than traditional desktop search ads. Additionally, continue see shift programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers connect with the right user, the right moment, the right context. Programmatic buying has different monetization profile than traditional advertising buying Google properties. &#8226; Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile and other new formats. Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities and want feel connected matter where they are what they are doing. seek expand our products and services stay front this shift order maintain and grow our business. generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Accordingly, expect TAC paid our distribution partners increase due changes device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points. expect these trends continue put pressure our overall margins. &#8226; users developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue increase and movements foreign exchange rates affect such revenues. The shift online, well the advent the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside the U.S., including emerging markets, and continue develop localized versions our products and relevant advertising programs useful our users these markets. This has led trend increased revenues from international markets over time and expect that our results will continue affected our performance these markets, particularly low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our international revenues represent significant portion our revenues and are subject fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates relative the U.S. dollar. While have foreign exchange risk management program designed reduce our exposure these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect our revenues and earnings. &#8226; The portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues increasing and may affect margins. Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. expect this trend continue focus expanding our offerings our users through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. The margins these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may lower than the margins our advertising business. number our Other Bets initiatives are their initial development stages, and such, the sources revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could volatile. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; continue look for new ways serve our users and expand our businesses, will invest heavily R&D and capital expenditures. continue make significant R&D investments areas strategic focus such advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, well new products and services. Our capital expenditures have grown over time. expect this trend continue the long term invest heavily data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. addition, acquisitions remain important part our strategy and use capital, and expect continue spend cash acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. &#8226; Our employees are critical our success and expect continue investing them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue hiring talented employees around the globe and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. Executive Overview Results Below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;(consolidated unless otherwise noted): &#8226; Revenues $136.8 billion &#32;and revenue growth 23% &#32;year over year, constant currency revenue growth 22% &#32;year over year. &#8226; Google segment revenues $136.2 billion &#32;with revenue growth 23% &#32;year over year and Other Bets revenues $595 million &#32;with revenue growth 25% &#32;year over year. &#8226; Revenues from the United States EMEA APAC and Other Americas &#32;were $63.3 billion $44.6 billion $21.4 billion and $7.6 billion respectively. &#8226; Cost revenues was $59.5 billion consisting TAC $26.7 billion &#32;and other cost revenues $32.8 billion Our TAC percentage advertising revenues was 23% &#8226; Operating expenses (excluding cost revenues) were $50.9 billion &#8226; Income from operations was $26.3 billion &#8226; Other income (expense), net, was $8.6 billion &#8226; Effective tax rate was 12% &#8226; Net income was $30.7 billion &#32;with diluted net income per share $43.70 &#8226; Operating cash flow was $48.0 billion &#8226; Capital expenditures were $25.1 billion &#8226; Number employees was 98,771 &#32;as December 31, 2018 Information about Segments operate our business multiple operating segments. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed Other Bets. Our reported segments are: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main products such Ads, Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Hardware (including Nest), Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. &#32;&#32; &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales internet and services through Access well licensing and R&D services through Verily. &#32;&#32; 2018, Nest joined Google&#8217;s hardware team. Consequently, the financial results Nest are reported the Google segment, with Nest revenues reflected Google other revenues. Prior period segment information has been recast conform the current period segment presentation. Consolidated financial results are not affected. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Please refer Note &#32; the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Revenues The following table presents our revenues, segment and revenue source (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Google segment Google properties revenues 63,785 77,788 96,336 Google Network Members' properties revenues 15,598 17,587 19,982 Google advertising revenues 79,383 95,375 116,318 Google other revenues 10,601 15,003 19,906 Google segment revenues 89,984 110,378 136,224 Other Bets Other Bets revenues 288 477 595 Revenues 90,272 110,855 136,819 Google segment The following table presents our Google segment revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Google segment revenues 89,984 110,378 136,224 Google segment revenues percentage total revenues 99.7 99.6 99.6 Use Monetization Metrics When assessing our advertising revenues performance, historically presented the percentage change the number paid clicks and cost-per-click for both our Google properties and our Google Network Members&#8217; properties (Network) revenues. our impression-based revenues have become more significant driver Network revenues growth, the percentage change paid clicks and cost-per-click cover less our total Network revenues. result, 2018, transitioned our Network revenue metrics from the percentage change paid clicks and cost-per-click the percentage change impressions and cost-per-impression. Click-based revenues generated our Network business are included impression-based metrics, that these metrics cover nearly all our Network business. The monetization metrics for Google properties revenues remain unchanged. Paid clicks for our Google properties represent engagement users and include clicks advertisements end-users related searches Google.com, clicks related advertisements other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; and viewed YouTube engagement ads. Impressions for our Google Network Members' properties include impressions displayed users served Google Network Members' properties participating primarily AdMob, AdSense for Content, AdSense for Search, and Google Manager (includes what was formerly DoubleClick AdExchange). Cost-per-click defined click-driven revenues divided our total number paid clicks and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each engagement users. Cost-per-impression defined impression-based and click-based revenues divided our total number impressions and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each impression displayed users. our business evolves, periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks our Google properties and the number impressions Google Network Members&#8217; properties and for identifying the revenues generated click activity our Google properties and the revenues generated impression activity Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Our advertising revenue growth, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google properties and the change impressions and cost-per-impression Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have fluctuated and may continue fluctuate because various factors, including: Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes advertising quality formats; &#8226; changes device mix; &#8226; changes foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; fees advertisers are willing pay based how they manage their advertising costs; &#8226; general economic conditions; &#8226; growth rates revenues within Google properties; &#8226; seasonality; and &#8226; traffic growth emerging markets compared more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels. Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time result number factors, including challenges maintaining our growth rate revenues increase higher levels, changes our product mix, increasing competition, query growth rates, our investments new business strategies, shifts the geographic mix our revenues, and the evolution the online advertising market. also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue affected evolving user preferences, the acceptance users our products and services they are delivered diverse devices and modalities, our ability create seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements foreign currency exchange rates. Google properties The following table presents our Google properties revenues (in millions), and changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Google properties revenues 63,785 77,788 96,336 Google properties revenues percentage Google segment revenues 70.9 70.5 70.7 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (21 (25 Google properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues that are generated on: &#8226; Google search properties which includes revenues from traffic generated search distribution partners who use Google.com their default search browsers, toolbars, etc.; and &#8226; Other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, and YouTube. Our Google properties revenues increased &#32; $18,548 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;and increased &#32; $14,003 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The growth during both periods was primarily driven increases mobile search resulting from ongoing growth user adoption and usage, well continued growth advertiser activity. also experienced growth YouTube driven primarily video advertising, well growth desktop search due improvements formats and delivery. Additionally, revenue growth from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;was favorably affected the general weakening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The growth from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;was partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The number paid clicks through our advertising programs Google properties increased from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;and from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;due growth YouTube engagement ads, increases mobile search queries, improvements have made formats and delivery, and continued global expansion our products, advertisers and user base. The positive effect our revenues from increase paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;and from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The decreases cost-per-click were primarily driven continued growth YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than our other advertising platforms. Cost-per-click was also affected changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google Network Members' properties The following table presents our Google Network Members' properties revenues (in millions) and changes our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Google Network Members' properties revenues 15,598 17,587 19,982 Google Network Members' properties revenues percentage Google segment revenues 17.3 15.9 14.7 Impressions change Cost-per-impression change Google Network Members' properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated from advertisements served Google Network Members' properties participating in: &#8226; AdMob; &#8226; AdSense (such AdSense for Content, AdSense for Search, etc.); and &#8226; Google Manager Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased &#32; $2,395 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The growth was primarily driven strength both AdMob and programmatic advertising buying, offset decline our traditional AdSense businesses. Additionally, the growth was favorably affected the general weakening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The increase impressions from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;resulted primarily from growth AdMob offset decrease from AdSense for Content due ongoing product changes. The increase cost-per-impression was primarily due ongoing product and policy changes and improvements have made formats and delivery and was also affected changes device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased &#32; $1,989 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The growth was primarily driven strength both programmatic advertising buying and AdMob, offset decline our traditional AdSense businesses and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The increase impressions from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;resulted primarily from growth programmatic advertising and AdMob, partially offset decrease from AdSense for Search. The increase cost-per-impression from 2016 &#32;to 2017 was primarily due ongoing product and policy changes and improvements have made formats and delivery and was also affected changes device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google other revenues The following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Google other revenues 10,601 15,003 19,906 Google other revenues percentage Google segment revenues 11.8 13.6 14.6 Google other revenues consist primarily revenues from: &#8226; Apps, in-app purchases, and digital content the Google Play store; &#8226; Google Cloud offerings; and &#8226; Hardware. Our Google other revenues increased &#32; $4,903 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase was primarily driven revenues from Google Cloud offerings, revenues from Google Play, largely relating in-app purchases (revenues which recognize net payout developers), and hardware sales. Our Google other revenues increased &#32; $4,402 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase was primarily driven revenues from Google Cloud offerings, hardware sales, and revenues from Google Play, largely relating in-app purchases (revenues which recognize net payout developers). Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other Bets The following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Other Bets revenues 288 477 595 Other Bets revenues percentage total revenues 0.3 0.4 0.4 Other Bets revenues consist primarily revenues and sales from internet and services well licensing and R&D services. Our Other Bets revenues increased &#32; $118 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;and increased &#32; $189 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 These increases were primarily driven revenues from sales Access internet and services and revenues from Verily licensing and R&D services. Revenues Geography The following table presents our revenues geography percentage revenues, determined based the addresses our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 United States EMEA APAC Other Americas For the amounts revenues geography, please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Use Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Growth The effect currency exchange rates our business important factor understanding period period comparisons. Our international revenues are favorably affected the U.S. dollar weakens relative other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected the U.S. dollar strengthens relative other foreign currencies. Our international revenues are also favorably affected net hedging gains and unfavorably affected net hedging losses. use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and means evaluate period-to-period comparisons. believe the presentation results constant currency basis addition GAAP results helps improve the ability understand our performance because they exclude the effects foreign currency volatility that are not indicative our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods exchange rates had remained constant period over period. define constant currency revenues total revenues excluding the effect foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use determine the constant currency revenue growth year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, well excluding any hedging effects realized the current period. Constant currency revenue growth (expressed percentage) calculated determining the increase current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues both periods. These results should considered addition to, not substitute for, results reported accordance with GAAP. Results constant currency basis, present them, may not comparable similarly titled measures used other companies and are not measure performance presented accordance with GAAP. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents the foreign exchange effect our international revenues and total revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 EMEA revenues 30,304 36,046 44,567 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates 1,291 (1,325 Exclude hedging effect recognized current period (479 190 172 EMEA constant currency revenues 31,116 36,231 43,414 Prior period EMEA revenues, excluding hedging effect 25,379 29,825 36,236 EMEA revenue growth EMEA constant currency revenue growth APAC revenues 12,559 16,235 21,374 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates (362 (49 Exclude hedging effect recognized current period (31 (43 (33 APAC constant currency revenues 12,166 16,218 21,292 Prior period APAC revenues, excluding hedging effect 9,564 12,528 16,192 APAC revenue growth APAC constant currency revenue growth Other Americas revenues 4,628 6,125 7,609 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates 344 (148 404 Exclude hedging effect recognized current period (29 Other Americas constant currency revenues 4,943 5,999 8,012 Prior period Other Americas revenues, excluding hedging effect 3,836 4,599 6,147 Other Americas revenue growth Other Americas constant currency revenue growth United States revenues 42,781 52,449 63,269 United States revenue growth Total revenues 90,272 110,855 136,819 Total constant currency revenues 91,006 110,897 135,987 Total revenue growth Total constant currency revenue growth Our EMEA revenues and revenue growth from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;were favorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Euro and British pound. Our EMEA revenues and revenue growth from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;were unfavorably affected hedging losses. Our APAC revenues and revenue growth from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;were favorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, well hedging benefits, primarily due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Japanese yen, offset the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Australian dollar. Our APAC revenues and revenue growth from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;were slightly affected hedging benefits and changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Japanese yen, offset the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Australian dollar, Indian rupee, South Korean won, and Taiwanese dollar. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our Other Americas revenues and revenue growth from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;were unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Brazilian real and Argentine peso. Our Other Americas revenues and revenue growth from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;were favorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Brazilian real and Canadian dollar, offset the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Argentine peso. Costs and Expenses Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists TAC which are paid Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed their properties and amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. The cost revenues related revenues generated from ads placed Google Network Members' properties are significantly higher than the cost revenues related revenues generated from ads placed Google properties because most the advertiser revenues from ads served Google Network Members&#8217; properties are paid TAC our Google Network Members. Additionally, other cost revenues (which the cost revenues excluding TAC) includes the following: &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated flat fee); &#8226; Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including stock-based compensation (SBC)), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and &#8226; Inventory related costs for hardware sell. The following tables present our cost revenues, including TAC (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 TAC 16,793 21,672 26,726 Other cost revenues 18,345 23,911 32,823 Total cost revenues 35,138 45,583 59,549 Total cost revenues percentage revenues 38.9 41.1 43.5 Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 TAC distribution partners 5,894 9,031 12,572 TAC distribution partners percentage Google properties revenues (1) (Google properties TAC rate) 9.2 11.6 13.1 TAC Google Network Members 10,899 12,641 14,154 TAC Google Network Members percentage Google Network Members' properties revenues (1) (Network Members TAC rate) 69.9 71.9 70.8 TAC 16,793 21,672 26,726 TAC percentage advertising revenues (1) (Aggregate TAC rate) 21.2 22.7 23.0 (1) Revenues include hedging gains (losses) which affect TAC rates. Cost revenues increased &#32; $13,966 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase &#32;was due increases TAC and other cost revenues $5,054 million &#32;and $8,912 million respectively. The increase TAC distribution partners from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;was result increase Google properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase the Google properties TAC rate was driven changes partner agreements and the ongoing shift mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are Table Contents Alphabet Inc. channeled through paid access points. The increase TAC Google Network Members from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;was result increase Google Network Members' properties revenues offset decrease the associated TAC rate. The decrease the Network Members TAC rate was primarily due shift lower TAC products within programmatic advertising buying. The increase the aggregate TAC rate from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;was result increase Google properties TAC rate, partially offset favorable revenue mix shift from Google Network Members' properties Google properties. Other cost revenues increased &#32; $8,912 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase &#32;was due increase data center and other operations costs, which was affected increased allocations primarily from general and administrative expenses; content acquisition costs result increased activities related YouTube; and hardware costs associated with new hardware launches. Cost revenues increased &#32; $10,445 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was due increase &#32;in TAC $4,879 million The increase TAC distribution partners was result increase Google properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase TAC Google Network Members was result increase Google Network Members' properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. &#32;The increase the Google properties TAC rate was driven changes partner agreements and the ongoing shift mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The increase the Network Members TAC rate was driven the continued underlying shift advertising buying from our traditional network business programmatic advertising buying. The increase the aggregate TAC rate was also partially offset favorable revenue mix shift from Google Network Members' properties Google properties. Other cost revenues increased &#32; $5,566 million &#32;from 2016 2017. The increase &#32;was due various factors, including increase data center and other operations costs, which include depreciation, compensation expenses (including SBC), energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs result business growth; hardware costs associated with new hardware launches; and content acquisition costs result increased activities related YouTube. expect cost revenues increase dollar amount and percentage total revenues future periods based number factors, including the following: &#8226; Google Network Members TAC rates, which are affected combination factors such geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies &#8226; Google properties TAC rates, which are affected changes device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms such revenue share arrangements, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points; &#8226; Growth rates expenses associated with our data centers and other operations, content acquisition costs, well our hardware inventory and related costs; &#8226; Higher cost revenues associated with the increased proportion non-advertising revenues relative our advertising revenues; and &#8226; Relative revenue growth rates Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties. Research and Development The following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Research and development expenses 13,948 16,625 21,419 Research and development expenses percentage revenues 15.5 15.0 15.7 R&D expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D our existing and new products and services; &#8226; Depreciation expenses; &#8226; Equipment-related expenses; and &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related consulting and outsourcing services. R&D expenses increased &#32; $4,794 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $3,518 million, largely resulting from 24% increase headcount. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses $499 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. million and $318 million, respectively, well increase professional services fees $305 million due additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting. R&D expenses increased &#32; $2,677 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $1,886 million, largely resulting from 16% increase headcount. addition, there was increase depreciation expenses $323 million and equipment-related expenses $246 million. expect that R&D expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. Sales and Marketing The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Sales and marketing expenses 10,485 12,893 16,333 Sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues 11.6 11.6 11.9 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Advertising and promotional expenditures related our products and services; and &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees engaged sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions. Sales and marketing expenses increased &#32; $3,440 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $1,418 million, largely resulting from 12% increase headcount. addition, there was increase advertising and promotional expenses $1,233 million, largely resulting from increases marketing and promotion-related expenses for our Cloud offerings and the Google Assistant. Sales and marketing expenses increased &#32; $2,408 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase advertising and promotional expenses $1,266 million, largely resulting from increases marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products, Cloud offerings, and YouTube. addition, there was increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $853 million, largely resulting from increase headcount. expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. General and Administrative The following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 General and administrative expenses 6,985 6,872 8,126 General and administrative expenses percentage revenues 7.7 6.2 5.9 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC and accrued performance fees related gains securities) and facilities-related costs for employees our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations; &#8226; Depreciation; &#8226; Equipment-related expenses; and &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services. General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $1,254 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $1,660 million, largely resulting from accrued performance fees primarily related gains equity securities. The increase was offset reduced allocations (with corresponding net increase primarily cost revenues). Table Contents Alphabet Inc. General and administrative expenses decreased &#32; $113 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The decrease &#32;was primarily from reduced allocations general and administrative expenses with offsetting increase cost revenues and other operating expenses. The decrease was partially offset increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $271 million, largely resulting from increase headcount. Additionally, there was increase professional service fees $253 million due additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting services. expect general and administrative expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. European Commission Fines June 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google regarding its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;2.4 billion ($2.7 billion June 27, 2017) fine, which was accrued the second quarter 2017. July 2018, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google's Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;4.3 billion ($5.1 billion June 30, 2018) fine, which was accrued the second quarter 2018. Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Other income (expense), net 434 1,047 8,592 Other income (expense), net, percentage revenues 0.5 0.9 6.3 Other income (expense), net, increased &#32; $7,545 million &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 This increase &#32;was primarily driven unrealized gains equity securities resulting from the adoption new accounting standard and the modification the terms non-marketable debt security resulting recognized unrealized gain. Other income (expense), net, increased &#32; $613 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 This increase was primarily driven reduced costs our foreign currency hedging activities, decreased losses marketable securities and increase interest income. expect other income (expense), net, will fluctuate dollar amount and percentage revenues future periods largely driven market dynamics. Beginning 2018, changes the value marketable and non-marketable equity security investments are reflected OI&E. Equity values generally change daily for marketable equity securities and upon the occurrence observable price changes upon impairment non-marketable equity securities. addition, volatility the global economic climate and financial markets could result significant change the value our equity securities. Fluctuations the value these investments could contribute the volatility OI&E future periods. For additional information about equity investments, please see Note &#32;and Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate: Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Provision for income taxes 4,672 14,531 4,177 Effective tax rate 19.3 53.4 12.0 Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2017 &#32;to 2018 due the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) which was enacted December 2017. Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2016 &#32;to 2017 due the effects the Tax Act related the one time-transition tax accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and creates new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively. Our future effective tax rate could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated countries that have higher statutory rates, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. Quarterly Results Operations The following tables presenting our quarterly results operations should read conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. have prepared the unaudited information the same basis our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative results for any future quarters for full year. The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2018 This table includes all adjustments, consisting only normal recurring adjustments, that consider necessary for fair presentation our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Both seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely continue affect, our business. Commercial queries typically increase significantly the fourth quarter each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue cause, fluctuations our quarterly results, including fluctuations sequential revenue growth rates. Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 Sept 30, 2017 Dec 31, 2017 Mar 31, 2018 Jun 30, 2018 Sept 30, 2018 Dec 31, 2018 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 24,750 26,010 27,772 32,323 31,146 32,657 33,740 39,276 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 9,795 10,373 11,148 14,267 13,467 13,883 14,281 17,918 Research and development 3,942 4,172 4,205 4,306 5,039 5,114 5,232 6,034 Sales and marketing 2,644 2,897 3,042 4,310 3,604 3,780 3,849 5,100 General and administrative 1,801 1,700 1,595 1,776 2,035 2,002 2,068 2,021 European Commission fines 2,736 5,071 Total costs and expenses 18,182 21,878 19,990 24,659 24,145 29,850 25,430 31,073 Income from operations 6,568 4,132 7,782 7,664 7,001 2,807 8,310 8,203 Other income (expense), net 251 245 197 354 3,542 1,408 1,773 1,869 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 6,819 4,377 7,979 8,018 10,543 4,215 10,083 10,072 Provision for income taxes 1,393 853 1,247 11,038 1,142 1,020 891 1,124 Net income (loss) 5,426 3,524 6,732 (3,020 9,401 3,195 9,192 8,948 Basic net income (loss) per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 7.85 5.09 9.71 (4.35 13.53 4.60 13.21 12.87 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 7.73 5.01 9.57 (4.35 13.33 4.54 13.06 12.77 Capital Resources and Liquidity December 31, 2018 had $109.1 billion &#32;in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. equivalents and marketable securities comprised time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. From time time, may hold Table Contents Alphabet Inc. marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions strategic investments private companies that subsequently public. December 2017, the Tax Act was enacted and resulted one-time transition tax accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings. After 2017, our foreign earnings held foreign subsidiaries are longer subject U.S. tax upon repatriation the U.S. December 31, 2018 the remaining long-term tax payable related the Tax Act $7.4 billion &#32;is presented within income tax payable, non-current our Consolidated Balance Sheets. permitted the Tax Act, will pay the transition tax annual interest-free installments through 2025. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, the announced decisions that certain actions taken Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines &#8364;2.4 billion ($2.7 billion June 27, 2017) and &#8364;4.3 billion ($5.1 billion June 30, 2018), respectively. While under appeal, fines are included accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets provided bank guarantees lieu cash payment for the respective fines. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Our principal sources liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, well the cash flow that generate from our operations. have short-term debt financing program $5.0 billion &#32;through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2018 have $4.0 billion &#32;of revolving credit facilities expiring July 2023 with amounts outstanding. The interest rate for the credit facilities determined based formula using certain market rates. believe that our sources funding will sufficient satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through least the next months. December 31, 2018 have senior unsecured notes outstanding due 2021, 2024, and 2026 with total carrying value $4.0 billion 2016 and 2018, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $7.0 billion and $8.6 billion its Class capital stock, respectively. The 2016 authorization was completed 2018. December 31, 2018 $1.7 billion remains available for repurchase. January 2019, our board directors authorized the repurchase additional $12.5 billion our Class capital stock. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related stock repurchases. The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Net cash provided operating activities 36,036 37,091 47,971 Net cash used investing activities (31,165 (31,401 (28,504 Net cash used financing activities (8,332 (8,298 (13,179 Cash Provided Operating Activities Our largest source cash provided our operations are advertising revenues generated Google properties and Google Network Members' properties. Additionally, generate cash through sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings Our primary uses cash from our operating activities include payments our Google Network Members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. addition, uses cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;primarily due increases cash received from advertising revenues and Google other revenues (net payouts app developers), offset increases cash paid for cost revenues and operating expenses. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily due increases cash received from advertising revenues and Google other revenues (net payouts app developers), offset increases cash paid for cost revenues, operating expenses, and income taxes. Cash Used Investing Activities Cash provided used investing activities primarily consists purchases property and equipment; purchases, maturities, and sales marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments for acquisitions. Net cash used investing activities decreased &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;primarily due decrease purchases marketable securities. The decrease was partially offset higher investments land and buildings for offices and data centers, well as, servers provide capacity for the growth our businesses. Generally, our investment office facilities driven workforce needs; and our investment data centers driven our compute and storage requirements and has lead time three years. Further, the decrease was partially offset increase payments for acquisitions and decrease maturities and sales marketable securities. Net cash used investing activities increased &#32;slightly from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily due increase purchases marketable securities and increase purchases property and equipment, partially offset increase the maturities and sales marketable securities, decrease cash collateral paid related securities lending, and increase proceeds received from collections notes receivables. Cash Used Financing Activities Cash provided used financing activities consists primarily net proceeds payments from stock-based award activities, repurchases capital stock, and net proceeds payments from issuance repayments debt. Net cash used financing activities increased &#32;from 2017 &#32;to 2018 &#32;primarily due higher cash payments for repurchases capital stock and stock-based award activities. Net cash used financing activities decreased &#32;slightly from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily due lower net cash payments from repayments and issuance debt, partially offset higher cash payments for repurchases capital stock. Contractual Obligations December 31, 2018 The following summarizes our contractual obligations December 31, 2018 (in millions): Payments Due Period Total Less than year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than years Operating lease obligations, net sublease income amounts (1) 10,047 1,303 2,711 2,122 3,911 Purchase obligations (2) 7,433 5,132 1,407 370 524 Long-term debt obligations (3) 4,689 134 1,220 154 3,181 Tax payable (4) 7,440 &#8212; 2,029 5,411 &#8212; Other long-term liabilities reflected our balance sheet (5) 2,443 341 638 416 1,048 Total contractual obligations 32,052 6,910 8,005 8,473 8,664 (1) For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related information technology assets and data center operation costs; purchases inventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. The amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion agreements the minimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing December 31, 2018 Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations. (3) Represents our principal and interest payments. For further information long-term debt, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. (4) Represents one-time transition tax payable incurred result the Tax Act. For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable $3.9 billion &#32;as December 31, 2018 &#32;primarily related uncertain tax positions, for which are unable make reasonably reliable estimate the timing payments individual years beyond months due uncertainties the timing tax audit outcomes. (5) Represents cash obligations recorded our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including the short-term portion these long-term liabilities, primarily for the construction offices and certain commercial agreements. These amounts not include the fines which are classified current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further information regarding the Table Contents Alphabet Inc. fines, refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements December 31, 2018 did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, defined Item 303(a)(4)(ii) Regulation S-K, that have are reasonably likely have current future effect our financial condition, changes our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources that material investors. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates prepare our consolidated financial statements accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). doing so, have make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, well related disclosure contingent assets and liabilities. some cases, could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. some cases, changes the accounting estimates are reasonably likely occur from period period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition results operations will affected. base our estimates past experience and other assumptions that believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and evaluate these estimates ongoing basis. refer accounting estimates this type critical accounting policies and estimates, which discuss further below. have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee our board directors. Please see Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for summary significant accounting policies and the effect our financial statements. Revenues For the sale third-party goods and services, evaluate whether are the principal, and report revenues gross basis, agent, and report revenues net basis. this assessment, consider obtain control the specified goods services before they are transferred the customer, well other indicators such the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion establishing price. Income Taxes are subject income taxes the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although believe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, assurance can given that the final tax outcome these matters will not different. adjust these reserves light changing facts and circumstances, such the closing tax audit the refinement estimate. the extent that the final tax outcome these matters different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which such determination made. The provision for income taxes includes the effect reserve provisions and changes reserves that are considered appropriate well the related net interest and penalties. addition, are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the Internal Revenue Services (IRS) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain these matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss the Notes the Consolidated Financial Statements. evaluate, regular basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes our disclosures appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood there being, and the estimated amount of, loss related such matters. Until the final resolution such matters, there may exposure loss excess the amount recorded, and such amounts could material. Should any Table Contents Alphabet Inc. our estimates and assumptions change prove have been incorrect, could have material effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events changes circumstances indicate that the carrying amount asset may not recoverable. The evaluation performed the lowest level identifiable cash flows independent other assets. impairment loss would recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement impairment loss would based the excess the carrying amount the asset group over its fair value. Valuation Non-marketable Equity Securities Beginning January 2018, our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either fair value under the measurement alternative upon the adoption ASU 2016-01. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value measured cost, less any impairment, plus minus changes resulting from observable price changes orderly transactions for the identical similar investment the same issuer. Determining whether observed transaction similar security within our portfolio requires judgment based the rights and obligations the securities. Recording upward and downward adjustments the carrying value our equity securities result observable price changes requires quantitative assessments the fair value our securities using various valuation methodologies and involves the use estimates. Non-marketable equity securities are also subject periodic impairment reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have significant effect the investment's fair value. Qualitative factors considered include industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. When indicators impairment exist, prepare quantitative assessments the fair value our equity investments using both the market and income approaches which require judgment and the use estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data private and public companies, among others. When our assessment indicates that impairment exists, measure our non-marketable securities fair value. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK are exposed financial market risks, including changes foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk transact business globally multiple currencies. Our international revenues, well costs and expenses denominated foreign currencies, expose the risk fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. For the purpose analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, considered the historical trends foreign currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse changes exchange rates 10% could experienced the near term. use foreign exchange forward contracts offset the foreign exchange risk our assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses the assets and liabilities are recorded other income (expense), net, which are offset the gains and losses the forward contracts. adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied total monetary assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currencies the balance sheet dates, would have resulted adverse effect income before income taxes approximately $52 million and million December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. The adverse effect December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;is after consideration the offsetting effect approximately $374 million for both periods from foreign exchange contracts place for the months ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and December 31, 2018 use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options) protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related our earnings. When the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but Table Contents Alphabet Inc. not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements. designate these contracts cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. reflect the gains losses foreign currency spot rate changes component AOCI and subsequently reclassify them into revenues offset the hedged exposures they occur. the U.S. dollar weakened 10% December 31, 2017 &#32;and December 31, 2018 the amount recorded AOCI related our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $950 million and $772 million lower December 31, 2017 &#32;and December 31, 2018 respectively. The change the value recorded AOCI would expected offset corresponding foreign currency change forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. During 2018, entered into foreign exchange forward contracts designated net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related our investment foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations. the U.S. dollar weakened 10%, the amount recorded cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related our net investment hedge would have been approximately $635 million lower December 31, 2018. The change value recorded CTA would expected offset corresponding foreign currency translation gain loss from our investment foreign subsidiaries. Interest Rate Risk Our investment strategy achieve return that will allow preserve capital and maintain liquidity requirements. invest primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. policy, limit the amount credit exposure any one issuer. Our investments both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry degree interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due rise interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted interest rates fall. Unrealized gains losses our marketable debt securities are primarily due interest rate fluctuations result higher market interest rates compared interest rates the time purchase. account for both fixed and variable rate securities fair value with gains and losses recorded AOCI until the securities are sold. use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis determine the potential effect fluctuations interest rates the value our marketable debt security portfolio. The VaR the expected loss fair value, for given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due adverse movements interest rates. use variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss fair value our marketable debt securities December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;are shown below (in millions): December 31, 12-Month Average December 31, 2017 2018 2017 2018 Risk Category Interest Rate Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;due the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount changes interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis not intended represent actual losses but used risk estimation. Equity Investment Risk Our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject wide variety market&#8209;related risks that could substantially reduce increase the fair value our holdings. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments privately held companies, some which are the startup development stages. record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method fair value based readily determinable market values, which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject market price volatility, and represent $1.2 billion &#32;of our investments December 31, 2018. hypothetical adverse price change 10%, which could experienced the near term, would decrease the fair value our marketable equity securities $120 million Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted fair value for observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer impairment (referred the Table Contents Alphabet Inc. measurement alternative). The fair value measured the time the observable transaction, which not necessarily indication the current fair value the balance sheet date. These investments, especially those that are the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies products these companies have under development are typically the early phases and may never materialize and they may experience decline financial condition, which could result loss substantial part our investment these companies. The success our investment any private company also typically dependent the likelihood our ability realize value our investments through liquidity events such public offerings, acquisitions, private sales other favorable market events reflecting appreciation the cost our initial investment. December 31, 2018, the carrying value our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $12.3 billion Valuations our equity investments private companies are inherently more complex due the lack readily available market data. Volatility the global economic climate and financial markets could result significant impairment charge our non-marketable equity securities. The carrying values our equity method investments generally not fluctuate based market price changes, however these investments could impaired the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For further information about our equity investments, please refer Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. INDEX CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements The supplementary financial information required this Item included Item under the caption &#8220;Quarterly Results Operations.&#8221; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion the Financial Statements have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. (the Company) December 31, 2017 and 2018, the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed the Index Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, all material respects, the financial position the Company December 31, 2017 and 2018, and the results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2018, conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2018, based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 2019 expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Adoption New Accounting Standard discussed Note the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure certain equity securities the year ended December 31, 2018. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility the Company's management. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s financial statements based our audits. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement, whether due error fraud. Our audits included performing procedures assess the risks material misstatement the financial statements, whether due error fraud, and performing procedures that respond those risks. Such procedures included examining, test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall presentation the financial statements. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Ernst Young LLP have served the Company's auditor since 1999. San Jose, California February 2019 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion Internal Control over Financial Reporting have audited Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2018, based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2018, based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2018 consolidated financial statements the Company and our report dated February 2019 expressed unqualified opinion thereon that included explanatory paragraph regarding the Company&#8217;s adoption new accounting standard for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure certain equity securities the year ended December 31, 2018. Basis for Opinion The Company&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitation Internal Control over Financial Reporting company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 2019 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands, and par value per share amounts) December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 10,715 16,701 Marketable securities 91,156 92,439 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 101,871 109,140 Accounts receivable, net allowance $674 and $729 18,336 20,838 Income taxes receivable, net 369 355 Inventory 749 1,107 Other current assets 2,983 4,236 Total current assets 124,308 135,676 Non-marketable investments 7,813 13,859 Deferred income taxes 680 737 Property and equipment, net 42,383 59,719 Intangible assets, net 2,692 2,220 Goodwill 16,747 17,888 Other non-current assets 2,672 2,693 Total assets 197,295 232,792 Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 3,137 4,378 Accrued compensation and benefits 4,581 6,839 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 10,177 16,958 Accrued revenue share 3,975 4,592 Deferred revenue 1,432 1,784 Income taxes payable, net 881 Total current liabilities 24,183 34,620 Long-term debt 3,969 4,012 Deferred revenue, non-current 340 396 Income taxes payable, non-current 12,812 11,327 Deferred income taxes 430 1,264 Other long-term liabilities 3,059 3,545 Total liabilities 44,793 55,164 Commitments and Contingencies (Note Stockholders&#8217; equity: Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class 9,000,000, Class 3,000,000, Class 3,000,000); 694,783 (Class 298,470, Class 46,972, Class 349,341) and 695,556 (Class 299,242, Class 46,636, Class 349,678) shares issued and outstanding 40,247 45,049 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (992 (2,306 Retained earnings 113,247 134,885 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 152,502 177,628 Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity 197,295 232,792 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Revenues 90,272 110,855 136,819 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 35,138 45,583 59,549 Research and development 13,948 16,625 21,419 Sales and marketing 10,485 12,893 16,333 General and administrative 6,985 6,872 8,126 European Commission fines 2,736 5,071 Total costs and expenses 66,556 84,709 110,498 Income from operations 23,716 26,146 26,321 Other income (expense), net 434 1,047 8,592 Income before income taxes 24,150 27,193 34,913 Provision for income taxes 4,672 14,531 4,177 Net income 19,478 12,662 30,736 Basic net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 28.32 18.27 44.22 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 27.85 18.00 43.70 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Net income 19,478 12,662 30,736 Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment (599 1,543 (781 Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) (314 307 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income 221 105 (911 Net change (net tax effect $0, $0, and $156) (93 412 (823 Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains (losses) 515 (638 290 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income (351 Net change (net tax effect $64, $247, and $103) 164 (545 388 Other comprehensive income (loss) (528 1,410 (1,216 Comprehensive income 18,950 14,072 29,520 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands) Class and Class Common Stock, Class Capital Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2015 687,348 32,982 (1,874 89,223 120,331 Cumulative effect accounting change 180 (133 Common and capital stock issued 9,106 298 298 Stock-based compensation expense 6,700 6,700 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (3,597 (3,597 Repurchases capital stock (5,161 (256 (3,437 (3,693 Net income 19,478 19,478 Other comprehensive loss (528 (528 Balance December 31, 2016 691,293 36,307 (2,402 105,131 139,036 Cumulative effect accounting change (15 (15 Common and capital stock issued 8,652 212 212 Stock-based compensation expense 7,694 7,694 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (4,373 (4,373 Repurchases capital stock (5,162 (315 (4,531 (4,846 Sale subsidiary shares 722 722 Net income 12,662 12,662 Other comprehensive income 1,410 1,410 Balance December 31, 2017 694,783 40,247 (992 113,247 152,502 Cumulative effect accounting change (98 (599 (697 Common and capital stock issued 8,975 148 148 Stock-based compensation expense 9,353 9,353 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other (4,782 (4,782 Repurchases capital stock (8,202 (576 (8,499 (9,075 Sale subsidiary shares 659 659 Net income 30,736 30,736 Other comprehensive loss (1,216 (1,216 Balance December 31, 2018 695,556 45,049 (2,306 134,885 177,628 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Operating activities Net income 19,478 12,662 30,736 Adjustments: Depreciation and impairment property and equipment 5,267 6,103 8,164 Amortization and impairment intangible assets 877 812 871 Stock-based compensation expense 6,703 7,679 9,353 Deferred income taxes (38 258 778 (Gain) loss debt and equity securities, net (6,650 Other 376 294 (189 Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable (2,578 (3,768 (2,169 Income taxes, net 3,125 8,211 (2,251 Other assets 312 (2,164 (1,207 Accounts payable 110 731 1,067 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,515 4,891 8,614 Accrued revenue share 593 955 483 Deferred revenue 223 390 371 Net cash provided operating activities 36,036 37,091 47,971 Investing activities Purchases property and equipment (10,212 (13,184 (25,139 Proceeds from disposals property and equipment 240 Purchases marketable securities (84,509 (92,195 (50,158 Maturities and sales marketable securities 66,895 73,959 48,507 Purchases non-marketable investments (1,109 (1,745 (2,073 Maturities and sales non-marketable investments 494 533 1,752 Cash collateral related securities lending (2,428 Investments reverse repurchase agreements 450 Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangible assets (986 (287 (1,491 Proceeds from collection notes receivable 1,419 Net cash used investing activities (31,165 (31,401 (28,504 Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities (3,304 (4,166 (4,993 Repurchases capital stock (3,693 (4,846 (9,075 Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs 8,729 4,291 6,766 Repayments debt (10,064 (4,377 (6,827 Proceeds from sale subsidiary shares 800 950 Net cash used financing activities (8,332 (8,298 (13,179 Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents (170 405 (302 Net increase (decrease) cash and cash equivalents (3,631 (2,203 5,986 Cash and cash equivalents beginning period 16,549 12,918 10,715 Cash and cash equivalents end period 12,918 10,715 16,701 Supplemental disclosures cash flow information Cash paid for taxes, net refunds 1,643 6,191 5,671 Cash paid for interest, net amounts capitalized See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. NOTES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note Nature Operations and Summary Significant Accounting Policies &#32; Nature Operations Google was incorporated California September 1998 and re-incorporated the State Delaware August 2003. 2015, implemented holding company reorganization, and result, Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet) became the successor issuer Google. generate revenues primarily delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising. Basis Consolidation The consolidated financial statements Alphabet include the accounts Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. Noncontrolling interests are not presented separately the amounts are not material. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use Estimates Preparation consolidated financial statements conformity with generally accepted accounting principles the United States (GAAP) requires make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. ongoing basis, evaluate our estimates, including those related the bad debt allowance, sales allowances, fair values financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. base our estimates assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believed reasonable, the results which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values assets and liabilities. Revenue Recognition recognize revenues when transfer control promised goods services our customers amount that reflects the consideration which expect entitled exchange for those goods services. See Note for further discussion Revenues. Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists TAC and other costs revenues. TAC represents the amounts paid Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed their properties and amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. Other costs revenues (which the cost revenues excluding TAC) include the following: &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated flat fee); &#8226; Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expense (including SBC), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and &#8226; Inventory related costs for hardware sell. Stock-based Compensation Stock-based compensation primarily consists Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured the fair market value the underlying stock the grant date. recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period and account for forfeitures they occur. For RSUs, shares are issued the vesting dates net the applicable statutory tax withholding paid behalf our employees. result, fewer shares are issued than the number RSUs outstanding. record liability for the tax withholding paid reduction additional paid-in capital. Additionally, stock-based compensation includes other types stock-based awards that may settled the stock certain our Other Bets cash. Awards that are liability classified are remeasured fair value through settlement maturity. The fair value such awards based the valuation equity the respective Other Bet. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Performance Fees have compensation arrangements with payouts based realized investment returns. recognize compensation expense based the estimated payouts. Certain Risks and Concentrations Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which highly competitive and rapidly changing. addition, our revenues are generated from multitude vertical market segments countries around the world. Significant changes this industry changes customer buying advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results. are subject concentrations credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments, debt instruments issued municipalities the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. perform ongoing evaluations determine customer credit and limit the amount credit extend. generally not require collateral from our customers. maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations. &#32;individual customer groups affiliated customers represented more than 10% &#32;of our revenues 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 and 2018 generated approximately 47% 47% and 46% &#32;of our revenues, respectively, from customers based the U.S. See Note &#32;for further details. Fair Value Financial Instruments Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured fair value recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets that are measured fair value nonrecurring basis include non-marketable equity securities measured fair value when observable price changes are identified when non-marketable equity securities are impaired &#32;Other financial assets and liabilities are carried cost with fair value disclosed, required. Fair value exit price, representing the amount that would received sell asset paid transfer liability orderly transaction between market participants. such, fair value market-based measurement that determined based assumptions that market participants would use pricing asset liability. Assets and liabilities recorded fair value are measured and classified accordance with three-tier fair value hierarchy based the observability the inputs available the market used measure fair value: Level Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets liabilities active markets. Level Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments active markets, quoted prices for identical similar instruments markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable the market can derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Level Unobservable inputs that are supported little market activities. The fair value hierarchy requires entity maximize the use observable inputs and minimize the use unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities invest all excess cash primarily government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, time deposits, and money market funds. classify all investments that are readily convertible known amounts cash and have stated maturities three months less from the date purchase cash equivalents and those with stated maturities greater than three months marketable securities. determine the appropriate classification our investments marketable securities the time purchase and reevaluate such designation each balance sheet date. have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities available-for-sale. After consideration our risk versus reward objectives, well our liquidity requirements, may sell these debt securities prior their stated maturities. view these securities available Table Contents Alphabet Inc. support current operations, classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond months current assets under the caption marketable securities the Consolidated Balance Sheets. carry these securities fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net taxes, component stockholders&#8217; equity, except for unrealized losses determined other-than-temporary, which record within other income (expense), net. determine any realized gains losses the sale marketable debt securities specific identification method, and record such gains and losses component other income (expense), net. Non-Marketable Investments account for non-marketable equity investments through which exercise significant influence but not have control over the investee under the equity method. Beginning January 2018, our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are either carried fair value under the measurement alternative upon the adoption ASU 2016-01. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value measured cost, less any impairment, plus minus changes resulting from observable price changes orderly transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer. Adjustments are determined primarily based market approach the transaction date. classify our non-marketable investments non-current assets the Consolidated Balance Sheets those investments not have stated contractual maturity dates. account for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition debt security available-for-sale securities. Impairment Investments periodically review our debt and equity investments for impairment. For debt securities consider the duration, severity and the reason for the decline security value; whether more likely than not that will required sell the security before recovery its amortized cost basis; the amortized cost basis cannot recovered result credit losses. any impairment considered other-than-temporary, will write down the security its fair value and record the corresponding charge other income (expense), net. For equity securities consider impairment indicators such negative changes industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. indicators exist and the fair value the security below the carrying amount, write down the security fair value. Variable Interest Entities determine the inception each arrangement whether entity which have made investment which have other variable interests considered variable interest entity (VIE). consolidate VIEs when are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary VIE the party that meets both the following criteria: (1) has the power make decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance the VIE; and (2) has the obligation absorb losses the right receive benefits that either case could potentially significant the VIE. Periodically, assess whether any changes our interest relationship with the entity affect our determination whether the entity still VIE and, so, whether are the primary beneficiary. are not the primary beneficiary VIE, account for the investment other variable interests VIE accordance with applicable GAAP. Accounts Receivable record accounts receivable the invoiced amount. maintain allowance for doubtful accounts reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. review the accounts receivable amounts due from customers that are past due identify specific customers with known disputes collectability issues. determining the amount the reserve, make judgments about the creditworthiness significant customers based ongoing credit evaluations. Property and Equipment Property and equipment includes the following categories: land and buildings, information technology assets, construction progress, leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures. Land and buildings include land, offices, data centers and related building improvements. Information technology assets include servers and network equipment. account for property and equipment cost less accumulated depreciation. compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives the assets. depreciate buildings over periods seven &#32;to &#32;years. generally depreciate information technology assets over periods three &#32;to five &#32;years (specifically, three &#32;years for servers and three &#32;to five &#32;years for network equipment). depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter the remaining lease term the estimated useful lives the assets. Construction progress the construction development property and equipment that have not yet been placed service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land not depreciated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Inventory Inventory consists primarily finished goods and stated the lower cost and net realizable value. Cost computed using the first-in, first-out method. Software Development Costs expense software development costs, including costs develop software products the software component products sold, leased, marketed external users, before technological feasibility reached. Technological feasibility typically reached shortly before the release such products and result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented. Software development costs also include costs develop software used solely meet internal needs and cloud based applications used deliver our services. capitalize development costs related these software applications once the preliminary project stage complete and probable that the project will completed and the software will used perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented. Business Combinations include the results operations the businesses that acquire the acquisition date. allocate the purchase price the acquisitions the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based their estimated fair values. The excess the purchase price over the fair values identifiable assets and liabilities recorded goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed incurred. Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events changes circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not recoverable. measure recoverability these assets comparing the carrying amounts the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets the asset group are expected generate. the carrying value the assets are not recoverable, the impairment recognized measured the amount which the carrying value the asset exceeds its fair value. Impairments were not material for the periods presented. allocate goodwill reporting units based the expected benefit from the business combination. evaluate our reporting units when changes our operating structure occur, and necessary, reassign goodwill using relative fair value allocation approach. test our goodwill for impairment least annually, more frequently events changes circumstances indicate that the asset may impaired. Goodwill impairments were not material for the periods presented. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. amortize intangible assets straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one &#32;to twelve &#32;years. Income Taxes account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which recognize the amount taxes payable refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences events that have been recognized our financial statements tax returns. measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based provisions enacted tax law. evaluate the realization our deferred tax assets based all available evidence and establish valuation allowance reduce deferred tax assets when more likely than not that they will not realized. recognize the financial statement effects tax position when more likely than not that, based technical merits, the position will sustained upon examination. The tax benefits the position recognized the financial statements are then measured based the largest amount benefit that greater than 50% likely realized upon settlement with taxing authority. addition, recognize interest and penalties related unrecognized tax benefits component the income tax provision. Foreign Currency Generally, the functional currency our international subsidiaries the local currency. translate the financial statements these subsidiaries U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. record translation gains and losses accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) component stockholders&#8217; equity. reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion the transaction currency functional currency component foreign currency exchange losses other income (expense), net. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Advertising and Promotional Expenses expense advertising and promotional costs the period which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $3.9 billion $5.1 billion and $6.4 billion respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) "Leases." Topic 842 supersedes the lease requirements Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840, "Leases." Under Topic 842, lessees are required recognize assets and liabilities the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue classified either finance operating. will adopt Topic 842 effective January 2019 using modified retrospective method and will not restate comparative periods. permitted under the transition guidance, will carry forward the assessment whether our contracts contain are leases, classification our leases and remaining lease terms. Based our portfolio leases December 31, 2018, approximately billion &#32;of lease assets and liabilities will recognized our balance sheet upon adoption, primarily relating real estate. are substantially complete with our implementation efforts. June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13) "Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement Credit Losses Financial Instruments" which requires the measurement and recognition expected credit losses for financial assets held amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with expected loss model which requires the use forward-looking information calculate credit loss estimates. also eliminates the concept other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related available-for-sale debt securities recorded through allowance for credit losses rather than reduction the amortized cost basis the securities. These changes will result earlier recognition credit losses. will adopt ASU 2016-13 effective January 2020. are currently evaluating the effect the adoption ASU 2016-13 our consolidated financial statements. The effect will largely depend the composition and credit quality our investment portfolio and the economic conditions the time adoption. Recently adopted accounting pronouncements January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01) "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which amends various aspects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure financial instruments. adopted ASU 2016-01 January 2018 using the modified retrospective method for our marketable equity securities and the prospective method for our non-marketable equity securities. This resulted $98 million reclassification net unrealized gains from AOCI opening retained earnings. have elected use the measurement alternative for our non-marketable equity securities, defined cost adjusted for changes from observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer, less impairment. The adoption ASU 2016-01 increases the volatility our other income (expense), net, result the unrealized gain loss from the remeasurement our equity securities. For further information unrealized gains from equity securities, see Note October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-16 (ASU 2016-16) "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers Assets Other than Inventory." ASU 2016-16 generally accelerates the recognition income tax consequences for asset transfers between entities under common control. adopted ASU 2016-16 January 2018 using modified retrospective transition method, resulting $701 million reclassification prepaid income taxes related asset transfers that occurred prior adoption from other current and non-current assets opening retained earnings. Prior Period Reclassifications Certain amounts prior periods have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. Note Revenues &#32; Adoption ASC Topic 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" January 2017 adopted Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method applied those contracts which were not completed January 2017 Results for reporting periods beginning after January 2017 &#32;are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue reported accordance with our historic accounting under Topic 605. The effect from the adoption ASC 606 was not material our financial statements. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when control the promised goods services transferred our customers, amount that reflects the consideration expect entitled exchange for those goods services. The following table presents our revenues disaggregated revenue source (in millions). Sales and usage-based taxes are excluded from revenues. Year Ended December 31, 2016 (1) 2017 2018 Google properties 63,785 77,788 96,336 Google Network Members' properties 15,598 17,587 19,982 Google advertising revenues 79,383 95,375 116,318 Google other revenues 10,601 15,003 19,906 Other Bets revenues 288 477 595 Total revenues (2) 90,272 110,855 136,819 &#32; (1) noted above, prior period amounts have not been adjusted under the modified retrospective method. (2) Revenues include hedging gains (losses) $539 million $(169) million and $(138) million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively, which not represent revenues recognized from contracts with customers. The following table presents our revenues disaggregated geography, based the addresses our customers (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 United States 42,781 52,449 63,269 EMEA (1) 30,304 36,046 44,567 APAC (1) 12,559 16,235 21,374 Other Americas (1) 4,628 6,125 7,609 Total revenues (2) 90,272 100 110,855 100 136,819 100 (1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America (Other Americas). (2) Revenues include hedging gains (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 Advertising Revenues generate revenues primarily delivering advertising Google properties and Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Google properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated Google.com, the Google Search app, and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, and YouTube. Google Network Members&#8217; properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads (formerly AdWords), Google Manager part the Authorized Buyers marketplace (formerly DoubleClick AdExchange), and Google Marketing Platform (includes what was formerly DoubleClick Bid Manager), among others. offer advertising cost-per-click basis, which means that advertiser pays only when user clicks Google properties Google Network Members' properties when user views certain YouTube engagement ads. For these customers, recognize revenue each time user clicks the when user views the for specified period time. also offer advertising other bases such cost-per-impression, which means advertiser pays based the number times their ads are displayed Google properties Google Network Members&#8217; properties. For these customers, recognize revenue each time displayed. For ads placed Google Network Members&#8217; properties, evaluate whether are the principal (i.e., report revenues gross basis) agent (i.e., report revenues net basis). Generally, report advertising revenues for ads placed Google Network Members&#8217; properties gross basis, that is, the amounts billed our customers Table Contents Alphabet Inc. are recorded revenues, and amounts paid Google Network Members are recorded cost revenues. Where are the principal, control the advertising inventory before transferred our customers. Our control evidenced our sole ability monetize the advertising inventory before transferred our customers, and further supported being primarily responsible our customers and having level discretion establishing pricing. Other Revenues Google other revenues and Other Bets revenues consist primarily revenues from: &#8226; Apps, in-app purchases, and digital content the Google Play store; &#8226; Google Cloud offerings; &#8226; Hardware; and &#8226; Other miscellaneous products and services. relates Google other revenues, the most significant judgment determining whether are the principal agent for app sales and in-app purchases through the Google Play store. report revenues from these transactions net basis because our performance obligation facilitate transaction between app developers and end users, for which earn commission. Consequently, the portion the gross amount billed end users that remitted app developers not reflected revenues. Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, allocate revenues each performance obligation based its relative standalone selling price. generally determine standalone selling prices based the prices charged customers using expected cost plus margin. Customer Incentives and Credits Certain customers may receive cash-based incentives credits, which are accounted for variable consideration. estimate these amounts based the expected amount provided customers and reduce revenues recognized. believe that there will not significant changes our estimates variable consideration. Deferred Revenues record deferred revenues when cash payments are received due advance our performance, including amounts which are refundable. The increase &#32;in the deferred revenue balance for the twelve months ended &#32; December 31, 2018 &#32;is primarily driven cash payments received due advance satisfying our performance obligations, offset $1.5 billion &#32;of revenues recognized that were included the deferred revenue balance December 31, 2017 Our payment terms vary the type and location our customer and the products services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment due not significant. For certain products services and customer types, require payment before the products services are delivered the customer. Practical Expedients and Exemptions generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year less. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. not disclose the value unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with original expected length one year less and (ii) contracts for which recognize revenue the amount which have the right invoice for services performed. Note Financial Instruments &#32; Debt Securities classify our marketable debt securities within Level the fair value hierarchy because use quoted market prices the extent available alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs determine fair value. January 2018, reclassified our U.S. government notes included marketable debt securities from Level Level within the fair value hierarchy these securities are priced based combination quoted prices for identical similar instruments active markets and models with significant observable market inputs. Prior period amounts have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. The vast majority our government bond holdings are highly liquid U.S. government notes. classify our non-marketable debt securities within Level the fair value hierarchy because they are preferred stock and convertible notes issued private companies without quoted market prices. estimate the fair value Table Contents Alphabet Inc. our non-marketable debt securities, use combination valuation methodologies, including market and income approaches based prior transaction prices; estimated timing, probability, and amount cash flows; and illiquidity considerations. Financial information private companies may not available and consequently estimate the fair value based the best available information the measurement date. The following tables summarize our debt securities significant investment categories December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;(in millions): December 31, 2017 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Non-Marketable Securities Level Time deposits (1) 359 359 357 Government bonds (2) 51,548 (406 51,152 1,241 49,911 Corporate debt securities 24,269 (135 24,155 126 24,029 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 16,789 (180 16,622 16,622 92,965 (721 92,288 1,724 90,564 Level Non-marketable debt securities 1,083 811 1,894 1,894 Total 94,048 855 (721 94,182 1,724 90,564 1,894 December 31, 2018 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Non-Marketable Securities Level Time deposits (1) 2,202 2,202 2,202 Government bonds (2) 53,634 (414 53,291 3,717 49,574 Corporate debt securities 25,383 (316 25,082 25,038 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 16,918 (324 16,605 16,605 98,137 (1,054 97,180 5,963 91,217 Level Non-marketable debt securities 147 116 263 263 Total 98,284 213 (1,054 97,443 5,963 91,217 263 (1) December 31, 2017, the majority our time deposits were foreign deposits. December 31, 2018, the majority our time deposits are domestic deposits. (2) Government bonds are comprised primarily U.S. government notes, and also includes U.S. government agencies, foreign government bonds, and municipal securities. determine realized gains losses the sale extinguishment debt securities specific identification method. recognized gross realized gains $251 million $185 million and $1.3 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. recognized gross realized losses $304 million $295 million and $143 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. reflect these gains and losses component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value our investments marketable debt securities with stated contractual maturity dates, accounted for available-for-sale securities and classified the contractual maturity date the securities (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2018 Due year 23,669 Due year through years 54,504 Due years through years 2,236 Due after years 10,808 Total 91,217 The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were unrealized loss position December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 aggregated investment category and the length time that individual securities have been continuous loss position (in millions): December 31, 2017 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Government bonds (1) 28,836 (211 17,660 (195 46,496 (406 Corporate debt securities 18,300 (114 1,710 (21 20,010 (135 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 11,061 (105 3,449 (75 14,510 (180 Total 58,197 (430 22,819 (291 81,016 (721 December 31, 2018 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Government bonds (1) 12,019 (85 23,877 (329 35,896 (414 Corporate debt securities 10,171 (107 11,545 (209 21,716 (316 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 5,534 (75 8,519 (249 14,053 (324 Total 27,724 (267 43,941 (787 71,665 (1,054 (1) Government bonds are comprised primarily U.S. government notes, and also includes U.S. government agencies, foreign government bonds, and municipal securities. During the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 did not recognize any significant other-than-temporary impairment losses. Losses impairment are included component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. See Note for further details other income (expense), net. The following table presents reconciliation for our non-marketable debt securities measured and recorded fair value recurring basis, using significant unobservable inputs (Level (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 Beginning balance 1,165 1,894 Total net gains (losses) Included earnings (10 603 Included other comprehensive income 707 Purchases Sales (52 Settlements (1) (54 (2,228 Ending balance 1,894 263 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2018 the terms non-marketable debt security were modified resulting unrealized $1.3 billion &#32;gain recognized other income (expense), net and reclassification the security non-marketable equity securities. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Equity Investments The following discusses our marketable equity securities, non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized gains and losses marketable and non-marketable equity securities, well our equity securities accounted for under the equity method. Marketable equity securities Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks funds measured fair value and classified within Level and the fair value hierarchy because use quoted prices for identical assets active markets inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments active markets. Prior January 2018, accounted for the majority our marketable equity securities fair value with unrealized gains and losses recognized accumulated other comprehensive income the balance sheet. Realized gains and losses marketable equity securities sold impaired were recognized other income (expense), net. Starting January 2018, upon our adoption ASU 2016-01, unrealized gains and losses during the year are recognized other income (expense), net. Upon adoption, reclassified $98 million &#32; net unrealized gains related marketable equity securities from accumulated other comprehensive income opening retained earnings. The following table summarizes marketable equity securities measured fair value significant investment categories December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;(in millions): December 31, 2017 Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Level Money market funds 1,833 Marketable equity securities 340 1,833 340 Level Mutual funds (1) 252 Total 1,833 592 (1) The fair value option was elected for mutual funds with gains (losses) recognized other income (expense), net. December 31, 2018 Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Level Money market funds 3,493 Marketable equity securities 994 3,493 994 Level Mutual funds 228 Total 3,493 1,222 Non-marketable equity securities Our non-marketable equity securities are investments privately held companies without readily determinable market values. Prior January 2018, accounted for our non-marketable equity securities cost less impairment. Realized gains and losses non-marketable securities sold impaired were recognized other income (expense), net. December 31, 2017, non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the cost method had carrying value 4.5 billion &#32;and fair value approximately 8.8 billion January 2018, adopted ASU 2016-01 which changed the way account for non-marketable securities. The carrying value our non-marketable equity securities adjusted fair value for observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer impairment (referred the measurement alternative). All gains and losses non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized other income (expense), net. Because adopted ASU 2016-01 prospectively, recognize unrealized gains that occurred prior Table Contents Alphabet Inc. periods the first period after January 2018 when there observable transaction for our securities. Non-marketable equity securities remeasured during the year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;are classified within Level the fair value hierarchy because estimate the value based valuation methods using the observable transaction price the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations the securities hold. The following summary unrealized gains and losses recorded other income (expense), net, and included adjustments the carrying value non-marketable equity securities held December 31, 2018 &#32;(in millions): Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 Upward adjustments 4,285 Downward adjustments (including impairment) (178 Total unrealized gain (loss) for non-marketable equity securities 4,107 The following table summarizes the total carrying value our non-marketable equity securities held December 31, 2018 &#32;including cumulative unrealized upward and downward adjustments made the initial cost basis the securities (in millions): Initial cost basis (1) 8,168 Upward adjustments 4,285 Downward adjustments (including impairment) (178 Total carrying value the end the period 12,275 (1) Includes $2.2 billion &#32;for non-marketable equity security reclassified from non-marketable debt security during 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2018 included the $12.3 billion &#32;of non-marketable equity securities, $6.9 billion &#32;were measured fair value based observable market transactions, resulting net unrealized gain $4.1 billion Gains and losses marketable and non-marketable equity securities Realized and unrealized gains and losses for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;are summarized below (in millions): Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 Realized gain (loss) for equity securities sold during the period 1,458 Unrealized gain (loss) equity securities held the end the period (1) 4,002 Total gain (loss) recognized other income (expense), net 5,460 (1) Includes $4,107 million &#32;related non-marketable equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2018 Equity securities accounted for under the Equity Method December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 equity securities accounted for under the equity method had carrying value approximately $1.4 billion &#32;and $1.3 billion respectively. Our share gains and losses including impairment are included component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. See Note for further details other income (expense), net. Derivative Financial Instruments classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level the fair value hierarchy the valuation inputs are based quoted prices and market observable data similar instruments. recognize derivative instruments either assets liabilities the Consolidated Balance Sheets fair value. record changes the fair value (i.e., gains losses) the derivatives the Consolidated Statements Income either other income (expense), net, revenues, the Consolidated Balance Sheets AOCI, discussed below. result our adoption Accounting Standard Update No. 2017-12 (ASU 2017-12) "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements Accounting for Hedging Activities," the components excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness are recognized the same income statement line the hedged item beginning January 2018. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment foreign subsidiaries will adversely affected foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. also use interest rate derivative contracts hedge interest rate exposures our fixed income securities and debt issuances. Our program not used for trading speculative purposes. enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk permitting net settlement transactions with the same counterparty. further reduce credit risk, enter into collateral security arrangements under which the counterparty required provide collateral when the net fair value certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. can take possession the collateral the event counterparty default. December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 received cash collateral related the derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements $15 million &#32;and $327 million respectively, which was included other current assets. Cash Flow Hedges use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options), designated cash flow hedges hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The notional principal these contracts was approximately $11.7 billion &#32;and $11.8 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. These contracts have maturities months &#32;or less. For forwards and option contracts, exclude the change the forward points and time value from our assessment hedge effectiveness. The initial value the excluded component amortized straight-line basis over the life the hedging instrument and recognized revenues. The difference between fair value changes the excluded component and the amount amortized revenues recorded AOCI. reflect the gains losses cash flow hedge included our hedge effective assessment component AOCI and subsequently reclassify these gains and losses revenues when the hedged transactions are recorded. the hedged transactions become probable not occurring, the corresponding amounts AOCI are immediately reclassified other income (expense), net. &#32; December 31, 2018 the net gain loss our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was net accumulated gain $247 million which net gain $247 million &#32;is expected reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next months. Fair Value Hedges use forward contracts designated fair value hedges hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. exclude changes forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded component other income (expense), net. The notional principal these contracts was $2.9 billion &#32;and $2.0 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. Gains and losses these forward contracts are recognized other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses the related hedged items. Net Investment Hedges During the year ended December 31, 2018 entered into forward contracts designated net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related our investment foreign subsidiaries. exclude changes forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded component other income (expense), net. The notional principal these contracts was $6.7 billion &#32;as December 31, 2018 Gains and losses these forward contracts are recognized AOCI part the foreign currency translation adjustment. Other Derivatives Other derivatives not designated hedging instruments consist foreign currency forward contracts that use hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency subsidiary. recognize gains and losses these contracts, well the related costs other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses monetary assets and liabilities. The notional principal the outstanding foreign exchange contracts was $15.2 billion &#32;and $20.1 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The fair values our outstanding derivative instruments were follows (in millions): December 31, 2017 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-current assets Total Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current 230 122 352 Total 230 122 352 December 31, 2018 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-current assets 459 513 Total 459 513 Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current 228 233 Total 228 233 The gains (losses) derivatives cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized other comprehensive income (OCI) are summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized OCI Derivatives Before Tax Effect Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount included the assessment effectiveness 773 (955 332 Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Derivatives Net Investment Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount included the assessment effectiveness 136 Total 773 (955 494 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The effect derivative instruments income summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Revenues Other income (expense), net Revenues Other income (expense), net Revenues Other income (expense), net Total amounts presented the Consolidated Statements Income which the effects cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded 90,272 434 110,855 1,047 136,819 8,592 Gains (Losses) Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI income 539 (169 (139 Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness recognized earnings based amortization approach Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness (381 Gains (Losses) Derivatives Fair Value Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Hedged items (139 197 (96 Derivatives designated hedging instruments 139 (197 Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Gains (Losses) Derivatives Net Investment Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Gains (Losses) Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Derivatives not designated hedging instruments 130 (230 Total gains (losses) 539 (245 (169 (124 (138 169 Offsetting Derivatives present our forwards and purchased options gross fair values the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For foreign currency collars, present net fair values where both purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. Our master netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 information related these offsetting arrangements were follows (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Offsetting Assets December 31, 2017 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 102 (22 (64 (1) December 31, 2018 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 569 (56 513 (90 (1) (307 (14 102 (1) The balances December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;were related derivative liabilities which are allowed net settled against derivative assets accordance with our master netting agreements. Offsetting Liabilities December 31, 2017 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives 374 (22 352 (64 (2) 288 December 31, 2018 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives 289 (56 233 (90 (2) 143 (2) The balances December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;were related derivative assets which are allowed net settled against derivative liabilities accordance with our master netting agreements. Note Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) &#32; Consolidated VIEs consolidate VIEs which hold variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. are the primary beneficiary because have the power direct activities that most significantly affect their economic performance and have the obligation absorb the majority their losses benefits. The results operations and financial position these VIEs are included our consolidated financial statements. &#32;For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available and their creditors not have recourse us. December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 assets that can only used settle obligations these VIEs were $1.7 billion &#32;and $2.4 billion respectively, and the liabilities for which creditors only have recourse the VIEs were $997 million &#32;and $909 million respectively. Calico Calico life science company with mission harness advanced technologies increase our understanding the biology that controls lifespan. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. September 2014, AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) and Calico entered into research and development collaboration agreement intended help both companies discover, develop, and bring market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer. the second quarter 2018, AbbVie and Calico amended the collaboration agreement resulting increase total commitments. December 31, 2018 AbbVie has contributed $750 million &#32;to fund the collaboration pursuant the agreement and committed additional $500 million &#32;which will paid the fourth quarter 2019. December 31, 2018 Calico has contributed $500 million &#32;and has committed additional $750 million Calico has used its scientific expertise establish world-class research and development facility, with focus drug discovery and early drug development; and AbbVie provides scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise bring new discoveries market. Both companies share costs and profits for projects covered under this agreement equally. AbbVie's contribution has been recorded liability Calico's financial statements, which reduced and reflected reduction research and development expense eligible research and development costs are incurred Calico. December 31, 2018 have contributed $480 million &#32;to Calico exchange for Calico convertible preferred units and are committed fund additional $750 million &#32;on as-needed basis and subject certain conditions. Verily Verily life science company with mission make the world's health data useful that people enjoy healthier lives. 2017, Temasek, Singapore-based investment company, purchased noncontrolling interest Verily for aggregate $800 million &#32;in cash. December 2018, Verily received $900 million &#32;in cash from $1.0 billion &#32;investment round. The remaining $100 million &#32;is expected received the first quarter 2019. These transactions were accounted for equity transactions and gain loss was recognized. Unconsolidated VIEs Certain renewable energy investments included our non-marketable equity investments accounted for under the equity method are VIEs. These entities' activities involve power generation using renewable sources. have determined that the governance structures these entities not allow direct the activities that would significantly affect their economic performance such setting operating budgets. Therefore, not consolidate these VIEs our consolidated financial statements. The carrying value and maximum exposure these VIEs were $896 million &#32;and $705 million &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. The maximum exposure based current investments date. have determined the single source our exposure these VIEs our capital investment them. Other unconsolidated VIEs were not material December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 Note Debt &#32; Short-Term Debt have debt financing program $5.0 billion &#32;through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had &#32;commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 Long-Term Debt Google issued $3.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes three &#32;tranches (collectively, 2011 Notes) May 2011, due 2014, 2016, and 2021, well $1.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes (2014 Notes) February 2014 due 2024. April 2016, completed exchange offer with eligible holders Google&#8217;s 2011 Notes due 2021 and 2014 Notes due 2024 (collectively, the Google Notes). aggregate principal amount approximately $1.7 billion &#32;of the Google Notes was exchanged for approximately $1.7 billion &#32;of Alphabet notes with identical interest rate and maturity. Because the exchange was between parent and the subsidiary company and for substantially identical notes, the change was treated debt modification for accounting purposes with &#32;gain loss recognized. August 2016, Alphabet issued $2.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes (2016 Notes) due 2026. The net proceeds from the issuance the 2016 Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment outstanding Table Contents Alphabet Inc. commercial paper. The Alphabet notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 rank equally with each other and are structurally subordinate the outstanding Google Notes. &#32;The total outstanding long-term debt summarized below (in millions): December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 3.625% Notes due May 19, 2021 1,000 1,000 3.375% Notes due February 25, 2024 1,000 1,000 1.998% Notes due August 15, 2026 2,000 2,000 Unamortized discount for the Notes above (57 (50 Subtotal (1) 3,943 3,950 Capital lease obligation Total long-term debt 3,969 4,012 (1) Includes the outstanding (and unexchanged) Google Notes issued 2011 and 2014 and the Alphabet notes exchanged 2016. The effective interest yields based proceeds received from the outstanding notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 were 3.734% 3.377% and 2.231% respectively, with interest payable semi-annually. may redeem these notes any time whole part specified redemption prices. The total estimated fair value all outstanding notes was approximately $4.0 billion &#32;and $3.9 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 respectively. The fair value was determined based observable market prices identical instruments less active markets and categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. December 31, 2018 the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt including long-term capital leases for each the next five years and thereafter are follows (in millions): 2019 2020 2021 1,003 2022 2023 Thereafter 3,039 Total 4,062 Credit Facility December 31, 2018 have $4.0 billion &#32;of revolving credit facilities which expire July 2023. The interest rate for the credit facilities determined based formula using certain market rates. &#32;amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 Note Supplemental Financial Statement Information &#32; Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, consisted the following (in millions): December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 Land and buildings 23,183 30,179 Information technology assets 21,429 30,119 Construction progress 10,491 16,838 Leasehold improvements 4,496 5,310 Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross 59,647 82,507 Less: accumulated depreciation (17,264 (22,788 Property and equipment, net 42,383 59,719 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 assets under capital lease with cost basis $390 million &#32;and $648 million respectively, were included property and equipment. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted the following (in millions): December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 European Commission fines (1) 2,874 7,754 Accrued customer liabilities 1,489 1,810 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 5,814 7,394 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 10,177 16,958 (1) Includes the effects foreign exchange and interest. &#32; See Note &#32;for further details Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The components AOCI, net tax, were follows (in millions): Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance December 31, 2015 (2,047 (86 259 (1,874 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (599 (314 515 (398 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 221 (351 (130 Other comprehensive income (loss) (599 (93 164 (528 Balance December 31, 2016 (2,646 (179 423 (2,402 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 1,543 307 (638 1,212 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 105 198 Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,543 412 (545 1,410 Balance December 31, 2017 (1,103 233 (122 (992 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1) (781 (10 264 (527 Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI (911 (813 Other comprehensive income (loss) (781 (921 388 (1,314 Balance December 31, 2018 (1,884 (688 266 (2,306 (1) The change unrealized gains (losses) available-for-sale investments included $98 million &#32; adjustment net unrealized gains related marketable equity securities from AOCI opening retained earnings result the adoption ASU 2016-01 January 2018. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The effects net income amounts reclassified from AOCI were follows (in millions): Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI the Consolidated Statements Income Year Ended December 31, AOCI Components Location 2016 2017 2018 Unrealized gains (losses) available-for-sale investments Other income (expense), net (221 (105 1,190 Provision for income taxes (279 Net tax (221 (105 911 Unrealized gains (losses) cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue 539 (169 (139 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Benefit (provision) for income taxes (193 Net tax 351 (93 (98 Total amount reclassified, net tax 130 (198 813 Other Income (Expense), Net The components other income (expense), net, were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Interest income 1,220 1,312 1,878 Interest expense (1) (124 (109 (114 Foreign currency exchange losses, net (2) (475 (121 (80 Gain (loss) debt securities, net (3) (53 (110 1,190 Gain (loss) equity securities, net (20 5,460 Loss and impairment from equity method investments, net (202 (156 (120 Other 158 378 Other income (expense), net 434 1,047 8,592 (1) Interest expense net interest capitalized million $48 million and $92 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. (2) Our foreign currency exchange losses, net, are related the option premium costs and forwards points for our foreign currency hedging contracts, our foreign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion the transaction currency the functional currency, offset the foreign currency hedging contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were $112 million $226 million and $195 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. (3) During the year ended December 31, 2018, the terms non-marketable debt security were modified resulting unrealized $1.3 billion &#32;gain. Note Acquisitions &#32; 2018 Acquisitions HTC Corporation (HTC) January 2018, completed the acquisition team engineers and non-exclusive license intellectual property from HTC for $1.1 billion &#32;in cash. aggregate, $10 million was cash acquired, $165 million was attributed intangible assets, $934 million was attributed goodwill, and million was attributed net liabilities assumed. Goodwill, which was included the Google segment, not deductible for tax purposes. expect this transaction accelerate Google&#8217;s ongoing hardware efforts. The transaction was accounted for business combination. Other Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2018 completed other &#32;acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $573 million aggregate, $10 million &#32;was cash acquired, $295 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $293 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $25 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities Table Contents Alphabet Inc. assumed These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings and expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $81 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions, including HTC, have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually the aggregate. For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2018 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 3.7 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 2.3 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 3.7 &#32;years. 2017 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2017 completed various &#32;acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $322 million aggregate, $12 million &#32;was cash acquired, $117 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $221 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $28 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings and expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $60 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually aggregate. For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2017 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 3.7 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 2.0 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 8.8 &#32;years. Note Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets &#32; Goodwill Changes the carrying amount goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;were follows (in millions): Google Other Bets Total Consolidated Balance December 31, 2016 16,027 441 16,468 Acquisitions 212 221 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2017 16,295 452 16,747 Acquisitions 1,227 1,227 Transfers (80 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments (81 (86 Balance December 31, 2018 17,521 367 17,888 Other Intangible Assets Information regarding purchased intangible assets were follows (in millions): December 31, 2017 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Patents and developed technology 5,260 3,040 2,220 Customer relationships 359 263 Trade names and other 544 168 376 Total 6,163 3,471 2,692 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2018 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Patents and developed technology 5,125 3,394 1,731 Customer relationships 349 308 Trade names and other 703 255 448 Total 6,177 3,957 2,220 Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives 3.0 &#32;years, 0.5 &#32;years, and 3.8 &#32;years, respectively. Amortization expense relating purchased intangible assets was $833 million $796 million and $865 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. December 31, 2018 expected amortization expense relating purchased intangible assets for each the next five years and thereafter follows (in millions): 2019 712 2020 585 2021 533 2022 201 2023 Thereafter 182 2,220 Note Commitments and Contingencies &#32; Operating Leases have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for data centers and land and offices throughout the world with lease periods expiring between 2019 &#32;and 2063 are committed pay portion the actual operating expenses under certain these lease agreements. These operating expenses are not included the table below. Certain these arrangements have free escalating rent payment provisions. recognize rent expense straight-line basis. December 31, 2018 future minimum payments under operating leases having initial remaining non-cancelable lease terms excess one year, net sublease income amounts, were follows (in millions): Operating Leases (1) Sub-lease Income Net Operating Leases 2019 1,319 1,303 2020 1,397 1,384 2021 1,337 1,327 2022 1,153 1,145 2023 980 977 Thereafter 3,916 3,911 Total minimum payments 10,102 10,047 (1) Includes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced. have entered into certain non-cancelable lease agreements with lease periods expiring between 2021 &#32;and 2044 &#32;where are the deemed owner for accounting purposes new construction projects. Excluded from the table above are future minimum lease payments under such leases totaling approximately $3.5 billion for which $1.5 billion &#32;liability included the Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2018 Rent expense under operating leases was $897 million $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Purchase Obligations December 31, 2018 had $7.4 billion &#32;of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related data center operations and build-outs, digital media content licensing, and purchases inventory. Indemnifications the normal course business, facilitate transactions our services and products, indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network Members, and lessors with respect certain matters. have agreed hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from breach representations covenants, out intellectual property infringement other claims made against certain parties. Several these agreements limit the time within which indemnification claim can made and the amount the claim. addition, have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations our agents. not possible make reasonable estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due the unique facts and circumstances involved each particular agreement. Additionally, have limited history prior indemnification claims and the payments have made under such agreements have not had material adverse effect our results operations, cash flows, financial position. However, the extent that valid indemnification claims arise the future, future payments could significant and could have material adverse effect our results operations cash flows particular period. December 31, 2018 did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable reasonably possible. Legal Matters Antitrust Investigations November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us. April 15, 2015, the issued Statement Objections (SO) regarding the display and ranking shopping search results and ads, which responded August 27, 2015. July 14, 2016, the issued Supplementary regarding shopping search results and ads. June 27, 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google regarding its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;2.4 billion &#32;( $2.7 billion &#32;as June 27, 2017) fine. September 11, 2017, appealed the decision and September 27, 2017, implemented product changes bring shopping ads into compliance with the EC's decision. recognized charge $2.7 billion &#32;for the fine the second quarter 2017. While under appeal, the fine included accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets provided bank guarantees lieu cash payment for the fine. April 20, 2016, the issued regarding certain Android distribution practices. responded the and the EC's informational requests. July 18, 2018, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google&#8217;s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;4.3 billion &#32;( $5.1 billion &#32;as June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination the conduct issue. October 2018, appealed the decision and implemented changes certain our Android distribution practices. recognized charge $5.1 billion &#32;for the fine the second quarter 2018. While under appeal, the fine included accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets provided bank guarantees lieu cash payment for the fine. July 14, 2016, the issued regarding the syndication AdSense for Search. responded the and continue respond the EC's informational requests. There significant uncertainty the outcome this investigation; however, adverse decision could result fines and directives alter terminate certain conduct. Given the nature this case, are unable estimate the reasonably possible loss range loss, any. remain committed working with the resolve these matters. The Comision Nacional Defensa Competencia Argentina, the Competition Commission India (CCI), Brazil's Administrative Council for Economic Defense (CADE), and the Korean Fair Trade Commission have also opened investigations into certain our business practices. November 2016, responded the CCI Director General's report with interim findings competition law infringements regarding search and ads. February 2018, the CCI issued its final decision, including fine approximately $21 million finding violation competition law infringement most the issues investigated, but finding violations, including the display the &#8220;flights unit&#8221; search results, and contractual provision certain direct search intermediation agreements. have appealed the CCI decision. The fine was accrued for 2018. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Patent and Intellectual Property Claims have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Adverse results these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices, and require development non-infringing products technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become important forum litigate intellectual property disputes because ultimate loss for company its suppliers ITC action could result prohibition importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. important market, prohibition importation could have adverse effect us, including preventing from importing many important products into the U.S. necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features our products. Furthermore, many our agreements with our customers and partners require indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs result defending such claims, and may require that pay significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Our customers and partners may discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely affect our business. 2010, Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought copyright lawsuit against Google the Northern District California, alleging that Google's Android operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related certain Java application programming interfaces. After trial, final judgment was entered the district court favor Google June 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions favor Google. Oracle appealed and March 27, 2018, the appeals court reversed and remanded the case for trial damages. May 29, 2018, filed petition for banc rehearing the Federal Circuit, and August 28, 2018, the Federal Circuit denied the petition. January 24, 2019, filed petition the Supreme Court the United States review this case. believe this lawsuit without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Given the nature this case, are unable estimate the reasonably possible loss range loss, any, arising from this matter. Other are also regularly subject claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition (such the pending investigations described above), intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result fines, civil criminal penalties, other adverse consequences. Certain these outstanding matters include speculative, substantial indeterminate monetary amounts. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. evaluate developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both likelihood there being and the estimated amount loss related such matters. With respect our outstanding matters, based our current knowledge, believe that the amount range reasonably possible loss will not, either individually aggregate, have material adverse effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. However, the outcome such matters inherently unpredictable and subject significant uncertainties. expense legal fees the period which they are incurred. Non-Income Taxes are under audit various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards non-income tax matters. The subject matter non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes the tax treatment and tax rate applied the sale our products and services these jurisdictions and the tax treatment certain employee benefits. accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when loss probable and reasonably estimable. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. believe these matters are without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Due the inherent complexity and uncertainty these matters and judicial process certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may materially different from our expectations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note Note 10. Stockholders&#8217; Equity &#32; Convertible Preferred Stock Our board directors has authorized 100 million &#32;shares convertible preferred stock, $0.001 &#32;par value, issuable series. December 31, &#32; 2017 &#32;and 2018 &#32;shares were issued outstanding. Class and Class Common Stock and Class Capital Stock Our board directors has authorized three &#32;classes stock, Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock. The rights the holders each class our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Each share Class common stock entitled one &#32;vote per share. Each share Class common stock entitled &#32;votes per share. Class capital stock has &#32;voting rights, except required applicable law. Shares Class common stock may converted any time the option the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale transfer Class common stock. Share Repurchases October 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $7.0 billion &#32;of its Class capital stock, which was completed during 2018. January 2018, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $8.6 billion its Class capital stock. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. During the years ended December 31, &#32; 2017 &#32;and 2018 repurchased and subsequently retired 5.2 million &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount $4.8 billion &#32;and 8.2 million &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount $9.1 billion respectively. Note 11. Net Income Per Share compute net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock using the two-class method. Basic net income per share computed using the weighted-average number shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share computed using the weighted-average number shares and the effect potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect outstanding restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares reflected diluted earnings per share application the treasury stock method. The computation the diluted net income per share Class common stock assumes the conversion Class common stock, while the diluted net income per share Class common stock does not assume the conversion those shares. The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, the holders our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Furthermore, there are number safeguards built into our certificate incorporation, well Delaware law, which preclude our board directors from declaring paying unequal per share dividends our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments our certificate incorporation which would have the effect adversely altering the rights, powers, preferences given class stock must approved the class stock adversely affected the proposed amendment. addition, our certificate incorporation provides that before any such amendment may put stockholder vote, must approved the unanimous consent our board directors. result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based the contractual participation rights the Class and Class common shares and Class capital stock the earnings for the year had been distributed. the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated proportionate basis. the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 the net income per share amounts are the same for Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock because the holders each class are entitled equal per share dividends distributions liquidation accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Alphabet Inc. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following tables set forth the computation basic and diluted net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands and per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2016 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings 8,332 1,384 9,762 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 294,217 48,859 344,702 Basic net income per share 28.32 28.32 28.32 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 8,332 1,384 9,762 Effect dilutive securities equity method investments and subsidiaries (10 Allocation undistributed earnings for diluted computation 8,323 1,382 9,752 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,382 Reallocation undistributed earnings (94 (21 Allocation undistributed earnings 9,611 1,361 9,846 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 294,217 48,859 344,702 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 48,859 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,055 8,873 Number shares used per share computation 345,131 48,859 353,575 Diluted net income per share 27.85 27.85 27.85 Year Ended December 31, 2017 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings 5,438 862 6,362 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 297,604 47,146 348,151 Basic net income per share 18.27 18.27 18.27 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 5,438 862 6,362 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 862 Reallocation undistributed earnings (74 (14 Allocation undistributed earnings 6,226 848 6,436 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 297,604 47,146 348,151 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 47,146 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 1,192 9,491 Number shares used per share computation 345,942 47,146 357,642 Diluted net income per share 18.00 18.00 18.00 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2018 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings 13,200 2,072 15,464 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 298,548 46,864 349,728 Basic net income per share 44.22 44.22 44.22 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 13,200 2,072 15,464 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 2,072 Reallocation undistributed earnings (146 (24 146 Allocation undistributed earnings 15,126 2,048 15,610 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 298,548 46,864 349,728 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 46,864 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 689 7,456 Number shares used per share computation 346,101 46,864 357,184 Diluted net income per share 43.70 43.70 43.70 Note 12. Compensation Plans &#32; Stock Plans Under our 2012 Stock Plan, RSUs stock options may granted. RSU award agreement issue shares our publicly traded stock the time the award vests. Incentive and non-qualified stock options, rights purchase common stock, are generally granted for term &#32;years. RSUs granted participants under the 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over four &#32;years contingent upon employment service with the vesting date. December 31, 2018 there were 31,848,134 &#32;shares stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan. Stock-Based Compensation For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 total stock-based compensation expense was $6.9 billion $7.9 billion &#32;and $10.0 billion including amounts associated with awards expect settle Alphabet stock $6.7 billion $7.7 billion and $9.4 billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 recognized tax benefits total stock-based compensation expense, which are reflected the provision for income taxes the Consolidated Statements Income, $1.5 billion $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 tax benefit realized related awards vested exercised during the period was $2.1 billion $2.7 billion &#32;and $2.1 billion respectively. These amounts not include the indirect effects stock-based awards, which primarily relate the research and development tax credit. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock-Based Award Activities The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2018 Unvested Restricted Stock Units Number Shares Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value Unvested December 31, 2017 20,077,346 712.45 Granted 12,669,251 1,095.89 Vested (12,847,910 756.45 Forfeited/canceled (1,431,009 814.19 Unvested December 31, 2018 18,467,678 936.96 The weighted-average grant-date fair value RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, &#32; 2016 &#32;and 2017 was $713.89 &#32;and $845.06 respectively. Total fair value RSUs, their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, &#32; 2016 2017 and 2018 &#32;were $9.0 billion $11.3 billion and $14.1 billion respectively. December 31, 2018 there was $16.2 billion &#32;of unrecognized compensation cost related unvested employee RSUs. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period 2.5 years 401(k) Plans have two &#32;401(k) Savings Plans that qualify deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) the Internal Revenue Code. Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount the employees&#8217; contributions subject certain limitations. recognized expense approximately $385 million $448 million and $691 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. Performance Fees have compensation arrangements with payouts based realized investment returns. recognize compensation expense based the estimated payouts, which may result expense recognized before investment returns are realized. For the year ended December 31, 2018 performance fees $1.2 billion &#32;primarily related gains equity securities (for further information gains equity securities, see Note were accrued and recorded component general and administrative expenses. Note 13. Income Taxes &#32; Income from continuing operations before income taxes included income from domestic operations $12.0 billion $10.7 billion and $15.8 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively, and income from foreign operations $12.1 billion $16.5 billion and $19.1 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively. The provision for income taxes consists the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Current: Federal and state 3,826 12,608 2,153 Foreign 966 1,746 1,251 Total 4,792 14,354 3,404 Deferred: Federal and state (70 220 907 Foreign (50 (43 (134 Total (120 177 773 Provision for income taxes 4,672 14,531 4,177 The Tax Act &#32;enacted December 22, 2017 introduced significant changes U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduced the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and created new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Due the timing the enactment and the complexity involved applying the provisions the Tax Act, made reasonable estimates the effects and recorded provisional amounts our consolidated financial statements December 31, 2017. collected and prepared necessary data, and interpreted the additional guidance issued the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, made adjustments, over the course the year, the provisional amounts including refinements deferred taxes. The accounting for the tax effects the Tax Act has been completed December 31, 2018. One-time transition tax The Tax Act required pay U.S. income taxes accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax rate 15.5% &#32;to the extent foreign cash and certain other net current assets and &#32;on the remaining earnings. recorded provisional amount for our one-time transitional tax liability and income tax expense $10.2 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017. Deferred tax effects Due the change the statutory tax rate from the Tax Act, remeasured our deferred taxes December 31, 2017 reflect the reduced rate that will apply future periods when these deferred taxes are settled realized. recognized deferred tax benefit $376 million &#32;to reflect the reduced U.S. tax rate and other effects the Tax Act December 31, 2017. The reconciliation federal statutory income tax rate our effective income tax rate follows: Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 U.S. federal statutory tax rate 35.0 35.0 21.0 Foreign income taxed different rates (11.0 (14.2 (4.9 Effect the Tax Act One-time transition tax 0.0 37.6 (0.1 Deferred tax effects 0.0 (1.4 (1.2 Federal research credit (2.0 (1.8 (2.4 Stock-based compensation expense (3.4 (4.5 (2.2 European Commission fine 0.0 3.5 3.1 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 0.1 0.9 (2.0 Other adjustments 0.6 (1.7 0.7 Effective tax rate 19.3 53.4 12.0 Our effective tax rate for each the years presented was affected earnings realized foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lower than the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all the income from foreign operations was earned Irish subsidiary. Beginning 2018, earnings realized foreign jurisdictions are subject U.S. tax accordance with the Tax Act. July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, opinion Altera Corp. Commissioner, invalidated the portion the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants cost sharing arrangement share stock-based compensation costs. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision December 28, 2015. The IRS served Notice Appeal February 22, 2016 and the case being heard the Ninth Circuit Court Appeals. The Ninth Circuit Court Appeals overturned the Tax Court&#8217;s decision opinion issued July 24, 2018, but withdrew that opinion order issued August 2018 allow time for reconstituted panel confer the appeal. this time, the Ninth Circuit Court Appeals has not issued final decision, and the U.S. Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement include stock-based compensation from its regulations. have evaluated the opinion and continue record tax benefit related reimbursement cost share payments for the previously shared stock-based compensation costs. accordance with the Tax Act, the Altera tax benefit was remeasured from 35% 21%. also remeasured the tax benefit expected realized upon settlement including the expected future new taxes enacted the Tax Act due upon resolution the matter. The tax liability recorded December 31, 2016 for the U.S. tax cost the potential repatriation associated with the contingent foreign earnings was reversed due the Tax Act introducing territorial tax system and providing 100% dividend received deduction certain qualified dividends from foreign subsidiaries. will continue monitor developments related the case and the potential effect our consolidated financial statements. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects temporary differences between the carrying amounts assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. recorded provisional adjustment our U.S. deferred income taxes December 31, 2017 reflect the reduction the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% resulting from the Tax Act. Significant components our deferred tax assets and liabilities are follows (in millions): December 31, 2017 2018 Deferred tax assets: Stock-based compensation expense 251 291 Accrued employee benefits 285 387 Accruals and reserves not currently deductible 717 1,062 Tax credits 1,187 1,979 Basis difference investment Arris 849 657 Prepaid cost sharing 498 597 Net operating losses 320 557 Other 244 251 Total deferred tax assets 4,351 5,781 Valuation allowance (2,531 (2,817 Total deferred tax assets net valuation allowance 1,820 2,964 Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment (551 (1,382 Identified intangibles (419 (229 Renewable energy investments (531 (500 Investment gains/losses (22 (1,143 Other (47 (237 Total deferred tax liabilities (1,570 (3,491 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 250 (527 December 31, 2018 our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $1.2 billion &#32;and $1.4 billion respectively. not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2019. more likely than not that certain federal net operating loss carryforwards and our state net operating loss carryforwards will not realized; therefore, have recorded valuation allowance against them. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject various annual limitations under the tax laws the different jurisdictions. Our foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were $950 million &#32;that will begin expire 2021. December 31, 2018 our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $2.4 billion &#32;that can carried over indefinitely. believe the state tax credit not likely realized. December 31, 2018 maintained valuation allowance with respect California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operating losses, and certain foreign net operating losses that believe are not likely realized. Due gains from equity securities recognized 2018, released the valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis difference our investments Arris shares received from the sale the Motorola Home business Arris 2013. continue reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly and future evidence allows for partial full release the valuation allowance, tax benefit will recorded accordingly. For further information the unrealized gains related marketable equity securities recognized other income (expenses), see Note Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes the activity related our gross unrecognized tax benefits from January 2016 &#32;to December 31, 2018 &#32;(in millions): 2016 2017 2018 Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits 4,167 5,393 4,696 Increases related prior year tax positions 899 685 321 Decreases related prior year tax positions (157 (257 (623 Decreases related settlement with tax authorities (196 (1,875 (191 Increases related current year tax positions 680 750 449 Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits 5,393 4,696 4,652 The total amount gross unrecognized tax benefits was $5.4 billion $4.7 billion and $4.7 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 2017 and 2018 respectively, which, $4.3 billion $3.0 billion and $2.9 billion recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. The decrease gross unrecognized tax benefits 2017 was primarily result the resolution multi-year U.S. audit. December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2018 had accrued $362 million &#32;and $490 million &#32;in interest and penalties provision for income taxes, respectively. file income tax returns the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two &#32;major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS currently examining our 2013 through 2015 tax returns. have also received tax assessments multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. continue defend any and all such claims presented. Our 2016 and 2017 tax years remain subject examination the IRS for U.S. federal tax purposes, and our 2011 through 2017 tax years remain subject examination the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits various other jurisdictions that are not material our financial statements. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations various taxing jurisdictions. believe that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome tax audits cannot predicted with certainty. any issues addressed our tax audits are resolved manner not consistent with management's expectations, could required adjust our provision for income taxes the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing resolution, settlement, and closure audits not certain, reasonably possible that certain U.S. federal and non-U.S. tax audits may concluded within the next months, which could significantly increase decrease the balance our gross unrecognized tax benefits. estimate that our unrecognized tax benefits December 31, 2018 &#32;could possibly decrease approximately $600 million &#32;in the next months. Positions that may resolved include various U.S. and non-U.S. matters. Note 14. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas &#32; operate our business multiple operating segments. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed Other Bets. Our reported segments are: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main products such Ads, Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Hardware (including Nest), Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. &#32; &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales internet and services through Access well licensing and R&D services through Verily. &#32; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Revenues, cost revenues, and operating expenses are generally directly attributed our segments. Inter-segment revenues are not presented separately, these amounts are immaterial. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker does not evaluate operating segments using asset information. 2018, Nest joined Google&#8217;s hardware team. Consequently, the financial results Nest are reported the Google segment, with Nest revenues reflected Google other revenues. Prior period segment information has been recast conform the current period segment presentation. Consolidated financial results are not affected. Information about segments during the periods presented were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Revenues: Google 89,984 110,378 136,224 Other Bets 288 477 595 Total revenues 90,272 110,855 136,819 Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Operating income (loss): Google 27,055 32,287 36,517 Other Bets (2,741 (2,734 (3,358 Reconciling items (1) (598 (3,407 (6,838 Total income from operations 23,716 26,146 26,321 (1) Reconciling items are primarily comprised the European Commission fines for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, and performance fees for the year ended December 31, 2018, well corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments for all periods presented. Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Capital expenditures: Google 9,437 12,619 25,460 Other Bets 1,365 493 181 Reconciling items (2) (590 (502 Total capital expenditures presented the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows 10,212 13,184 25,139 (2) Reconciling items are related timing differences payments segment capital expenditures are accrual basis while total capital expenditures shown the Consolidated Statements Cash Flow are cash basis and other miscellaneous differences. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock-based compensation (SBC) and depreciation, amortization, and impairment are included segment operating income (loss) shown below (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 2018 Stock-based compensation: Google 6,201 7,168 8,755 Other Bets 372 363 489 Reconciling items (3) 130 148 109 Total stock-based compensation (4) 6,703 7,679 9,353 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment: Google 5,882 6,608 8,708 Other Bets 258 307 327 Reconciling items (5) &#8212; &#8212; Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment presented the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows 6,144 6,915 9,035 (3) Reconciling items represent corporate administrative costs that are not allocated individual segments. (4) For purposes segment reporting, SBC represents awards that expect settle Alphabet stock. (5) Reconciling items are primarily related corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments. The following table presents our long-lived assets geographic area (in millions): December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 Long-lived assets: United States 55,113 74,882 International 17,874 22,234 Total long-lived assets 72,987 97,116 For revenues geography, see Note ITEM CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2018 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were changes our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2018 &#32;that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2018 Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2018 &#32;has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8221; our Proxy Statement for 2019 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders filed with the SEC within 120 days the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;( 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement) and incorporated herein reference. The information required this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K will included under the caption &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; the 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Director Compensation,&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; the 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Common Stock Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#8221; and &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; the 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Director Independence&#8221; the 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; the 2019 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) have filed the following documents part this Annual Report Form 10-K: Consolidated Financial Statements Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts The table below details the activity the allowance for doubtful accounts and sales credits for the years ended December 31, 2016 2017 &#32;and 2018 (in millions): Balance Beginning Year Additions Usage Balance End Year Year ended December 31, 2016 296 942 (771 467 Year ended December 31, 2017 467 1,131 (924 674 Year ended December 31, 2018 674 1,115 (1,060 729 Note: Additions the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged expense. Additions the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, the required information otherwise included. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 2.01 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated October 2015, and among Google Inc., the Registrant and Maple Technologies Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.01 Specimen Class Common Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.02 Specimen Class Capital Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.03 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.04 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Larry Page and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 4.05 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.06 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Eric Schmidt and certain its affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.07 Class Undertaking, dated October 2015, executed the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.08 Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., Trustee Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209510) February 12, 2016 4.09 Registrant Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2015 Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209518) February 12, 2016 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 27, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) April 27, 2016 4.11 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.625% Notes due 2021 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.12 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.375% Notes due 2024 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.13 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 1.998% Note due 2026 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2016 10.01 Form Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant, its affiliates and its directors and officers Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.02 Compensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.03 Director Arrangements Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.04 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.05 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, amended Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) June 2011 10.05.1 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Stock Option Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.05.2 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.05.3 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Amendment Stock Option Agreements Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-142243) April 20, 2007 10.06 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 2018 10.06.1 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) November 2016 10.07 Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-181661) May 24, 2012 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 10.08 AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan and Sub-Plan the AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-167411) June 2010 10.09 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 10.09.1 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 14.01 Code Conduct the Registrant amended September 21, 2017 Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2018 21.01 Subsidiaries the Registrant 23.01 Consent Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.01 Power Attorney (incorporated reference the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K) 31.01 Certification Chief Executive Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.02 Certification Chief Financial Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.01 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 99.01 Google blog post dated July 18, 2018 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) July 18, 2018 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, arrangement. Filed herewith. &#8225; Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 2019 &#32; ALPHABET INC. By: ARRY AGE Larry Page Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer the Registrant) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Larry Page and Ruth Porat, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the Registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Signature Title Date ARRY AGE Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2019 Larry Page UTH ORAT Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2019 Ruth Porat MIE HUENER TOOLE Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 2019 Amie Thuener O'Toole ERGEY RIN President, Co-Founder, and Director February 2019 Sergey Brin OHN ENNESSY Director, Chair February 2019 John Hennessy RIC CHMIDT Director February 2019 Eric Schmidt OHN OERR Director February 2019 John Doerr OGER ERGUSON, Director February 2019 Roger Ferguson, Jr. IANE REENE Director February 2019 Diane Greene ATHER Director February 2019 Ann Mather LAN ULALLY Director February 2019 Alan Mulally UNDAR ICHAI Director February 2019 Sundar Pichai HRIRAM Director February 2019 Ram Shriram