Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________________ FORM 10-K ___________________________________________ (Mark One) &#253; ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 &#168; TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the transition period from &#32;to Commission file number: 001-37580 ___________________________________________ Alphabet Inc. (Exact name registrant specified its charter) ___________________________________________ Delaware 61-1767919 (State other jurisdiction incorporation organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, 94043 (Address principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (650) 253-0000 (Registrant&#8217;s telephone number, including area code) ___________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act: Title each class Name each exchange which registered Class Common Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Class Capital Stock, $0.001 par value Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(g) the Act: Title each class None ___________________________________________ Indicate check mark the registrant well-known seasoned issuer, defined Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark the registrant not required file reports pursuant Section Section 15(d) the Act. Yes &#168; &#253; Indicate check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required filed Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934 during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required file such reports), and (2) has been subject such filing requirements for the past days. Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted its corporate Website, any, every Interactive Data File required submitted and posted pursuant Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 this chapter) during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit and post such files). Yes &#253; &#168; Indicate check mark disclosure delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 this chapter) not contained herein, and will not contained, the best the registrant&#8217;s knowledge, definitive proxy information statements incorporated reference Part III this Form 10-K any amendment this Form 10-K. &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company emerging growth company. See the definitions &#8220;large accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company,&#8221; and "emerging growth company" Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer &#253; Accelerated filer &#168; Non-accelerated filer (Do not check smaller reporting company) &#168; Smaller reporting company &#168; Emerging growth company &#168; emerging growth company, indicate check mark the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant Section 13(a) the Exchange Act. &#168; Indicate check mark whether the registrant shell company (as defined Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act). Yes &#168; &#253; June 30, 2017 the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices such shares the Nasdaq Global Select Market June 30, 2017 was approximately $554.3 billion For purposes calculating the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates, have assumed that all outstanding shares are held non-affiliates, except for shares held each our executive officers, directors and greater stockholders. the case greater stockholders, have not deemed such stockholders affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, unless they hold 10% more our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not deemed constitute admission that all executive officers, directors and greater stockholders are, fact, affiliates our company, that there are not other persons who may deemed affiliates our company. Further information concerning shareholdings our officers, directors and principal stockholders included incorporated reference Part III, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. January 31, 2018 there were 298,492,525 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, 46,961,288 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, and 349,843,717 &#32;shares the registrant&#8217;s Class capital stock outstanding. ___________________________________________ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED REFERENCE Portions the registrant&#8217;s Proxy Statement for the 2018 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders are incorporated herein reference Part III this Annual Report Form 10-K the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2017 &#32; TABLE CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements PART Item Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item Properties Item Legal Proceedings Item Mine Safety Disclosures PART Item Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities Item Selected Financial Data Item Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item Changes and Disagreements With Accountants Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Table Contents Alphabet Inc. NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: &#8226; the growth our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends our business; &#8226; our plans continue invest new businesses, products, services and technologies, systems, facilities, and infrastructure, continue hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, well continue invest acquisitions; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality, and macroeconomic conditions, which are likely cause fluctuations our quarterly results; &#8226; our expectation related our renewable energy efforts; &#8226; the potential for declines our revenue growth rate; &#8226; our expectation that will continue take steps improve the relevance the ads deliver and reduce the number accidental clicks; &#8226; fluctuations the rate change revenue and revenue growth, well the rate change paid clicks and average cost-per-click and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; the expected variability costs related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; &#8226; our expectation that our cost revenues, research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses will increase dollars and may increase percentage revenues; &#8226; our potential exposure connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies; &#8226; our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins the future; &#8226; our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rates will increase the future; &#8226; our expectation that our results will impacted our performance international markets users developing economies increasingly come online; &#8226; our expectation that the portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues will continue increase and may impact margins; &#8226; our expectation that our other income (expense), net, will fluctuate the future, largely driven market dynamics; &#8226; estimates our future compensation expenses; &#8226; fluctuations our effective tax rate; &#8226; the impact the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act); &#8226; the sufficiency our sources funding; &#8226; our payment terms certain advertisers, which may increase our working capital requirements; &#8226; fluctuations our capital expenditures; &#8226; our expectations related the operating structure implemented pursuant the Alphabet holding company reorganization; &#8226; the expected timing and amount Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases; well other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Item "Business," Item "Risk Factors," and Item "Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can identified words such "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "may," "could," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based current expectations and assumptions that are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results differ materially from those reflected the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause contribute such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, and particular, the risks discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" Item this report and those discussed other documents file with the SEC. undertake obligation revise publicly release the results any revision these forward-looking statements, except required law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not place undue reliance such forward-looking statements. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks ours appearing this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks other companies. not intend our use display other companies' trade names trademarks imply endorsement sponsorship such companies, any relationship with any these companies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM BUSINESS Overview our founders Larry and Sergey wrote the original founders' letter, "Google not conventional company. not intend become one." That unconventional spirit has been driving force throughout our history inspiring things like rethink the mobile device ecosystem with Android and map the world with Google Maps. part that, our founders also explained that you could expect make "smaller bets areas that might seem very speculative even strange when compared our current businesses." From the start, the company has always strived more, and important and meaningful things with the resources have. Alphabet collection businesses the largest which, course, Google. also includes businesses that are generally pretty far afield our main Internet products such Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo, and report all non-Google businesses collectively Other Bets. Our Alphabet structure about helping each our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and technology for everyone The Internet one the world&#8217;s most powerful equalizers, capable propelling new ideas and people forward. Google, our mission make sure that information serves everyone, not just few. whether you're child rural village professor elite university, you can access the same information. are helping people get online tailoring digital experiences the needs emerging markets. We're also making sure our core Google products are fast and useful, especially for users areas where speed and connectivity are central concerns. Other Alphabet companies are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, October 2017, Project Loon within deployed its network stratospheric balloons deliver basic internet connectivity more than 100,000 people Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads irrelevance over time, especially technology, where change tends revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought were crazy when acquired YouTube and Android and when launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and safer, popular browser. continue look toward the future and continue invest for the long-term. said the original founders' letter, will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that believe because they are the key our long-term success. The power machine learning Across the company, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) are increasingly driving many our latest innovations. Within Google, our investments machine learning over decade have enabled build products that are smarter and more useful it's what allows you use your voice ask the Google Assistant for information, translate the web from one language another, see better YouTube recommendations, and search for people and events Google Photos. Machine learning also showing great promise helping tackle big issues, like dramatically improving the energy efficiency our data centers. Across Other Bets, machine learning helps self-driving cars better detect and respond others the road, and can also improve the ability clinicians detect diseases such diabetic retinopathy. Google Serving our users have always been company committed making big bets that have the potential improve the lives millions people. Our product innovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one the most recognized the world. Google's core products and platforms such Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube each have over one billion monthly active users. But most important, believe are just beginning scratch the surface. Our vision remain place incredible creativity and innovation that uses our technical expertise tackle big problems. the majority Alphabet&#8217;s big bets continue reside within Google, important benefit the shift Alphabet has been the tremendous focus that we&#8217;re able have Google&#8217;s many extraordinary opportunities. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google&#8217;s mission organize the world&#8217;s information and make universally accessible and useful has always been our North Star, and our products have come long way since the company was founded nearly two decades ago. Instead just showing ten blue links our search results, are increasingly able provide direct answers even you're speaking your question using Voice Search which makes quicker, easier and more natural find what you're looking for. You can also type talk with the Google Assistant conversational way across multiple devices like phones, speakers, headphones, televisions and more. And with Google Lens, you can now use your phone&#8217;s camera identify unfamiliar landmark find trailer from movie poster. Over time, have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily like Google Maps, which helps you navigate store while showing you current traffic conditions, Google Photos, which helps you store and organize your photos. This drive make information more accessible has led over the years improve the discovery and creation digital content, the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration mobile, people are consuming more digital content watching more videos, playing more games, listening more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before. Working with content creators and partners, continue build new ways for people around the world find great digital content. Fueling all these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That&#8217;s why continue invest platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, and Daydream virtual reality platform, well growing our family great hardware devices. see tremendous potential for devices helpful, make your life easier, and even get better over time, combining the best Google's AI, software, and hardware. This reflected our latest generation hardware products like the newest additions the Google Home family called Mini and Max, Pixel phone, and Pixelbook laptop. Creating beautiful products that people rely every day journey that are investing for the long run. Google was company built the cloud and has been investing infrastructure, security, data management, analytics, and from the very beginning. have continued enhance these strengths with features like &#32;data migration, modern development environments and machine learning tools provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Suite, our customers. Google Cloud Platform enables developers build, test, and deploy applications Google&#8217;s highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Our Suite productivity tools which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts, and more are designed with real-time collaboration and machine intelligence help people work smarter. Because more and more today&#8217;s great digital experiences are being built the cloud, our Google Cloud products help businesses all sizes take advantage the latest technology advances operate more efficiently. How make money The goal our advertising business deliver relevant ads just the right time and give people useful commercial information, regardless the device they&#8217;re using. also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns across screens. Our advertising solutions help millions companies grow their businesses, and offer wide range products across screens and formats. generate revenues primarily delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising. &#8226; Perf ormance advertising &#32;creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading direct engagement with advertisers. Most our performance advertisers pay when user engages their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. For performance advertisers, AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program, helps create simple text-based ads that appear Google properties and the properties Google Network Members. addition, Google Network Members use our AdSense program display relevant ads their properties, generating revenues when site visitors view click the ads. continue invest our advertising programs and make significant upgrades. &#8226; Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through ideos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types ads specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns. have built world-class technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies, and publishers power their digital marketing businesses. aim ensure great user experiences serving the right ads the right time and building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. also seek improve the measurability brand advertising advertisers know when their campaigns are effective. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. have allocated substantial resources stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users the web. focus creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers many ways, ranging from filtering out invalid traffic, removing hundreds millions bad ads from our systems every year closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blacklisting them when necessary ensure that ads not fund bad content. Beyond our advertising business, also generate revenues other areas, such digital content, enterprise cloud services, and hardware. Other Bets Throughout Alphabet, are also using technology try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet&#8217;s Other Bets are early-stage businesses, and our goal for them become thriving, successful businesses the medium long term. this, make sure have strong CEO run each company while also rigorously handling capital allocation and working make sure each business executing well. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some them are already generating revenue and making important strides their industries. For instance, Nest recently expanded its connected home product line introducing the Nest Thermostat and new home security solution that includes the Nest Hello video doorbell, Nest Cam outdoor security camera, and the Nest Secure alarm system. Our self-driving car company, Waymo, continues progress the development and testing its technology and now has fleet vehicles Phoenix, Arizona, driving without person behind the wheel. Life sciences company Verily has also made significant progress key programs, like the launch its Project Baseline study with Duke University and Stanford Medicine, and received $800 million investment 2017 from Temasek accelerate its strategic programs. continue build these businesses thoughtfully and systematically capitalize the opportunities ahead. are investing for the long term while being very deliberate about the focus, scale and pace investments. generate revenues from internet and services, licensing and R&D services, and Nest branded hardware. Competition Our business characterized rapid change well new and disruptive technologies. face formidable competition every aspect our business, particularly from companies that seek connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. face competition from: &#8226; General purpose search engines and information services, such Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, and Yandex. &#8226; Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Kayak (travel queries), LinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly such content, websites, and apps rather than through Google. &#8226; Social networks, such Facebook, Snap, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely social networks for product service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines. &#8226; Other forms advertising, such billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise multiple media, both online and offline. &#8226; Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers that use AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising platform. &#8226; Providers digital video services, such Amazon, Facebook, Hulu, and Netflix. &#8226; Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer electronics products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms. &#8226; Providers enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft. &#8226; Digital assistant providers, such Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft. Competing successfully our advertising-related businesses depends heavily our ability deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies the marketplace that can attract and retain: &#8226; Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, primarily the basis the relevance and usefulness our search results and the features, availability, and ease use our products and services. &#8226; Advertisers, primarily based our ability generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and deliver their advertisements efficient and effective manner across variety distribution channels. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Content providers, primarily based the quality our advertiser base, our ability help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms our agreements with them. Intellectual Property rely various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions protect our proprietary technology and our brand. have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. have also filed patent applications the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain our technology, and acquired patent assets supplement our portfolio. have licensed the past, and expect that may license the future, certain our rights other parties. Culture and Employees take great pride our culture. embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration ideas address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central how work, and like ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels. Despite our rapid growth, still cherish our roots startup and wherever possible empower employees act great ideas regardless their role function within the company. strive hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives diverse those our global users. work provide environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some the biggest challenges technology and society. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue investing hiring talented employees and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. December 31, 2017 had 80,110 &#32;full-time employees. Although have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented labor union. Competition for qualified personnel our industry intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. Seasonality Our business affected seasonal fluctuations Internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Other Items Climate change one the most significant global challenges our time, and we&#8217;ve long been committed improving our energy consumption. 2012, set goal reach 100% renewable energy for our operations. While are still performing final analysis for the year, 2017, purchased total wind and solar capacity about three gigawatts, which expect will enough renewables match the energy consumption our global operations. continue invest our existing products and services well developing new products and services through research and product development. often release early-stage products. then use data and user feedback decide and how invest further those products. Research and development expenses include the vast majority engineering and technical headcount responsible for research and development our existing and new products and services, well their associated costs. For more information, please refer the Consolidated Statements Income included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. For information about segments and geographic areas, please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. part the Alphabet reorganization, converted Google Inc. into limited liability company September 2017. Available Information Our website located www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website located www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements are available through our investor relations website, free charge, after file them with the SEC. also provide link the section the SEC's website www.sec.gov that has all the reports that file furnish with the SEC. You may read and copy any materials file with the SEC the SEC's Public Reference Room 100 Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can get information the operation the Public Reference Room calling the SEC 1-800-SEC-0330. webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events participate host with members the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications news announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate incorporation, bylaws, Table Contents Alphabet Inc. governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code conduct, also available our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content our websites are not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC, and any references our websites are intended inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results operations, cash flows, and the trading price our common and capital stock. Risks Related Our Businesses and Industries face intense competition. not continue innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. Our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies the marketplace timely manner. our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure innovate will encompass wider range products and services, including products and services that may outside our historical core business. result, must continue invest significant resources research and development, including through acquisitions, order enhance our technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. have many competitors different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies emerging start-ups. Some companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users. They can use their experiences and resources ways that could affect our competitive position, including making acquisitions, continuing invest heavily research and development and hiring talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether not meritorious), and continuing compete aggressively for users, advertisers, and content providers. Emerging start-ups may able innovate and provide products and services faster than can may foresee the consumer need for products and services before us. addition, new products and services can sometimes present new and difficult technological and legal challenges, which may negatively impact our brands and demand for our products and services and adversely impact our revenues and operating results. Our operating results would also suffer our innovations are not responsive the needs our users, advertisers, and content providers; are not appropriately timed with market opportunities; are not effectively brought market. technologies continue develop, our competitors may able offer user experiences that are, that are seen be, substantially similar better than ours. This may force compete different ways and expend significant resources order remain competitive. our competitors are more successful than are developing compelling products attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could adversely affected. generate substantially all our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending advertisers loss partners could harm our advertising business. generated over 86% &#32;of total revenues from advertising 2017. Many our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content partners can terminate their contracts with any time. Those partners may not continue business with not create more value (such increased numbers users customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. not provide superior value deliver advertisements efficiently and competitively, could see decrease revenue and other adverse impacts our business. addition, expenditures advertisers tend cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have material negative impact user activity and the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers reduce the amounts they spend advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and advertising business. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our ongoing investment new businesses and new products, services, and technologies inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations. have invested and expect continue invest new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The creation Alphabet holding company 2015 and the investments that are making across various areas Google and Other Bets are reflection our ongoing efforts innovate and provide products and services that are useful users. &#32;Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return capital our investments, distraction management from current operations, use alternative investment compensation structures, and unidentified issues not discovered our due diligence such strategies and offerings that could cause fail realize the anticipated benefits such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, assurance can given that such strategies and offerings will successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The Internet accessed through variety platforms and form factors that continue evolve with the advancement technology and user preferences. manufacturers and users not widely adopt versions our search technology, products, operating systems developed for these devices and modalities, our business could adversely affected. The number people who access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-assisted speakers, automobiles, and television set-top devices, increasing dramatically. The functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices and modalities may make the use our products and services the generation advertising revenue through such devices more difficult (or just different), and the versions our products and services developed for these devices may not compatible compelling users, manufacturers, distributors alternative devices. Each manufacturer distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work viewable these devices result. Some manufacturers may also elect not include our products their devices. addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via apps tailored particular devices social media platforms, which could affect our search and advertising business over time. new devices and platforms are continually being released, difficult predict the problems may encounter adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. expect continue devote significant resources the creation, support, and maintenance products and services across multiple platforms and devices. are unable attract and retain substantial number alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users our products and services, are slow develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, will fail capture the opportunities available consumers and advertisers continue exist dynamic, multi-platform environment. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and anticipate downward pressure our operating margin the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time result number factors, including: &#8226; increasing competition, &#8226; changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix, &#8226; the challenges maintaining our growth rate our revenues increase higher levels, &#8226; the evolution the online advertising market, including the increasing variety online platforms for advertising, and the other markets which participate, and &#8226; the rate user adoption our products, services, and technologies. believe our margins could experience downward pressure result increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects our business well the continuing shift mobile, changes device mix, and the contribution new businesses overall revenue. For instance, the margin revenues generate from our Google Network Members significantly less than the margin revenues generate from advertising Google properties. Consequently, our margins will experience downward pressure greater percentage our revenues comes from ads placed our Google Network Members' properties compared revenues generated through ads placed Google properties. Additionally, the margin earn revenues generated from our Google Network Members could decrease the future pay even larger percentage advertising fees our Google Network Members. Furthermore, our multi-device world, generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. also expect our TAC paid our distribution partners increase due changes device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Additionally, our margins could experience downward pressure revenues from the sale hardware products and cloud-based services increase percentage consolidated revenues because the margin the sale these products and services have generally been lower than that from Google search. Furthermore, our margins could impacted adversely spend proportionately larger amount promote new products and services distribute certain products invest more heavily our innovation efforts across the Company (such our Other Bets businesses) than have historically. are subject increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. Additionally, changes public policies governing wide range topics may adversely affect our business. The growth our company and our expansion into variety new fields involves variety new regulatory issues, and have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny have grown. For instance, various regulatory agencies are reviewing aspects our search and other businesses, which can lead increased scrutiny from other regulators and legislators, that may affect our reputation, brand and third-party relationships. Such reviews may also result substantial regulatory fines, changes our business practices and other penalties, which could negatively impact our business and results operations. continue cooperate with the European Commission and other regulatory authorities around the world investigations they are conducting with respect our business. Additionally, changes social, political, and regulatory conditions laws and policies governing wide range topics may disrupt our business practices. These changes could negatively impact our business and results operations material ways. variety new and existing laws could subject claims otherwise harm our business. are subject numerous U.S. and international laws and regulations covering wide variety subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations existing laws and regulations) may make our products and services less useful, require incur substantial costs, expose unanticipated civil criminal liability, cause change our business practices. For example, current and new patent laws such U.S. patent laws and European patent laws may affect the ability companies, including us, protect their innovations and defend against claims patent infringement. Similarly, changes copyright laws being considered Europe and elsewhere may increase costs require companies, including us, change cease offering certain existing services. The costs compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely increase the future. Claims have been, may be, threatened and filed against under both U.S. and international laws for defamation, invasion privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, product liability, other theories based the nature and content the materials searched and the ads posted our users, our products and services, content generated our users. Furthermore, many these laws not contemplate address the unique issues raised number our new businesses, products, services and technologies. addition, the applicability and scope these laws, interpreted the courts, remain uncertain. Other laws that could subject claims otherwise harm our business include, among others: &#8226; rely statutory safe harbors, set forth the Digital Millennium Copyright Act the United States and the E-Commerce Directive Europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation court rulings impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us. &#8226; The General Data Protection Regulation, coming into effect the European Union May 2018, which creates range new compliance obligations, which could cause change our business practices, and will increase financial penalties for noncompliance significantly. &#8226; Court decisions such the judgment the Court Justice the European Union May 13, 2014 the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; which allows individuals demand that Google remove search results about them certain instances, may limit the content can show our users and impose significant operational burdens. &#8226; Court decisions that require Google suppress content not just the jurisdiction the issuing court, but for all our users worldwide, including locations where the content issue lawful. The Supreme Court Canada issued such decision against Google June 2017, and others could treat its decision persuasive. For instance, with respect the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; follow-up case pending before the Court Justice the European Union, which could result order apply delisting actions under the &#8216;right forgotten&#8217; worldwide. &#8226; Various U.S. and international laws that restrict the distribution materials considered harmful children and impose additional restrictions the ability online services collect information from minors. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Various laws with regards content removal and disclosure obligations, such the recently enacted Network Enforcement Act Germany, which may impact our businesses and operations and may subject significant fines such laws are interpreted and applied manner inconsistent with our practices. &#8226; Data protection laws passed many states within the U.S. and certain countries that require notification users when there security breach personal data. &#8226; Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types data collected particular country stored and/or processed within that country. &#8226; Privacy laws, which could interpreted over-broadly limit some product offerings and increase costs. face risks and costs overseas our products and services are offered international markets and may subject additional regulations. Any failure our part comply with these laws and regulations can result negative publicity and diversion management time and effort and may subject significant liabilities and other penalties. are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result adverse outcomes. are regularly subject claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. The manufacturing and sale expanded suite products, including hardware, further exposes the risk product liability and other litigation well consumer protection concerns related product defects, well health and safety, hazardous materials usage, and other environmental concerns. may also subject claims, including product warranty claims, users experience service disruptions, failures, other issues. addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation, discussed later, that exposes the risk exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell products and services. Such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain. Regardless the outcome, any these types legal proceedings can have adverse impact because legal costs, diversion management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. possible that resolution one more such proceedings could result substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows particular period. These proceedings could also result reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, requiring change our business practices product recalls corrections, requiring development non-infringing otherwise altered products technologies. Any these consequences could adversely affect our business and results operations. may subject legal liability associated with providing online services content. host and provide wide variety services and products that enable users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating the liability providers these online services and products for activities their users still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought against for defamation, negligence, breaches contract, copyright trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, other theories based the nature and content information that publish which provide links that may posted online generated third parties, including our users. addition, are and have been and may again the future subject domestic international actions alleging that certain content have generated third-party content that have made available within our services violates U.S. and international law. also place advertisements which are displayed third-party publishers and advertising networks properties, and offer third-party products, services, content. may subject claims concerning these products, services, content virtue our involvement marketing, branding, broadcasting, providing access them, even not ourselves host, operate, provide, provide access these products, services, content. Defense any such actions could costly and involve significant time and attention our management and other resources, which may result monetary liabilities penalties, and may require change our business adverse manner. Privacy concerns relating our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users customers from using our products and services. our security measures are breached resulting the improper use and disclosure user data, our services are subject attacks that degrade deny the ability users access our products and services, our products and services may perceived not Table Contents Alphabet Inc. being secure, users and customers may curtail stop using our products and services, and may incur significant legal and financial exposure. From time time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, processes compromise the privacy users, customers, and others. Concerns about our practices with regard the collection, use, disclosure, security personal information other privacy related matters, even unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission users&#8217; and customers&#8217; proprietary information, and theft and security breaches expose risk loss this information, improper use and disclosure such information, litigation, and potential liability. Any systems failure compromise our security that results the release our users&#8217; data, our our users&#8217; ability access such data, could seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability attract and retain users. expect continue expend significant resources maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against theft and security breaches. experience cyber attacks varying degrees regular basis. Our security measures may also breached due employee error, malfeasance, system errors vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities our vendors, suppliers, their products, otherwise. Such breach unauthorized access, increased government surveillance, attempts outside parties fraudulently induce employees, users, customers disclose sensitive information order gain access our data our users&#8217; customers&#8217; data could result significant legal and financial exposure, damage our reputation, and loss confidence the security our products and services that could potentially have adverse effect our business. Because the techniques used obtain unauthorized access, disable degrade service, sabotage systems change frequently, become more sophisticated, and often are not recognized until launched against target, may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventative measures. Additionally, cyber attacks could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information and result such information being disclosed others and becoming less valuable, which could negatively affect our business. actual perceived breach our security occurs, the market perception the effectiveness our security measures could harmed and could lose users and customers. Our business subject complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulation regarding privacy and data protection. Many these laws and regulations are subject change and uncertain interpretation and could result claims, changes our business practices, penalties, increased cost operations, declines user growth engagement, otherwise harm our business. Regulatory authorities around the world are considering number legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, including measures ensure that encryption users&#8217; data does not hinder law enforcement agencies&#8217; access that data. addition, the interpretation and application consumer and data protection laws the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and flux. possible that these laws may interpreted and applied manner that inconsistent with our data practices. These legislative and regulatory proposals, adopted, and such interpretations could, addition the possibility fines, result order requiring that change our data practices, which could have adverse effect our business and results operations. Complying with these various laws could cause incur substantial costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. Recent legal developments Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers personal data from Europe the United States. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), coming into application the European Union (EU) May 25, 2018, will apply all our activities conducted from establishment the related products and services that offer users. The GDPR will create range new compliance obligations, which could cause change our business practices, and will significantly increase financial penalties for noncompliance (including possible fines global annual turnover for the preceding financial year &#8364;20 million (whichever higher) for the most serious infringements). addition, the European Commission July 2016 and the Swiss Government January 2017 approved the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, respectively, which are designed allow U.S. companies that self-certify the U.S. Department Commerce and publicly commit comply with the Privacy Shield requirements freely import personal data from the and Switzerland. However, these frameworks face number legal challenges and their validity remains subject legal, regulatory and political developments both Europe and the U.S. This has resulted some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause incur costs require change our business practices manner adverse our business. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. are, and may the future be, subject intellectual property other claims, which are costly defend, could result significant damage awards, and could limit our ability use certain technologies the future. Internet, technology, media, and other companies own large numbers patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based allegations infringement other violations intellectual property rights. addition, patent holding companies may continue seek monetize patents they have purchased otherwise obtained. have grown, the number intellectual property claims against has increased and may continue increase develop new products, services, and technologies. have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Third parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against filing claims U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability sell our products services the U.S. elsewhere our products services those our customers suppliers are found infringe the intellectual property subject the claims. Adverse results any these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements (if licenses are available all), orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices and require development non-infringing products, services technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. Many our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could increase our costs result defending such claims, and may require that pay significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely impact our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered and our customers from covered products. Furthermore, connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims. Regardless their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive litigate settle, and cause significant diversion management attention. the extent such claims are successful, they may have adverse effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability protect them could reduce the value our products, services, and brand. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside our control pose threat our intellectual property rights, well our products, services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not available every country which our products and services are distributed made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts have taken protect our proprietary rights may not sufficient effective. Although seek obtain patent protection for our innovations, possible may not able protect some these innovations. Moreover, may not have adequate patent copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out important. Furthermore, there always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope the protection gained will insufficient that issued patent may deemed invalid unenforceable. also seek maintain certain intellectual property trade secrets. The secrecy such trade secrets and other sensitive information could compromised outside parties, our employees, which could cause lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become commonly used that becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; this happens, could lose protection for this trademark, which could result other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; refer their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Any significant impairment our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights costly and time consuming. Any increase the unauthorized use our intellectual property could make more expensive business and harm our operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results operations. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements our overall corporate strategy and use capital, and these transactions could material our financial condition and results operations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. expect continue evaluate and enter into discussions regarding wide array potential strategic transactions. Effecting these strategic transactions could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where face risks include, among others: &#8226; Diversion management time and focus from operating our business challenges related acquisitions and other strategic transactions. &#8226; Failure successfully further develop the acquired business technology. &#8226; Implementation remediation controls, procedures, and policies the acquired company. &#8226; Integration the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. &#8226; Transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. &#8226; Failure obtain required approvals timely basis, all, from governmental authorities, conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay prevent from completing transaction, otherwise restrict our ability realize the expected financial strategic goals acquisition other strategic transaction. &#8226; the case foreign acquisitions, the need integrate operations across different cultures and languages and address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. &#8226; Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention employees from the businesses acquire. &#8226; Liability for activities the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, privacy issues, violations laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. &#8226; Litigation other claims connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, other third parties. Our failure address these risks other problems encountered connection with our past future acquisitions and other strategic transactions could cause fail realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions could also result dilutive issuances our equity securities, the incurrence debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, impairment goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any which could harm our financial condition results. Also, the anticipated benefits value our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may adversely impact our financial condition results. Our business depends strong brands, and failing maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability expand our base users, advertisers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed the success our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google and Other Bets increases our ability enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs our users. Our brands may negatively impacted number factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared our platforms, data privacy issues and developments, and product technical performance failures. For example, fail appropriately respond the sharing objectionable content our services objectionable practices advertisers, otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence our brands. Our brands may also negatively affected the use our products services disseminate information that deemed misleading. Furthermore, fail maintain and enhance equity the Google brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may materially and adversely affected. Our success will depend largely our ability remain technology leader and continue provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play meaningful role people&#8217;s everyday lives. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. face number manufacturing and supply chain risks that, not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects. face number risks related manufacturing and supply chain management. These manufacturing and supply chain risks could impact our ability supply both our products and our internet-based services. rely third parties manufacture many our assemblies and finished products, third-party arrangements for the design some components and parts, and third party distributors, including cellular network carriers. Our business could negatively affected are not able engage third parties with the necessary capabilities capacity reasonable terms, those engage fail meet their obligations (whether due financial difficulties other reasons), make adverse changes the pricing other material terms our arrangements with them. have the past, and may experience the future, supply shortages and price increases driven raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and significant changes the financial business condition our suppliers. may experience shortages other supply chain disruptions the future that could negatively impact our operations. addition, some the components use our technical infrastructure and products are available only from single source limited sources, and may not able find replacement vendors favorable terms all the event supply chain disruption. addition, significant hardware supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades expansions. may enter into long term contracts that commit significant terms and conditions supply. may liable for material and product that not consumed due market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. For instance, because many our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing minimum purchase requirements, the volume our hardware sales decreases does not reach projected targets, could face increased materials and manufacturing costs other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our financial results. Furthermore, certain our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply. Additionally, the products and services sell offer may have quality issues resulting from the design manufacture the product, from the software used. Sometimes, these issues may caused components purchase from other manufacturers suppliers. the quality our products and services does not meet our customers&#8217; expectations our products services are found defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could negatively impacted. also require our suppliers and business partners comply with law and, where applicable, our company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but not control them their practices. any them violates laws implements practices regarded unethical, could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations damage key relationships, and damage our reputation. any them fails procure necessary license rights third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could impact the saleability our products and expose financial obligations third parties. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements regarding the use certain minerals mined from the Democratic Republic Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures pertaining manufacturer's efforts regarding the source such minerals. SEC rules implementing these requirements may have the effect reducing the pool suppliers who can supply DRC conflict free components and parts, and may not able obtain DRC conflict free products supplies sufficient quantities for our operations. Since our supply chain complex, may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders are unable sufficiently verify the origins for the minerals used our products. Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. Web spam refers websites that attempt violate search engine's quality guidelines that otherwise seek rank higher search results than search engine's assessment their relevance and utility would rank them. Although English-language web spam our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam most other languages limited, expect web spammers will continue seek ways improve their rankings inappropriately. continuously combat web spam, including through indexing technology that makes harder for spam-like, less useful web content rank highly. face challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities low-quality content help them improve their search rankings. are continually launching algorithmic changes focused low-quality websites. our search results display increasing number web spam and content farms, this could hurt our reputation for delivering Table Contents Alphabet Inc. relevant information reduce user traffic our websites. addition, continue take actions improve our search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may the short run reduce our Google Network Members' revenues, since some these websites are Google Network Members. Interruption failure our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. The availability our products and services depends the continuing operation our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable damage interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial service attacks, other attempts harm our systems. Some our data centers are located areas with high risk major earthquakes other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts vandalism, and potential disruptions the operators certain these facilities have financial difficulties. Some our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence natural disaster, decision close facility are using, other unanticipated problems our data centers could result lengthy interruptions our service. addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors vulnerabilities, which could result interruptions our services the failure our systems. Our international operations expose additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our international operations are significant our revenues and net income, and plan continue grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 53% &#32;of our consolidated revenues 2017. certain international markets, have limited operating experience and may not succeed. addition risks described elsewhere this section, our international operations expose other risks, including the following: &#8226; Restrictions foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent from repatriating cash earned countries outside the U.S. &#8226; Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent from offering products providing services particular market and may increase our operating costs. &#8226; Longer payment cycles some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels payment fraud. &#8226; Evolving foreign laws and legal systems. &#8226; Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty result local laws and lack legal precedent. &#8226; Different employee/employer relationships, existence workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused distance, language, and cultural differences, making harder business certain jurisdictions. Additionally, changes international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business, and compliance with complex international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply our international operations increases our cost doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. Violations these laws and regulations could result fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, our employees, prohibitions the conduct our business and our ability offer our products and services one more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although have implemented policies and procedures designed ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can assurance that our employees, contractors, agents will not violate our policies. Finally, since conduct business currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results U.S. dollars, face exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates. Although hedge portion our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results operations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult predict and could cause our results fall short expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate result number factors, many outside our control. result, comparing our operating results period-to-period basis may not meaningful, and you should not rely our past results indication our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses percentage our revenues may differ significantly from our historical projected rates. Our operating results future quarters may fall below expectations. Any these events could cause our stock price fall. Each the risk factors listed this section addition the following factors may affect our operating results: &#8226; Our ability continue attract and retain users our products and services. &#8226; Our ability monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties across various devices. &#8226; Revenue fluctuations caused changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix. &#8226; The amount revenues and expenses generated and incurred currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program. &#8226; The amount and timing operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related the maintenance and expansion our businesses, operations, and infrastructure. &#8226; Our focus long-term goals over short-term results. &#8226; The results our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, and technologies. &#8226; Our ability keep our products and services operational reasonable cost and without service interruptions. &#8226; Our ability attract user adoption and generate significant revenues from new products, services, and technologies which have invested considerable time and resources. &#8226; The seasonal fluctuations Internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Our rapid growth has tended mask the cyclicality and seasonality our business. our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results fluctuate. Because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not useful you predicting our future operating results. were lose the services key personnel, may not able execute our business strategy. Our future success depends large part upon the continued service key members our senior management team. particular, Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical the overall management Alphabet and its subsidiaries, and they, along with Sundar Pichai, the Chief Executive Officer Google, play important role the development our technology. They also play key role maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss key personnel could seriously harm our business. rely highly skilled personnel and, are unable retain motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, maintain our corporate culture, may not able grow effectively. Our performance largely depends the talents and efforts highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends our continuing ability identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas our organization. Competition our industry for qualified employees intense, and certain our competitors have directly targeted our employees. addition, our compensation arrangements, such our equity award programs, may not always successful attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability compete effectively depends our ability attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. addition, believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. our organization grows, and are required implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly light our holding company structure, may find increasingly difficult maintain the beneficial aspects our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our business depends continued and unimpeded access the Internet and our users. Internet access providers may able restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services, which could lead additional expenses and the loss users and advertisers. Our products and services depend the ability our users access the Internet, and certain our products require significant bandwidth work effectively. Currently, this access provided companies that have significant market power the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some these providers have taken, have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, increase the cost user access certain our products restricting prohibiting the use their infrastructure support facilitate our offerings, charging increased fees our users provide our offerings. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms discrimination Internet access providers, but there substantial uncertainty the United States and elsewhere regarding such protections. addition, some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject government-initiated restrictions blockages. Such interference could result loss existing users, advertisers, and goodwill, and increased costs, and could impair our ability attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. New and existing technologies could block ads online, which would harm our business. Technologies have been developed that enable users block the display ads altogether and some providers online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality third-party digital advertising. Most our Google revenues are derived from fees paid connection with the display ads online. result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. are exposed fluctuations the market values our investments. Given the global nature our business, have investments both domestically and internationally. Market values these investments can negatively impacted liquidity, credit deterioration losses, financial results, foreign exchange rates, changes interest rates, other factors. result, the value liquidity our cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. could subject changes tax rates, the adoption new U.S. international tax legislation, exposure additional tax liabilities. Our future income taxes could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. addition, are subject regular review and audit both domestic and foreign tax authorities. result, have received, and may the future receive, assessments multiple jurisdictions various tax-related assertions, including transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. Any adverse outcome such review audit could have negative effect our operating results and financial condition. addition, the determination our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Although believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results the period periods for which such determination made. Furthermore, due shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws rates various jurisdictions may subject significant change, which could materially affect our financial position and results operations. The ongoing effects the Tax Act and the refinement provisional estimates could make our results difficult predict. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate the future result the Tax Act, which was enacted December 22, 2017. The Tax Act introduces significant changes U.S. income tax law that will have meaningful impact our provision for income taxes. Accounting for the income tax effects the Tax Act requires significant judgments and estimates the interpretation and calculations the provisions the Tax Act. Due the timing the enactment and the complexity involved applying the provisions the Tax Act, made reasonable estimates the effects and recorded provisional amounts our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017. The U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and other standard-setting bodies may issue guidance how the provisions the Tax Act will applied otherwise administered that Table Contents Alphabet Inc. different from our interpretation. collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret the Tax Act and any additional guidance issued the IRS other standard-setting bodies, may make adjustments the provisional amounts that could materially affect our financial position and results operations well our effective tax rate the period which the adjustments are made. Risks Related Ownership Our Stock The trading price for our Class common stock and non-voting Class capital stock may continue volatile. The trading price our stock has times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue volatile. For example, from January 2017 through December 31, 2017, the closing price our Class common stock ranged from $807.77 per share $1,085.09 per share, and the closing price our Class capital stock ranged from $786.14 $1,077.14 per share. addition the factors discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, the trading price our Class common stock and Class capital stock may fluctuate widely response various factors, many which are beyond our control, including, among others: &#8226; Quarterly variations our results operations those our competitors. &#8226; Announcements our competitors acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, capital commitments. &#8226; Recommendations securities analysts changes earnings estimates. &#8226; Announcements about our earnings that are not line with analyst expectations, the risk which enhanced because our policy not give guidance earnings. &#8226; Announcements our competitors their earnings that are not line with analyst expectations. &#8226; Commentary industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless its accuracy. &#8226; The volume shares Class common stock and Class capital stock available for public sale. &#8226; Sales Class common stock and Class capital stock our stockholders (including sales our directors, executive officers, and other employees). &#8226; Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions shares our Class common stock and Class capital stock. &#8226; The perceived values Class common stock and Class capital stock relative one another. &#8226; Our share repurchase program. addition, the stock market general, which can impacted various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, and the market for technology companies particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated disproportionate the operating performance those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock regardless our actual operating performance. cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will fully consummated that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility the price our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. October 2016, our board directors authorized our company repurchase $7,019,340,976.83 our Class capital stock. January 2018, our board directors authorized the repurchase additional$8,589,869,056 our Class capital stock. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. The share repurchase program, authorized our board directors, does not obligate Alphabet repurchase any specific dollar amount acquire any specific number shares. The share repurchase program could affect the price our stock and increase volatility and may suspended terminated any time, which may result decrease the trading price our stock. The concentration our stock ownership limits our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters. Our Class common stock has votes per share, our Class common stock has one vote per share, and our Class capital stock has voting rights. December 31, 2017, Larry, Sergey, and Eric Schmidt beneficially owned approximately 92.7% our outstanding Class common stock, which represented approximately 56.7% Table Contents Alphabet Inc. the voting power our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets, for the foreseeable future. addition, because our Class capital stock carries voting rights (except required applicable law), the issuance the Class capital stock, including future stock-based acquisition transactions and fund employee equity incentive programs, could prolong the duration Larry and Sergey&#8217;s current relative ownership our voting power and their ability elect all our directors and determine the outcome most matters submitted vote our stockholders. Together with Eric, they would also continue able control any required stockholder vote with respect certain change control transactions involving Alphabet (including acquisition Alphabet another company). This concentrated control limits severely restricts our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters and, result, may take actions that our stockholders not view beneficial. result, the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock could adversely affected. Provisions our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions Alphabet&#8217;s certificate incorporation and bylaws may have the effect delaying preventing change control changes our management. These provisions include the following: &#8226; Our certificate incorporation provides for tri-class capital stock structure. result this structure, Larry, Sergey, and Eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, other change control transaction that other stockholders may view beneficial. noted above, the issuance the Class capital stock could have the effect prolonging the influence Larry, Sergey, and Eric. &#8226; Our board directors has the right elect directors fill vacancy created the expansion the board directors the resignation, death, removal director, which prevents stockholders from being able fill vacancies our board directors. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act written consent. result, holder, holders, controlling majority our capital stock would not able take certain actions without holding stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation prohibits cumulative voting the election directors. This limits the ability minority stockholders elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice nominate individuals for election the board directors propose matters that can acted upon stockholders&#8217; meeting. These provisions may discourage deter potential acquirer from conducting solicitation proxies elect the acquirer's own slate directors otherwise attempting obtain control our company. &#8226; Our board directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares undesignated preferred stock. The ability issue undesignated preferred stock makes possible for our board directors issue preferred stock with voting other rights preferences that could impede the success any attempt acquire us. Delaware corporation, are also subject certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, corporation may not engage business combination with any holder 15% more its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board directors has approved the transaction. Our board directors could rely Delaware law prevent delay acquisition us. Risks Related Our Holding Company Reorganization holding company, Alphabet dependent the operations and funds its subsidiaries. October 2015, completed reorganization pursuant which Alphabet became holding company with business operations its own. Alphabet&#8217;s only significant assets are the outstanding equity interests its subsidiaries, including Google. result, rely cash flows from subsidiaries meet our obligations, including service any debt obligations Alphabet. may not obtain the anticipated benefits our reorganization into holding company structure. believe that our holding company reorganization and the current operating structure increases management scale and allows focus running our diverse businesses independently with the goal maximizing each business&#8217; potential. The benefits this reorganization may not obtained circumstances prevent from taking Table Contents Alphabet Inc. advantage the strategic and business opportunities that expect may afford us. result, may incur the costs holding company structure without realizing the benefits, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Alphabet&#8217;s management dedicating significant effort the Other Bets' operating structures and business operations. These efforts may divert management&#8217;s focus and resources from Alphabet&#8217;s overall business, corporate initiatives, strategic opportunities, which could have adverse effect our businesses, results operations, financial condition, prospects. Additionally, our subsidiaries may restricted their ability pay cash dividends make other distributions Alphabet, the new holding company. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located Mountain View, California. also own and lease office and building space the surrounding areas near our headquarters, which the aggregate (including our headquarters) represent approximately 11.1 million square feet office/building space and approximately forty-five acres developable land accommodate anticipated future growth. addition, own and lease office/building space and research and development sites around the world, primarily North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. own and operate data centers the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are good condition and suitable for the conduct our business. ITEM LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For description our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note &#32;&#8220;Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters&#8221; the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K, which incorporated herein reference. ITEM MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES EQUITY SECURITIES October 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer Google Inc. pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Price Range Common Stock and Capital Stock Our Class common stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 2014. Prior August 19, 2004, there was public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our Class common stock the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Fiscal Year 2017 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2017 872.37 807.77 June 30, 2017 1,004.28 839.88 September 30, 2017 998.31 919.46 December 31, 2017 1,085.09 966.78 Fiscal Year 2016 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2016 780.91 701.02 June 30, 2016 787.68 681.14 September 30, 2016 815.95 704.89 December 31, 2016 835.74 753.22 Our Class common stock neither listed nor traded. Our Class capital stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 2014. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices per share for our Class capital stock the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Fiscal Year 2017 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2017 852.12 786.14 June 30, 2017 983.68 823.35 September 30, 2017 980.34 898.70 December 31, 2017 1,077.14 951.68 Fiscal Year 2016 Quarters Ended: High Low March 31, 2016 764.65 678.11 June 30, 2016 766.61 668.26 September 30, 2016 787.21 694.49 December 31, 2016 813.11 736.08 Holders Record December 31, 2017 there were approximately 2,100 &#32;and 2,101 &#32;stockholders record our Class common stock and Class capital stock, respectively, and the closing prices our Class common stock and Class capital stock were $1,053.40 &#32;and $1,046.40 &#32;per share, respectively, reported the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Because many our shares Class common stock and Class capital stock are held brokers and other institutions behalf stockholders, are unable estimate the total number stockholders represented these record holders. December 31, 2017 there were approximately &#32;stockholders record our Class common stock. Dividend Policy have never declared paid any cash dividend our common capital stock. intend retain any future earnings and not expect pay any cash dividends the foreseeable future. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Issuer Purchases Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect Alphabet's repurchases Class capital stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2017: Period Total Number Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number Shares Purchased Part Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value Shares that May Yet Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 0.00 4,274 November 1,231 1,028.78 1,231 3,008 December 806 1,035.28 806 2,173 Total 2,037 1,031.35 2,037 (1) October 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $7.0 billion &#32;of its Class capital stock. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. See &#32; Note &#32;in Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related share repurchases. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock Performance Graphs The following graph compares the 5-year cumulative total return shareholders Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s Class common stock relative the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the RDG Internet Composite index, and the NASDAQ Composite index. investment $100 (with reinvestment all dividends) assumed have been made the company&#8217;s Class common stock and each index December 31, 2012 &#32;and its relative performance tracked through December 31, 2017 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2012 &#32;in stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; &#32;2015 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following graph compares the cumulative total return shareholders Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s Class capital stock relative the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the RDG Internet Composite index, and the NASDAQ Composite index. investment $100 (with reinvestment all dividends) assumed have been made the company&#8217;s Class capital stock and each index April 2014 &#32;and its relative performance tracked through December 31, 2017 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested April 2014 stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; &#32;2015 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. These performance graphs shall not deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes Section the Securities Exchange Act 1934, amended (the Exchange Act), incorporated reference into any filing Alphabet under the Securities Act 1933, amended, the Exchange Act, except shall expressly set forth specific reference such filing. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected consolidated financial data should read conjunction with Item &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing Item &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; this Annual Report Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative the results expected any future period. Year Ended December 31, 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (in millions, except per share amounts) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 55,519 66,001 74,989 90,272 110,855 Income from operations 15,403 16,496 19,360 23,716 26,146 Net income from continuing operations 13,160 13,620 16,348 19,478 12,662 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (427 516 Net income 12,733 14,136 16,348 19,478 12,662 Basic net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 19.77 20.15 23.11 28.32 18.27 Discontinued operations (0.64 0.76 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 19.13 20.91 23.11 28.32 18.27 Basic net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 19.77 20.15 24.63 28.32 18.27 Discontinued operations (0.64 0.76 0.00 0.00 0.00 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 19.13 20.91 24.63 28.32 18.27 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class and common stock: Continuing operations 19.42 19.82 22.84 27.85 18.00 Discontinued operations (0.63 0.75 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 18.79 20.57 22.84 27.85 18.00 Diluted net income (loss) per share Class capital stock: Continuing operations 19.42 19.82 24.34 27.85 18.00 Discontinued operations (0.63 0.75 0.00 0.00 0.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 18.79 20.57 24.34 27.85 18.00 December 31, 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 58,717 64,395 73,066 86,333 101,871 Total assets 109,050 129,187 147,461 167,497 197,295 Total long-term liabilities 6,165 8,548 7,820 11,705 20,610 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 86,977 103,860 120,331 139,036 152,502 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis our financial condition and results operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Trends Our Business The following trends have contributed the results our consolidated operations, and anticipate that they will continue impact our future results: &#8226; Users' behaviors and advertising continue shift online the digital economy evolves. The continuing shift from offline online world has contributed the growth our business since inception, resulting increasing revenues, and expect that this online shift will continue benefit our business. &#8226; online advertising evolves, continue expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. interactions between users and advertisers change and online user behavior evolves, continue expand and evolve our product offerings serve their changing needs. Over time, expect our monetization trends fluctuate. For example, have seen increase YouTube engagement ads, which monetize lower rate than traditional desktop search ads. Additionally, continue see shift programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers connect with the right user, the right moment, the right context. Programmatic buying has different monetization profile than traditional advertising buying Google properties. &#8226; Users are increasingly using multiple devices and modalities access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile and other new formats. Our users are accessing the Internet via multiple devices and modalities and want feel connected matter where they are what they are doing. seek expand our products and services stay front this shift order maintain and grow our business. generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Accordingly, expect TAC paid our distribution partners increase due changes device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points. expect these trends continue put pressure our overall margins. &#8226; users developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue increase and movements foreign exchange rates impact such revenues. The shift online, well the advent the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside the U.S., including emerging markets, and continue develop localized versions our products and relevant advertising programs useful our users these markets. This has led trend increased revenues from international markets over time and expect that our results will continue impacted our performance these markets, particularly low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our international revenues represent significant portion our revenues and are subject fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates relative the U.S. dollar. While have foreign exchange risk management program designed reduce our exposure these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect our revenues and earnings. &#8226; The portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues increasing and may impact margins. Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. expect this trend continue focus expanding our offerings our users through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. The margins these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may lower than the margins our advertising business. number our Other Bets initiatives are their initial development stages, and such, the sources revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could volatile. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; continue look for new ways serve our users and expand our businesses, will invest heavily R&D and our capital expenditures will continue fluctuate. continue make significant research and development (R&D) investments areas strategic focus such advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, well new products and services. The amount our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue fluctuate the long term invest heavily our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. addition, acquisitions remain important part our strategy and use capital, and expect continue spend cash acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. &#8226; Our employees are critical our success and expect continue investing them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. expect continue hiring talented employees around the globe and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. Executive Overview Results Below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 &#32;(consolidated unless otherwise noted): &#8226; Revenues $110.9 billion &#32;and revenue growth 23% &#32;year over year, constant currency revenue growth 24% &#32;year over year. &#8226; Google segment revenues $109.7 billion &#32;with revenue growth 23% &#32;year over year and Other Bets revenues $1.2 billion &#32;with revenue growth 49% &#32;year over year. &#8226; Revenues from the United States EMEA APAC and Other Americas &#32;were $52.4 billion $36.0 billion $16.2 billion and $6.1 billion respectively. &#8226; Cost revenues was $45.6 billion consisting TAC $21.7 billion &#32;and other cost revenues $23.9 billion Our TAC percentage advertising revenues was 23% &#8226; Operating expenses (excluding cost revenues) were $39.1 billion &#8226; Income from operations was $26.1 billion &#8226; Effective tax rate was 53% &#8226; Net income was $12.7 billion &#32;with diluted net income per share $18.00 &#8226; Operating cash flow was $37.1 billion &#8226; Capital expenditures were $13.2 billion &#8226; Number employees was 80,110 &#32;as December 31, 2017 Information about Segments operate our business multiple operating segments. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed below Other Bets. Our reported segments are: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main products such Ads, Android, Chrome, Commerce, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Hardware, Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure and some newer efforts like virtual reality are also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. &#32; &#32; &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo, and Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales internet and services through Fiber, sales Nest products and services, and licensing and R&D services through Verily. &#32; Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Revenues The following table presents our revenues, segment and revenue source (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Google segment Google properties revenues 52,357 63,785 77,788 Google Network Members' properties revenues 15,033 15,598 17,587 Google advertising revenues 67,390 79,383 95,375 Google other revenues 7,154 10,080 14,277 Google segment revenues 74,544 89,463 109,652 Other Bets Other Bets revenues 445 809 1,203 Revenues 74,989 90,272 110,855 Google segment The following table presents our Google segment revenues (in millions), and changes our aggregate paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Google segment revenues 74,544 89,463 109,652 Google segment revenues percentage total revenues 99.4 99.1 98.9 Aggregate paid clicks change Aggregate cost-per-click change (11 (19 Use Monetization Metrics When assessing our advertising revenues performance, present information regarding the percentage change the number paid clicks and cost-per-click for our Google properties and Google Network Members' properties. Management views these important metrics for understanding our business. Paid clicks for our Google properties represent engagement users and include clicks advertisements end-users related searches Google.com, clicks related advertisements other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play, and viewed YouTube engagement ads. Paid clicks for our Google Network Members' properties include clicks end-users related advertisements served Google Network Members' properties participating AdMob, AdSense for Content, and AdSense for Search. some cases, such programmatic and reservation based advertising buying, primarily charge advertisers impression; while growing, this represents small part our consolidated revenues base. Cost-per-click defined click-driven revenues divided our total number paid clicks and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each engagement users. periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks and for identifying the revenues generated click activity. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. the first quarter 2017, refined our methodology for paid clicks and cost-per-click include additional categories TrueView engagement ads and exclude non-engagement based trial formats. This change resulted modest increase growth paid clicks and modest decrease growth cost-per-click. For comparison purposes, have included updated data for historical periods the table below: Three Months Ended Year Ended Mar 31, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Dec 31, 2016 Dec 31, 2016 Year-over-year change Aggregate paid clicks Paid clicks Google properties Paid clicks Google Network Members' properties Aggregate cost-per-click (10 (17 (11 Cost-per-click Google properties (11 (12 (18 (13 Cost-per-click Google Network Members' properties (14 (19 (13 Quarter-over-quarter change Aggregate paid clicks N/A Paid clicks Google properties N/A Paid clicks Google Network Members' properties N/A Aggregate cost-per-click (10 N/A Cost-per-click Google properties (12 N/A Cost-per-click Google Network Members' properties (12 N/A Our advertising revenue growth, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google properties and Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have fluctuated and may continue fluctuate because various factors, including: &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes advertising quality formats; &#8226; changes device mix; &#8226; changes foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; fees advertisers are willing pay based how they manage their advertising costs; &#8226; general economic conditions; &#8226; growth rates revenues from Google properties, including YouTube, compared growth rates revenues from Google Network Members' properties; &#8226; seasonality; &#8226; shift the proportion non-click based revenues generated Google properties and Google Network Members' properties, including increase programmatic and reservation based advertising buying; and &#8226; traffic growth emerging markets compared more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels. Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time result number factors, including challenges maintaining our growth rate revenues increase higher levels, changes our product mix, increasing competition, query growth rates, our investments new business strategies, shifts the geographic mix our revenues, and the evolution the online advertising market. also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue affected evolving user preferences, the acceptance users our products and services they are delivered diverse devices and modalities, our ability create seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements foreign currency exchange rates. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google properties The following table presents our Google properties revenues (in millions), and changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Google properties revenues 52,357 63,785 77,788 Google properties revenues percentage Google segment revenues 70.2 71.3 70.9 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (13 (21 Google properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues that are generated on: &#8226; Google search properties which includes revenues from traffic generated search distribution partners who use Google.com their default search browsers, toolbars, etc.; and &#8226; Other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, and YouTube. Our Google properties revenues increased &#32; $14,003 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The growth was primarily driven increases mobile search resulting from ongoing growth user adoption and usage, well continued growth advertiser activity. also experienced growth YouTube driven primarily video advertising, well growth desktop search due improvements formats and delivery. The growth was partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The number paid clicks through our advertising programs Google properties increased from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;due growth YouTube engagement ads, increases mobile search queries, improvements have made formats and delivery, and continued global expansion our products, advertisers and user base. The positive impact our revenues from increase paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The decrease cost-per-click was primarily driven continued growth YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than our other advertising platforms. Cost-per-click was also impacted changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google properties revenues increased &#32; $11,428 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;and also increased percentage Google segment revenues. The growth was primarily driven increases mobile search most notably due ongoing improvements formats and delivery launched during 2016. also experienced growth YouTube revenue driven primarily video advertising across TrueView with growing contribution from buying DoubleClick Bid Manager, well improvements formats and delivery. The growth was partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The number paid clicks through our advertising programs Google properties increased from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;due growth the adoption YouTube engagement ads, improvements have made formats and delivery, and continued global expansion our products, advertisers, and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile. The positive impact our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers. The decrease cost-per-click was primarily driven continued growth YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than our other advertising platforms, and also impacted changes device mix, property mix, product mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google Network Members' properties The following table presents our Google Network Members' properties revenues (in millions) and changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Google Network Members' properties revenues 15,033 15,598 17,587 Google Network Members' properties revenues percentage Google segment revenues 20.2 17.4 16.0 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (13 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google Network Members' properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated from ads placed Google Network Member properties through: &#8226; AdMob; &#8226; AdSense (such AdSense for Content, AdSense for Search, etc.); and &#8226; DoubleClick AdExchange. Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased &#32; $1,989 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The growth was primarily driven strength both programmatic advertising buying and AdMob, offset decline our traditional AdSense businesses and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The increase paid clicks from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;resulted primarily from growth AdMob and increase from our traditional AdSense for Search business. The positive impact our revenues from increase paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers. The changes cost-per-click from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;was impacted changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased &#32; $565 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 The growth was primarily driven strength programmatic advertising buying well strength AdMob, offset decline our traditional AdSense business and the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. The increase paid clicks from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;resulted from the growth AdMob offset declines AdSense. The decrease cost-per-click paid our advertisers from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;resulted from changes the product mix Google Network Members advertising revenues, ongoing product and policy changes, changes property and device mix, geographic mix, and relative fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google other revenues The following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Google other revenues 7,154 10,080 14,277 Google other revenues percentage Google segment revenues 9.6 11.3 13.0 Google other revenues consist primarily revenues from: &#8226; Apps, in-app purchases, and digital content the Google Play store; &#8226; Google Cloud offerings; and &#8226; Hardware. Our Google other revenues increased &#32; $4,197 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase was primarily driven revenues from Google Cloud offerings, hardware sales, and revenues from Google Play, largely relating in-app purchases (revenues which recognize net payout developers). Our Google other revenues increased &#32; $2,926 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;and increased percentage Google segment revenues. These increases were primarily due &#32; the growth revenues from Google Play, primarily relating in-app purchases (revenues which recognize net payout developers), hardware sales, and Google Cloud offerings. Other Bets The following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Other Bets revenues 445 809 1,203 Other Bets revenues percentage total revenues 0.6 0.9 1.1 Other Bets revenues consist primarily revenues and sales from: &#8226; Internet and services; &#8226; Licensing and R&D services; and &#8226; Nest branded hardware. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our Other Bets revenues increased &#32; $394 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase was primarily driven revenues from sales Nest branded hardware, Fiber internet and services, and Verily licensing and R&D services. Our Other Bets revenues increased &#32; $364 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;and increased percentage consolidated revenues. These increases were primarily driven sales Nest branded hardware and revenues from Fiber internet and services. There was also increase revenues from &#32; Verily licensing and R&D services from 2015 &#32;to 2016 Due the early stage our Other Bets businesses and because their revenues aggregate number businesses operating different industries, our Other Bets revenues may fluctuate future periods. Additionally, our Other Bets revenues may fluctuate due one-time items. Revenues Geography The following table presents our revenues geography percentage revenues, determined based the billing addresses our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 United States EMEA APAC Other Americas For the amounts revenues geography, please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Use Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Growth The impact currency exchange rates our business important factor understanding period period comparisons. Our international revenues are favorably impacted the U.S. dollar weakens relative other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted the U.S. dollar strengthens relative other foreign currencies. Our international revenues are also favorably impacted net hedging gains and unfavorably impacted net hedging losses. use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and means evaluate period-to-period comparisons. believe the presentation results constant currency basis addition GAAP results helps improve the ability understand our performance because they exclude the effects foreign currency volatility that are not indicative our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods exchange rates had remained constant period over period. define constant currency revenues total revenues excluding the impact foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use determine the constant currency revenue growth year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, well excluding any hedging impacts realized the current period. Constant currency revenue growth (expressed percentage) calculated determining the increase current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging impacts are excluded from revenues both periods. These results should considered addition to, not substitute for, results reported accordance with GAAP. Results constant currency basis, present them, may not comparable similarly titled measures used other companies and are not measure performance presented accordance with GAAP. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents our foreign exchange impact our international revenues and total revenues (in millions): Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 EMEA revenues 26,368 30,304 36,046 Exclude foreign exchange impact current period revenues using prior year rates 3,802 1,291 Exclude hedging impact recognized current period (989 (479 190 EMEA constant currency revenues 29,181 31,116 36,231 Prior period EMEA revenues, excluding hedging impact 24,497 25,379 29,825 EMEA revenue growth EMEA constant currency revenue growth APAC revenues 9,887 12,559 16,235 Exclude foreign exchange impact current period revenues using prior year rates 1,076 (362 Exclude hedging impact recognized current period (323 (31 (43 APAC constant currency revenues 10,640 12,166 16,218 Prior period APAC revenues, excluding hedging impact 8,169 9,564 12,528 APAC revenue growth APAC constant currency revenue growth Other Americas revenues 3,924 4,628 6,125 Exclude foreign exchange impact current period revenues using prior year rates 712 344 (148 Exclude hedging impact recognized current period (88 (29 Other Americas constant currency revenues 4,548 4,943 5,999 Prior period Other Americas revenues, excluding hedging impact 3,681 3,836 4,599 Other Americas revenue growth Other Americas constant currency revenue growth United States revenues 34,810 42,781 52,449 United States revenue growth Total revenues 74,989 90,272 110,855 Total constant currency revenues 79,179 91,006 110,897 Total revenue growth Total constant currency revenue growth Our EMEA revenues from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;&#32;were unfavorably impacted, primarily result unfavorable impact from hedging losses, slightly offset favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. The foreign exchange impact was due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Euro and Russian ruble, partially offset the impact the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the British pound and Turkish lira. Our EMEA revenues from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;were unfavorably impacted, primarily result unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, offset favorable impact from hedging benefits. The foreign exchange impact was due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the British pound, Euro, and Russian ruble. Our revenues from APAC from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;were relatively flat, primarily result favorable impact from hedging benefits, offset unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. The foreign exchange impact Table Contents Alphabet Inc. was due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Japanese yen, partially offset the impact the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Australian dollar, Indian rupee, South Korean won, and Taiwanese dollar. Our revenues from APAC from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;were relatively flat, primarily result slight favorable impacts from foreign currency exchange rates and hedging benefits. The foreign exchange impact was due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Japanese yen, partially offset the impact the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Indian rupee and Australian dollar. Our revenues from Other Americas from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;&#32;were favorably impacted, primarily result favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, slightly offset unfavorable impact from hedging losses. The foreign exchange impact was due the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Brazilian real and Canadian dollar, partially offset the impact the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Argentine peso. Our revenues from Other Americas from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;were unfavorably impacted, primarily result unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, slightly offset favorable impact from hedging benefits. The foreign exchange impact was due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative certain currencies including the Argentine peso, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, and the Mexican peso. Costs and Expenses Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists TAC which are paid Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed their properties and amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. The cost revenues related revenues generated from ads placed Google Network Members' properties are significantly higher than the costs revenues related revenues generated from ads placed Google properties because most the advertiser revenues from ads served Google Network Members&#8217; properties are paid TAC our Google Network Members. Additionally, other cost revenues (which the cost revenues excluding TAC) includes the following: &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets; &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated flat fee); &#8226; Credit card and other transaction fees related processing customer transactions; &#8226; Expenses associated with our data center and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including SBC), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and &#8226; Inventory related costs for hardware sell. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following tables present our cost revenues, including TAC (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 TAC 14,343 16,793 21,672 Other cost revenues 13,821 18,345 23,911 Total cost revenues 28,164 35,138 45,583 Total cost revenues percentage revenues 37.6 38.9 41.1 Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 TAC distribution partners 4,101 5,894 9,031 TAC distribution partners percentage Google properties revenues (1) (Google properties TAC rate) 7.8 9.2 11.6 TAC Google Network Members 10,242 10,899 12,641 TAC Google Network Members percentage Google Network Members' properties revenues (1) (Network Members TAC rate) 68.1 69.9 71.9 TAC 14,343 16,793 21,672 TAC percentage advertising revenues (1) (Aggregate TAC rate) 21.3 21.2 22.7 (1) Revenues include hedging gains(losses) which impact TAC rates. Cost revenues increased &#32; $10,445 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was due increase &#32;in TAC $4,879 million The increase TAC distribution partners was result increase Google properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. The increase TAC Google Network Members was result increase Google Network Members' properties revenues and the associated TAC rate. &#32;The increase the Google properties TAC rate was driven changes partner agreements and the ongoing shift mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The increase the Network Members TAC rate was driven the continued underlying shift advertising buying from our traditional network business programmatic advertising buying. The increase the aggregate TAC rate was also partially offset favorable revenue mix shift from Google Network Members' properties Google properties. Other cost revenues increased &#32; $5,566 million &#32;from 2016 2017. The increase &#32;was due various factors, including increase data center and other operations costs, which include depreciation, compensation expenses (including SBC), energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs result business growth; hardware costs associated with new hardware launches; and content acquisition costs result increased activities related YouTube. Cost revenues increased $6,974 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;due various factors including traffic acquisition costs, data center costs, content acquisition costs, and hardware costs. The increase traffic acquisition costs $2,450 million &#32;was due increases advertising revenues primarily from the growth mobile search and programmatic buying which carry higher TAC. The increase other cost revenues $4,524 million &#32;was primarily due increases (1) data center costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs result business growth, (2) content acquisition costs result increased activities related YouTube, (3) hardware costs associated with new hardware launches, and (4) stock-based compensation. The aggregate TAC rate remained relatively flat from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;primarily result shift mix from Google Network Members' properties revenue Google properties revenue. Our aggregate TAC rate was also impacted the increase mobile and programmatic advertising buying, which generally carry overall higher TAC. The increase Google properties TAC rate was primarily driven shift mobile and more mobile searches are subject TAC. The increase Network Members' TAC rate was primarily driven the shift advertising buying from our traditional network business programmatic advertising buying. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. expect cost revenues increase dollar amount and percentage total revenues future periods based number factors, including the following: &#8226; Google Network Members TAC rates, which are affected the continued underlying shift advertising buying from our traditional network business programmatic advertising buying which carries higher TAC; &#8226; Google properties TAC rates, which are affected changes device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms such revenue share arrangements, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points; &#8226; Growth rates expenses associated with our data center and other operations, content acquisition costs, well our hardware inventory and related costs; &#8226; Increased proportion non-advertising revenues, whose costs are generally higher relation our advertising revenues; &#8226; Relative revenue growth rates Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties. Research and Development The following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Research and development expenses 12,282 13,948 16,625 Research and development expenses percentage revenues 16.4 15.5 15.0 R&D expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for R&D our existing and new products and services; and &#8226; Depreciation and equipment-related expenses. R&D expenses increased &#32; $2,677 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs $1,886 million, largely resulting from 16% increase headcount. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses $569 million. R&D expenses increased &#32; $1,666 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase stock-based compensation expense $667 million and increase labor and facilities-related costs $326 million, both largely result 16% increase R&D headcount, partially offset higher expenses resulting from project milestones Other Bets 2015. addition, there was increase depreciation and equipment-related expenses approximately $388 million and increase professional services $267 million due additional expenses incurred for consulting, outsourced services, and temporary services. expect that R&D expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. Sales and Marketing The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Sales and marketing expenses 9,047 10,485 12,893 Sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues 12.1 11.6 11.6 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Advertising and promotional expenditures related our products and services; and &#8226; Compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs for employees engaged sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions. Sales and marketing expenses increased &#32; $2,408 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase advertising and promotional expenses $1,266 million, largely resulting from increases marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products, Cloud offerings, and YouTube. addition, there was increase compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs $853 million, largely resulting from increase headcount. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Sales and marketing expenses increased &#32; $1,438 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 The increase &#32;was primarily due increase advertising and promotional expenses $679 million, largely due increases marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products. Additionally, there was increase labor and facilities-related costs $482 million, and stock-based compensation expense $179 million, both largely resulting from 10% increase sales and marketing headcount. expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. General and Administrative The following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 General and administrative expenses 6,136 6,985 6,872 General and administrative expenses percentage revenues 8.2 7.7 6.2 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets; &#8226; Compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs for employees our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations; &#8226; Depreciation and equipment-related expenses; and &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services. General and administrative expenses decreased &#32; $113 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 The decrease &#32;was primarily from reduced allocations general and administrative expenses with offsetting increase costs revenues and other operating expenses. The decrease was partially offset increase compensation expenses, including SBC, and facilities-related costs $271 million, largely resulting from increase headcount. Additionally, there was increase professional service fees $253 million due additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting services. General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $849 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 The increase &#32;was primarily due increases labor and facilities-related costs $460 million, and stock-based compensation expense $421 million, both largely resulting from 15% increase general and administrative headcount &#32;as well increases other miscellaneous expenses. These increases were offset decrease professional service fees $194 million due lower legal-related costs. expect general and administrative expenses will increase dollar amount and may fluctuate percentage revenues future periods. European Commission Fine June 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google regarding its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;2.42 billion (approximately $2.74 billion June 27, 2017) fine, which was accrued the second quarter 2017. Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Other income (expense), net 291 434 1,047 Other income (expense), net, percentage revenues 0.4 0.5 0.9 Other income (expense), net, increased &#32; $613 million &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 This increase &#32;was primarily driven reduced costs our foreign currency hedging activities, decreased losses marketable securities and increase interest income. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other income (expense), net, increased &#32; $143 million &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 This increase was primarily driven increase interest income and decreased losses non-marketable investments, partially offset increased losses from our foreign currency transactions and impairments for certain assets. The costs our foreign exchange hedging activities recognized other income (expense), net, are primarily function the notional amount the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement foreign exchange rates relative the contract prices, the volatility foreign exchange rates and forward points. The hedging costs expensed other income (expense), net, decreased result less option premiums paid after began use foreign currency forward contracts hedge our forecasted revenues the fourth quarter 2016. expect that other income (expense), net, will fluctuate dollar amount future periods largely driven market dynamics. Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate: Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Provision for income taxes 3,303 4,672 14,531 Effective tax rate 16.8 19.3 53.4 Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2016 &#32;to 2017 due the Tax Act that was enacted December 2017. Please refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2015 &#32;to 2016 largely due proportionately more earnings generated jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates and discrete items 2015 &#32;and 2016 partially offset the stock-based compensation benefits recognized resulting from the adoption Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (ASU 2016-09). Our future effective tax rate will affected the Tax Act. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and creates new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively. Our future effective tax rate could adversely affected earnings being lower than anticipated countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. Quarterly Results Operations The following tables presenting our quarterly results operations should read conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. have prepared the unaudited information the same basis our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative results for any future quarters for full year. The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2017 This table includes all adjustments, consisting only normal recurring adjustments, that consider necessary for fair presentation our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Both seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely continue affect, our business. Commercial queries typically increase significantly the fourth quarter each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue cause, fluctuations our quarterly results, including fluctuations sequential revenue growth rates. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2016 Jun 30, 2016 Sep 30, 2016 Dec 31, 2016 Mar 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2017 Sep 30, 2017 Dec 31, 2017 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 20,257 21,500 22,451 26,064 24,750 26,010 27,772 32,323 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 7,648 8,130 8,699 10,661 9,795 10,373 11,148 14,267 Research and development 3,367 3,363 3,596 3,622 3,942 4,172 4,205 4,306 Sales and marketing 2,387 2,415 2,565 3,118 2,644 2,897 3,042 4,310 General and administrative 1,513 1,624 1,824 2,024 1,801 1,700 1,595 1,776 European Commission fine 2,736 Total costs and expenses 14,915 15,532 16,684 19,425 18,182 21,878 19,990 24,659 Income from operations 5,342 5,968 5,767 6,639 6,568 4,132 7,782 7,664 Other income (expense), net (213 151 278 218 251 245 197 354 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 5,129 6,119 6,045 6,857 6,819 4,377 7,979 8,018 Provision for income taxes 922 1,242 984 1,524 1,393 853 1,247 11,038 Net income 4,207 4,877 5,061 5,333 5,426 3,524 6,732 (3,020 Basic net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 6.12 7.11 7.36 7.73 7.85 5.09 9.71 (4.35 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 6.02 7.00 7.25 7.56 7.73 5.01 9.57 (4.35 Capital Resources and Liquidity December 31, 2017 had $101.9 billion &#32;in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities with $62.8 billion &#32;held our foreign subsidiaries. equivalents and marketable securities comprised time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments, debt instruments issued municipalities the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. From time time, may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions strategic investments private companies that subsequently public. December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was enacted and recorded tax liability for the one-time transition tax accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings $10.2 billion which $890 million &#32;and $9.3 billion &#32;were presented within &#8220;income tax payable, current&#8221; and &#8220;income tax payable, non-current,&#8221; respectively, our Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2017 permitted the Tax Act, intend pay the one-time transition tax eight annual interest-free installments beginning 2018. Our principal sources liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, well the cash flow that generate from our operations. have short-term debt financing program $5.0 billion through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2017 have $4.0 billion revolving credit facility expiring February 2021. The interest rate for the credit facility determined based formula using certain market rates. December 31, 2017 amounts were outstanding under the credit facility. believe that our sources funding will sufficient satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through least the next months. December 31, 2017 have senior unsecured notes outstanding due 2021, 2024, and 2026 with total carrying value $3.9 billion &#32;and total estimated fair value $4.0 billion October 2016, the Board Directors Alphabet authorized the repurchase $7.0 billion &#32;of Alphabet Class capital stock. 2017, repurchased and subsequently retired 5.2 million &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount $4.8 billion January 2018, the Board Directors authorized the repurchase additional $8.6 billion &#32;of Alphabet Class capital stock. The repurchases are expected executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. January 2017, Temasek, Singapore-based investment company, signed binding commitment purchase non-controlling interest Verily for aggregate $800 million cash. received the first tranche $480 million the first quarter 2017 and the final tranche $320 million the third quarter 2017. The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Net cash provided operating activities 26,572 36,036 37,091 Net cash used investing activities (23,711 (31,165 (31,401 Net cash used financing activities (4,225 (8,332 (8,298 Cash Provided Operating Activities Our largest source cash provided our operations are advertising revenues generated Google properties and Google Network Members' properties. Additionally, generate cash through sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings Our primary uses cash from our operating activities include payments our Google Network Members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. addition, uses cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily due increases cash received from advertising revenues and Google other revenues (net payouts app developers), offset increases cash paid for cost revenues, operating expenses, and income taxes. Net cash provided operating activities increased &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;primarily due increases cash received from advertising revenues and Google other revenues, offset increases cash paid for cost revenues and operating expenses. Additionally, the timing tax payments and refunds had favorable impact our cash flows from operations for 2016 compared 2015. Cash Used Investing Activities Cash provided used investing activities primarily consists purchases property and equipment, purchases, maturities, and sales marketable securities our investment portfolio, cash collateral received returned from our securities lending program, payments for acquisitions, and the proceeds from the collection notes receivable. Net cash used investing activities increased &#32;slightly from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily due increases purchases marketable securities and increases purchases property and equipment, offset increases the maturities and sales marketable securities, decreases cash collateral paid related securities lending, and increase proceeds received from collections notes receivables. Net cash used investing activities increased &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;primarily due increases purchases marketable securities, increases cash collateral paid related securities lending and increases spend related acquisitions, partially offset increases maturities and sales marketable securities and decreases purchases non-marketable investments. Cash Used Financing Activities Cash used financing activities consists primarily net proceeds payments from issuance repayments debt, repurchases capital stock, and net proceeds payments from stock-based award activities. Net cash used financing activities decreased &#32;slightly from 2016 &#32;to 2017 &#32;primarily driven decreases the net cash outflow from repayments and issuance debt, offset increases the repurchases capital stock. Net cash used financing activities increased &#32;from 2015 &#32;to 2016 &#32;primarily driven decreases proceeds from issuance debt, and increases the repurchases capital stock and net payments related stock-based award activities, partially offset decrease debt repayments. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Contractual Obligations December 31, 2017 The following summarizes our contractual obligations December 31, 2017 (in millions): Payments Due Period Total Less than year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than years Operating lease obligations, net sublease income amounts (1) 8,753 1,160 2,182 1,796 3,615 Purchase obligations (2) 7,154 4,548 1,910 241 455 Long-term debt obligations (3) 4,744 112 224 1,170 3,238 Tax payable (4) 10,233 890 1,746 1,746 5,851 Other long-term liabilities reflected our balance sheet (5) 2,416 348 619 511 938 Total contractual obligations 33,300 7,058 6,681 5,464 14,097 (1) For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related data center operations and build-outs; digital media content licensing arrangements; and purchases inventory. The amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion agreements the minimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing December 31, 2017 Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations. (3) Represents our principal and interest payments. For further information long-term debt, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. (4) Represents one-time transition tax payable related known amounts cash taxes payable future years result the Tax Act. For further information, refer Note &#32;of the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable $3.5 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 &#32;related uncertain tax positions. this time, are unable make reasonably reliable estimate the timing payments for uncertain tax positions individual years beyond months due uncertainties the timing tax audit outcomes. (5) Represents cash obligations recorded our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion these long-term liabilities, and consist primarily facility build-outs and payments owed connection with certain commercial agreements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements December 31, 2017 did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, defined Item 303(a)(4)(ii) Regulation S-K, that have are reasonably likely have current future effect our financial condition, changes our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources that material investors. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates prepare our consolidated financial statements accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). doing so, have make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, well related disclosure contingent assets and liabilities. some cases, could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. some cases, changes the accounting estimates are reasonably likely occur from period period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition results operations will affected. base our estimates past experience and other assumptions that believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and evaluate these estimates ongoing basis. refer accounting estimates this type critical accounting policies and estimates, which discuss further below. have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee our board directors. Please see Note &#32;of Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for the summary significant accounting policies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Revenues For the sale third-party goods and services, evaluate whether are the principal, and report revenues gross basis, agent, and report revenues net basis. this assessment, consider obtain control the specified goods services before they are transferred the customer, well other indicators such the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion establishing price. Income Taxes are subject income taxes the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions, determining our provision for income taxes, and evaluating the impact the Tax Act. The Tax Act was enacted December 22, 2017 and introduces significant changes U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and creates new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively. addition, 2017 are subject one-time transition tax accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax. Accounting for the income tax effects the Tax Act requires significant judgments and estimates the interpretation and calculations the provisions the Tax Act. Due the timing the enactment and the complexity involved applying the provisions the Tax Act, have made reasonable estimates the effects and recorded provisional amounts our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017. collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance issued the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS other standard-setting bodies, may make adjustments the provisional amounts. Those adjustments may materially impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which the adjustments are made. The accounting for the tax effects the enactment the Tax Act will completed 2018. Although believe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, assurance can given that the final tax outcome these matters will not different. adjust these reserves light changing facts and circumstances, such the closing tax audit the refinement estimate. the extent that the final tax outcome these matters different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which such determination made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact reserve provisions and changes reserves that are considered appropriate well the related net interest and penalties. addition, are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain these matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss the Notes the Consolidated Financial Statements. evaluate, regular basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes our disclosures appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood there being, and the estimated amount of, loss related such matters. Until the final resolution such matters, there may exposure loss excess the amount recorded, and such amounts could material. Should any our estimates and assumptions change prove have been incorrect, could have material impact our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. See Note &#32;of Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information regarding contingencies. Business Combinations allocate the fair value purchase consideration the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based their estimated fair values. The excess the fair value purchase consideration over the fair values these identifiable assets and liabilities recorded goodwill. When determining the fair values Table Contents Alphabet Inc. assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect intangible assets. Critical estimates valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited future expected cash flows (primarily from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology) and discount rates. Management&#8217;s estimates fair value are based upon assumptions believed reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, result, actual results may differ from estimates. Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, more fully discussed Note &#32;of Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Goodwill Goodwill allocated reporting units expected benefit from the business combination. evaluate our reporting units when changes our operating structure occur, and necessary, reassign goodwill using relative fair value allocation approach. test goodwill for impairment the reporting unit level least annually, more frequently events changes circumstances indicate that the asset may impaired. Goodwill impairment tests require judgment, including the identification reporting units, assignment assets and liabilities reporting units, assignment goodwill reporting units, and determination the fair value each reporting unit. Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events changes circumstances indicate that the carrying amount asset may not recoverable. The evaluation performed the lowest level identifiable cash flows independent other assets. impairment loss would recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement impairment loss would based the excess the carrying amount the asset group over its fair value. Impairment Securities periodically review our securities for impairment. conclude that any these investments are impaired, determine whether such impairment other-than-temporary. Factors consider make such determination include the duration and severity the impairment, the reason for the decline value and the potential recovery period and our intent sell. For marketable debt securities, also consider whether (1) more likely than not that will required sell the security before recovery its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot recovered result credit losses. any impairment considered other-than-temporary, will write down the asset its fair value and record the corresponding charge other income (expense), net. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK are exposed financial market risks, including changes foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk transact business globally multiple currencies. Our international revenues, well costs and expenses denominated foreign currencies, expose the risk fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. general, are net receiver foreign currencies and therefore benefit from weakening the U.S. dollar and are adversely affected strengthening the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options) protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related our earnings. When the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the impact foreign currency exchange rate movements. designate these contracts cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. record the effective portion these contracts component accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassify them into revenues offset the hedged exposures they occur. For foreign currency collars, include the change time value our assessment hedge effectiveness. For forwards and all other option contracts, exclude the change the forward points and time value Table Contents Alphabet Inc. from our assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded components other income (expense), net. considered the historical trends foreign currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that changes exchange rates 10% could experienced the near term. the U.S. dollar weakened 10% December 31, 2016 &#32;and December 31, 2017 the amount recorded AOCI related our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $920 million and $950 million lower December 31, 2016 &#32;and December 31, 2017 respectively. The change the value recorded AOCI would expected offset corresponding foreign currency change forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. addition, use foreign exchange forward contracts offset the foreign exchange risk our assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the impact foreign currency exchange rate movements our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses the assets and liabilities are recorded other income (expense), net, which are offset the gains and losses the forward contracts. considered the historical trends foreign currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse changes exchange rates 10% for all currencies could experienced the near term. These reasonably possible adverse changes exchange rates 10% were applied total monetary assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currencies the balance sheet dates compute the adverse impact these changes would have had our income before income taxes the near term. These changes would have resulted adverse impact income before income taxes approximately $40 million and $52 million December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 respectively. The adverse impact December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;is after consideration the offsetting effect approximately $554 million and $374 million, respectively, from foreign exchange contracts place for the months ended December 31, 2016 &#32;and December 31, 2017 Interest Rate Risk Our investment strategy achieve return that will allow preserve capital and maintain liquidity requirements. invest primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. policy, limit the amount credit exposure any one issuer. Our investments both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry degree interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due rise interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted interest rates fall. Unrealized gains losses our marketable debt securities are primarily due interest rate fluctuations result higher market interest rates compared interest rates the time purchase. account for both fixed and variable rate securities fair value with changes gains and losses recorded AOCI until the securities are sold. enhance our assessment the interest rate risk associated with our investment portfolio, use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis determine the potential impact fluctuations interest rates the value our marketable debt security portfolio. The VaR the expected loss fair value, for given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due adverse movements interest rates. use variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss fair value our marketable debt securities December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;are shown below (in millions): December 31, 12-Month Average December 31, 2016 2017 2016 2017 Risk Category Interest Rate 107 Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;due the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount changes interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis not intended represent actual losses but used risk estimation. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. INDEX CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements The supplementary financial information required this Item included Item under the caption &#8220;Quarterly Results Operations.&#8221; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion the Financial Statements have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. (the Company) December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2017 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed the Index Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;). our opinion, the financial statements referred above present fairly, all material respects, the consolidated financial position the Company December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 and the consolidated results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2017 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2017, based criteria established Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report February 2018 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s financial statements based our audits. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement, whether due error fraud. Our audits included performing procedures assess the risks material misstatement the financial statements, whether due error fraud, and performing procedures that respond those risks. Such procedures included examining, test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall presentation the financial statements. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Ernst Young LLP have served the Company's auditor since 1999. San Jose, California February 2018 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion Internal Control over Financial Reporting have audited Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2017 based criteria established Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2017 based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets the Company December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 and the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2017 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed the Index Item 15(a)2, the Company and our report dated February 2018 &#32;expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitation Internal Control Over Financial Reporting company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 2018 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share and par value amounts which are reflected thousands, and par value per share amounts) December 31, 2016 December 31, 2017 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 12,918 10,715 Marketable securities 73,415 91,156 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 86,333 101,871 Accounts receivable, net allowance $467 and $674 14,137 18,336 Income taxes receivable, net 369 Inventory 268 749 Other current assets 4,575 2,983 Total current assets 105,408 124,308 Non-marketable investments 5,878 7,813 Deferred income taxes 383 680 Property and equipment, net 34,234 42,383 Intangible assets, net 3,307 2,692 Goodwill 16,468 16,747 Other non-current assets 1,819 2,672 Total assets 167,497 197,295 Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 2,041 3,137 Accrued compensation and benefits 3,976 4,581 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 6,144 10,177 Accrued revenue share 2,942 3,975 Deferred revenue 1,099 1,432 Income taxes payable, net 554 881 Total current liabilities 16,756 24,183 Long-term debt 3,935 3,969 Deferred revenue, non-current 202 340 Income taxes payable, non-current 4,677 12,812 Deferred income taxes 226 430 Other long-term liabilities 2,665 3,059 Total liabilities 28,461 44,793 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders&#8217; equity: Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class 9,000,000, Class 3,000,000, Class 3,000,000); 691,293 (Class 296,992, Class 47,437, Class 346,864) and 694,783 (Class 298,470, Class 46,972, Class 349,341) shares issued and outstanding 36,307 40,247 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (2,402 (992 Retained earnings 105,131 113,247 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 139,036 152,502 Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity 167,497 197,295 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Revenues 74,989 90,272 110,855 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 28,164 35,138 45,583 Research and development 12,282 13,948 16,625 Sales and marketing 9,047 10,485 12,893 General and administrative 6,136 6,985 6,872 European Commission fine 2,736 Total costs and expenses 55,629 66,556 84,709 Income from operations 19,360 23,716 26,146 Other income (expense), net 291 434 1,047 Income before income taxes 19,651 24,150 27,193 Provision for income taxes 3,303 4,672 14,531 Net income 16,348 19,478 12,662 Less: Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Net income available all stockholders 15,826 19,478 12,662 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 23.11 28.32 18.27 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 24.63 28.32 18.27 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 22.84 27.85 18.00 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 24.34 27.85 18.00 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Net income 16,348 19,478 12,662 Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment (1,067 (599 1,543 Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) (715 (314 307 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income 208 221 105 Net change (net tax effect $29, $0, and $0) (507 (93 412 Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains (losses) 676 515 (638 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income (1,003 (351 Net change (net tax effect $115, $64, and $247) (327 164 (545 Other comprehensive income (loss) (1,901 (528 1,410 Comprehensive income 14,447 18,950 14,072 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands) Class and Class Common Stock, Class Capital Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2014 680,172 28,767 75,066 103,860 Common and capital stock issued 8,714 664 664 Stock-based compensation expense 5,151 5,151 Stock-based compensation tax benefits 815 815 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (2,779 (2,779 Repurchases capital stock (2,391 (111 (1,669 (1,780 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 853 475 (522 (47 Net income 16,348 16,348 Other comprehensive loss (1,901 (1,901 Balance December 31, 2015 687,348 32,982 (1,874 89,223 120,331 Cumulative effect accounting change 180 (133 Common and capital stock issued 9,106 298 298 Stock-based compensation expense 6,700 6,700 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (3,597 (3,597 Repurchases capital stock (5,161 (256 (3,437 (3,693 Net income 19,478 19,478 Other comprehensive loss (528 (528 Balance December 31, 2016 691,293 36,307 (2,402 105,131 139,036 Cumulative effect accounting change (15 (15 Common and capital stock issued 8,652 212 212 Stock-based compensation expense 7,694 7,694 Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units (4,373 (4,373 Repurchases capital stock (5,162 (315 (4,531 (4,846 Sale subsidiary shares 722 722 Net income 12,662 12,662 Other comprehensive income 1,410 1,410 Balance December 31, 2017 694,783 40,247 (992 113,247 152,502 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Operating activities Net income 16,348 19,478 12,662 Adjustments: Depreciation and impairment property and equipment 4,132 5,267 6,103 Amortization and impairment intangible assets 931 877 812 Stock-based compensation expense 5,203 6,703 7,679 Deferred income taxes (179 (38 258 Loss marketable and non-marketable investments, net 334 275 194 Other 212 174 137 Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable (2,094 (2,578 (3,768 Income taxes, net (179 3,125 8,211 Other assets (318 312 (2,164 Accounts payable 203 110 731 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,597 1,515 4,891 Accrued revenue share 339 593 955 Deferred revenue 223 390 Net cash provided operating activities 26,572 36,036 37,091 Investing activities Purchases property and equipment (9,950 (10,212 (13,184 Proceeds from disposals property and equipment 240 Purchases marketable securities (74,368 (84,509 (92,195 Maturities and sales marketable securities 62,905 66,895 73,959 Purchases non-marketable investments (2,326 (1,109 (1,745 Maturities and sales non-marketable investments 154 494 533 Cash collateral related securities lending (350 (2,428 Investments reverse repurchase agreements 425 450 Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangible assets (236 (986 (287 Proceeds from collection notes receivable 1,419 Net cash used investing activities (23,711 (31,165 (31,401 Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities (2,375 (3,304 (4,166 Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders (47 Repurchases capital stock (1,780 (3,693 (4,846 Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs 13,705 8,729 4,291 Repayments debt (13,728 (10,064 (4,377 Proceeds from sale subsidiary shares 800 Net cash used financing activities (4,225 (8,332 (8,298 Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents (434 (170 405 Net decrease cash and cash equivalents (1,798 (3,631 (2,203 Cash and cash equivalents beginning period 18,347 16,549 12,918 Cash and cash equivalents end period 16,549 12,918 10,715 Supplemental disclosures cash flow information Cash paid for taxes, net refunds 3,651 1,643 6,191 Cash paid for interest, net amounts capitalized See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. NOTES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note Nature Operations and Summary Significant Accounting Policies &#32; Nature Operations Google was incorporated California September 1998 and re-incorporated the State Delaware August 2003. 2015, implemented holding company reorganization, and result, Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet) became the successor issuer Google. generate revenues primarily delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising. Basis Consolidation The consolidated financial statements Alphabet include the accounts Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use Estimates Preparation consolidated financial statements conformity with generally accepted accounting principles the United States (GAAP) requires make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. ongoing basis, evaluate our estimates, including those related the accounts receivable and sales allowances, fair values financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. base our estimates assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believed reasonable, the results which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values assets and liabilities. Revenue Recognition recognize revenues when transfer control promised goods services our customers amount that reflects the consideration which expect entitled exchange for those goods services. See Note for further discussion Revenues. Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists TAC and other costs revenues. TAC represents the amounts paid Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed their properties and amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. Other costs revenues (which the cost revenues excluding TAC) include the following: &#8226; Amortization certain intangible assets; &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated flat fee); &#8226; Credit card and other transaction fees related processing customer transactions; &#8226; Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expense (including SBC), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and &#8226; Inventory related costs for hardware sell. Stock-based Compensation Stock-based compensation primarily consists Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured the fair market value the underlying stock the grant date. recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period and account for forfeitures they occur. For RSUs, shares are issued the vesting dates net the applicable statutory tax withholding paid behalf our employees. result, fewer shares are issued than the number RSUs outstanding. record liability for the tax withholding paid reduction additional paid-in capital. Additionally, stock-based compensation includes other types stock-based awards that may settled the stock our subsidiaries cash. Certain awards are liability classified and are remeasured fair value through settlement. Performance Fees have compensation arrangements with payouts based investment returns. recognize compensation expense based the estimated payouts. The amounts are recorded general and administrative expenses and were not material for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 Certain Risks and Concentrations Our revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which highly competitive and rapidly changing. addition, our revenues are generated from multitude vertical market segments countries around the world. Significant changes this industry changes customer buying advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results. are subject concentrations credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments, debt instruments issued municipalities the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. perform ongoing evaluations determine customer credit and limit the amount credit extend. generally not require collateral from our customers. maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations. &#32;individual customer groups affiliated customers represented more than 10% &#32;of our revenues 2015 2016 2017 2015 2016 and 2017 generated approximately 46% 47% and 47% &#32;of our revenues, respectively, from customers based the U.S. See Note &#32;for further details. Fair Value Financial Instruments Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured fair value recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets that are measured fair value nonrecurring basis when impairment identified assets are held for sale include long-lived assets and non-marketable equity securities. Other financial assets and liabilities are carried cost with fair value disclosed, required. Fair value exit price, representing the amount that would received sell asset paid transfer liability orderly transaction between market participants. such, fair value market-based measurement that determined based assumptions that market participants would use pricing asset liability. Assets and liabilities recorded fair value are measured and classified accordance with three-tier fair value hierarchy based the observability the inputs available the market used measure fair value: Level Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets liabilities active markets. Level Include other inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments active markets, quoted prices for identical similar instruments markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable the market can derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings. Level Unobservable inputs that are supported little market activities. The fair value hierarchy requires entity maximize the use observable inputs and minimize the use unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities invest all excess cash primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. classify all investments that are readily convertible known amounts cash and have stated maturities three months less from the date purchase cash equivalents and those with stated maturities greater than three months marketable securities. determine the appropriate classification our investments marketable securities the time purchase and reevaluate such designation each balance sheet date. have classified and accounted for our marketable securities available-for-sale. After consideration our risk versus reward objectives, well our liquidity requirements, may sell these securities prior their stated maturities. view these securities available support current operations, classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond months current assets under the caption marketable securities the Consolidated Balance Sheets. carry these securities fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net taxes, component stockholders&#8217; equity, except for unrealized losses determined other-than-temporary, which record within other income (expense), net. determine any realized gains losses the sale marketable securities specific identification method, and record such gains and losses component other income (expense), net. Non-Marketable Investments account for non-marketable equity investments either under the equity cost method. Investments through which exercise significant influence but not have control over the investee are accounted for under the equity method. Investments through which are not able exercise significant influence over the investee are accounted for under the cost method. classify non-marketable investments non-current assets the Consolidated Balance Sheet those investments not have stated contractual maturity dates. account for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition debt security available-for-sale securities. Variable Interest Entities determine the inception each arrangement whether entity which have made investment which have other variable interests considered Variable Interest Entity (VIE). consolidate VIEs when are deemed the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary VIE the party that meets both the following criteria: (1) has the power make decisions that most significantly affect the economic performance the VIE; and (2) has the obligation absorb losses the right receive benefits that either case could potentially significant the VIE. Periodically, determine whether any changes our interest relationship with the entity impact our determination whether the entity still VIE and, so, whether are the primary beneficiary. are not deemed the primary beneficiary VIE, account for the investment other variable interests VIE accordance with applicable GAAP. Impairment Investments periodically review our investments for impairment. conclude that any these investments are impaired, determine whether such impairment other-than-temporary. Factors consider make such determination include the duration and severity the impairment, the reason for the decline value and the potential recovery period and our intent sell. For debt securities, also consider whether (1) more likely than not that will required sell the security before recovery its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot recovered result credit losses. any impairment considered other-than-temporary, will write down the asset its fair value and record the corresponding charge other income (expense), net. Accounts Receivable record accounts receivable the invoiced amount. maintain allowance for doubtful accounts reserve for potentially uncollectible receivables. review the accounts receivable amounts due customers which are past due identify specific customers with known disputes collectability issues. determining the amount the reserve, make judgments about the creditworthiness significant customers based ongoing credit evaluations. also maintain sales allowance reserve for potential credits issued customers. determine the amount the reserve based historical credits issued. Property and Equipment account for property and equipment cost less accumulated depreciation. compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives the assets. depreciate buildings over periods &#32;years. generally depreciate information technology assets over periods &#32;years. depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter the remaining lease term the estimated useful lives the assets. Construction progress the construction development property and equipment that have not yet been placed service for Table Contents Alphabet Inc. our intended use. Depreciation for equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land not depreciated. Inventory Inventory consists primarily finished goods and stated the lower cost and net realizable value. Cost computed using the first-in, first-out method. Software Development Costs expense software development costs, including costs develop software products the software component products sold, leased, marketed external users, before technological feasibility reached. Technological feasibility typically reached shortly before the release such products and result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented. Software development costs also include costs develop software used solely meet internal needs and cloud based applications used deliver our services. capitalize development costs related these software applications once the preliminary project stage complete and probable that the project will completed and the software will used perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software applications were not material for the periods presented. Business Combinations include the results operations the businesses that acquire the acquisition date. allocate the purchase price our acquisitions the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based their estimated fair values. The excess the purchase price over the fair values these identifiable assets and liabilities recorded goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed incurred. Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events changes circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not recoverable. measure recoverability these assets comparing the carrying amounts the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets the asset group are expected generate. the carrying value the assets are not recoverable, the impairment recognized measured the amount which the carrying value the asset exceeds its fair value. Intangible asset impairments were not material 2015, 2016, 2017. allocate goodwill reporting units based the expected benefit from the business combination. evaluate our reporting units when changes our operating structure occur, and necessary, reassign goodwill using relative fair value allocation approach. test our goodwill for impairment least annually, more frequently events changes circumstances indicate that the asset may impaired. goodwill impairment occurred 2015, 2016, 2017. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. amortize intangible assets straight-line basis with definite lives over periods ranging from one &#32;to twelve &#32;years. Income Taxes account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which recognize the amount taxes payable refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences events that have been recognized our financial statements tax returns. measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based provisions enacted tax law. evaluate the realization our deferred tax assets based all available evidence and establish valuation allowance reduce deferred tax assets when more likely than not that they will not realized. recognize the financial statement effects tax position when more likely than not that, based technical merits, the position will sustained upon examination. The tax benefits the position recognized the financial statements are then measured based the largest amount benefit that greater than 50% likely realized upon settlement with taxing authority. addition, recognize interest and penalties related unrecognized tax benefits component the income tax provision. Foreign Currency Generally, the functional currency our international subsidiaries the local currency. translate the financial statements these subsidiaries U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. record Table Contents Alphabet Inc. translation gains and losses accumulated other comprehensive income component stockholders&#8217; equity. reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion the transaction currency functional currency component foreign currency exchange losses other income (expense), net. Advertising and Promotional Expenses expense advertising and promotional costs the period which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 &#32;and 2017 advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $3.2 billion $3.9 billion and $5.1 billion respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01) "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities." ASU 2016-01 amends various aspects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure financial instruments. The most significant impact our consolidated financial statements relates the recognition and measurement equity investments fair value our consolidated statements income. have elected use the measurement alternative, defined cost, less impairments, adjusted observable price changes. anticipate that the adoption ASU 2016-01 will increase the volatility our other income (expense), net, result the remeasurement our equity securities upon the occurrence observable price changes and impairments. will adopt ASU 2016-01 effective January 2018. February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) "Leases." Topic 842 supersedes the lease recognition requirements Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840, "Leases." Under Topic 842, lessees are required recognize assets and liabilities the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue classified either finance operating. currently issued, entities are required use modified retrospective approach for leases that exist are entered into after the beginning the earliest comparative period the financial statements. There are additional optional practical expedients that entity may elect apply. anticipate that the adoption Topic 842 will materially affect our Consolidated Balance Sheets. are the process implementing changes our systems and processes conjunction with our review existing lease agreements. will adopt Topic 842 effective January 2019 and expect elect certain available transitional practical expedients. June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13) "Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement Credit Losses Financial Instruments" which requires the measurement and recognition expected credit losses for financial assets held amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with expected loss methodology, which will result more timely recognition credit losses. ASU 2016-13 effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019. are currently the process evaluating the impact the adoption ASU 2016-13 our consolidated financial statements. October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-16 (ASU 2016-16) "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers Assets Other than Inventory." ASU 2016-16 generally accelerates the recognition income tax consequences for asset transfers between entities under common control. Entities are required adopt using modified retrospective approach with cumulative adjustment opening retained earnings the year adoption for previously unrecognized income tax expense. anticipate retained earnings adjustment approximately $700 million &#32;upon adoption related the unrecognized income tax effects asset transfers that occurred prior adoption. will adopt ASU 2016-16 effective January 2018. January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-04 (ASU 2017-04) &#8220;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.&#8221; ASU 2017-04 eliminates step two the goodwill impairment test and specifies that goodwill impairment should measured comparing the fair value reporting unit with its carrying amount. Additionally, the amount goodwill allocated each reporting unit with zero negative carrying amount net assets should disclosed. ASU 2017-04 effective for annual interim goodwill impairment tests performed fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019; early adoption permitted. currently not anticipate that the adoption ASU 2017-04 will have material impact our consolidated financial statements. Recently adopted accounting pronouncements May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (Topic 606) "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." Topic 606 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements Topic 605 &#8220;Revenue Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Recognition&#8221; (Topic 605), and requires entities recognize revenues when control the promised goods services transferred customers amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects entitled exchange for those goods services. adopted Topic 606 January 2017 using the modified retrospective transition method. See Note &#32;for further details. January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-01 (ASU 2017-01) &#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition Business.&#8221; ASU 2017-01 provides guidance evaluate whether transactions should accounted for acquisitions (or disposals) assets businesses. substantially all the fair value the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) concentrated single asset group similar assets, the assets acquired (or disposed of) are not considered business. adopted ASU 2017-01 January 2017 prospective basis and there was material impact our consolidated financial statements. Prior Period Reclassifications Certain amounts prior periods have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. Note Revenues &#32; Adoption ASC Topic 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" January 2017 adopted Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method applied those contracts which were not completed January 2017 Results for reporting periods beginning after January 2017 &#32;are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue reported accordance with our historic accounting under Topic 605. recorded net reduction opening retained earnings $15 million net tax, January 2017 &#32;due the cumulative impact adopting Topic 606, with the impact primarily related our non-advertising revenues. The impact revenues result applying Topic 606 was increase $34 million &#32;for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when control the promised goods services transferred our customers, amount that reflects the consideration expect entitled exchange for those goods services. The following table presents our revenues disaggregated revenue source (in millions). Sales and usage-based taxes are excluded from revenues. Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015 (1) 2016 (1) 2017 Google properties 52,357 63,785 77,788 Google Network Members' properties 15,033 15,598 17,587 Google advertising revenues 67,390 79,383 95,375 Google other revenues 7,154 10,080 14,277 Other Bets revenues 445 809 1,203 Total revenues (2) 74,989 90,272 110,855 &#32; (1) noted above, prior period amounts have not been adjusted under the modified retrospective method. (2) Revenues include hedging gains (losses) $1.4 billion $539 million and $(169) million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively, which not represent revenues recognized from contracts with customers. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents our revenues disaggregated geography, based the billing addresses our customers (in millions): Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 United States 34,810 42,781 52,449 EMEA (1) 26,368 30,304 36,046 APAC (1) 9,887 12,559 16,235 Other Americas (1) 3,924 4,628 6,125 Total revenues (2) 74,989 90,272 110,855 (1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America (Other Americas). (2) Revenues include hedging gains (losses) for the the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 Advertising Revenues generate revenues primarily delivering advertising Google properties and Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Google properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated Google.com, the Google Search app, and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, Google Play, and YouTube. Google Network Members&#8217; properties revenues consist primarily advertising revenues generated Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through AdWords, DoubleClick AdExchange, and DoubleClick Bid Manager, among others. Most our customers pay cost-per-click basis (CPC), which means that advertiser pays only when user clicks Google properties Google Network Members' properties views certain YouTube engagement ads. For these customers, recognize revenue each time user clicks the when user views the for specified period time. also offer advertising other bases such cost-per-impression (CPM), which means advertiser pays based the number times their ads are displayed Google properties Google Network Members&#8217; properties. For these customers, recognize revenue each time displayed. Certain customers may receive cash-based incentives credits, which are accounted for variable consideration. estimate these amounts based the expected amount provided customers and reduce revenues recognized. believe that there will not significant changes our estimates variable consideration. For ads placed Google Network Members&#8217; properties, evaluate whether are the principal (i.e., report revenues gross basis) agent (i.e., report revenues net basis). Generally, report advertising revenues for ads placed Google Network Members&#8217; properties gross basis, that is, the amounts billed our customers are recorded revenues, and amounts paid Google Network Members are recorded cost revenues. Where are the principal, control the advertising inventory before transferred our customers. Our control evidenced our sole ability monetize the advertising inventory before transferred our customers, and further supported being primarily responsible our customers and having level discretion establishing pricing. Other Revenues Google other revenues and Other Bets revenues consist primarily revenues from: &#8226; Apps, in-app purchases, and digital content the Google Play store; &#8226; Google Cloud offerings; &#8226; Hardware; and &#8226; Other miscellaneous products and services. relates Google other revenues, the most significant judgment determining whether are the principal agent for app sales and in-app purchases through the Google Play store. report revenues from these transactions net basis because our performance obligation facilitate transaction between app developers and end users, Table Contents Alphabet Inc. for which earn commission. Consequently, the portion the gross amount billed end users that remitted app developers not reflected revenues. Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, allocate revenues each performance obligation based its relative standalone selling price. generally determine standalone selling prices based the prices charged customers using expected cost plus margin. Deferred Revenues record deferred revenues when cash payments are received due advance our performance, including amounts which are refundable. The increase &#32;in the deferred revenue balance for the twelve months ended &#32; December 31, 2017 &#32;is primarily driven cash payments received due advance satisfying our performance obligations, offset $985 million &#32;of revenues recognized that were included the deferred revenue balance December 31, 2016 Our payment terms vary the type and location our customer and the products services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment due not significant. For certain products services and customer types, require payment before the products services are delivered the customer. Practical Expedients and Exemptions generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year less. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. not disclose the value unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with original expected length one year less and (ii) contracts for which recognize revenue the amount which have the right invoice for services performed. Note Financial Instruments &#32; classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level Level the fair value hierarchy because use quoted market prices alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs determine their fair value. classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level the fair value hierarchy the valuation inputs are based quoted prices and market observable data similar instruments. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities significant investment categories December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;(in millions): December 31, 2016 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Cash 7,078 7,078 7,078 Level Money market and other funds 4,783 4,783 4,783 U.S. government notes 38,454 (215 38,285 613 37,672 Marketable equity securities 160 133 293 293 43,397 179 (215 43,361 5,396 37,965 Level Time deposits (1) 142 142 140 Mutual funds (2) 204 211 211 U.S. government agencies 1,826 (11 1,815 300 1,515 Foreign government bonds 2,345 2,356 2,356 Municipal securities 4,757 (65 4,707 4,705 Corporate debt securities 12,993 114 (116 12,991 12,989 Mortgage-backed securities 12,006 (216 11,816 11,816 Asset-backed securities 1,855 1,856 1,856 36,128 182 (416 35,894 444 35,450 Total 86,603 361 (631 86,333 12,918 73,415 December 31, 2017 Adjusted Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Cash 7,158 7,158 7,158 Level Money market and other funds 1,833 1,833 1,833 U.S. government notes 37,256 (310 36,948 1,241 35,707 Marketable equity securities 242 100 340 340 39,331 102 (312 39,121 3,074 36,047 Level Time deposits (1) 359 359 357 Mutual funds (2) 232 252 252 U.S. government agencies 3,713 (29 3,684 3,684 Foreign government bonds 2,948 (14 2,940 2,940 Municipal securities 7,631 (53 7,580 7,580 Corporate debt securities 24,269 (135 24,155 126 24,029 Mortgage-backed securities 11,157 (163 11,003 11,003 Asset-backed securities 5,632 (17 5,619 5,619 55,941 (411 55,592 483 55,109 Total 102,430 164 (723 101,871 10,715 91,156 (1) The majority our time deposits are foreign deposits. (2) The fair value option was elected for mutual funds with gains (losses) recognized other income (expense), net. determine realized gains losses the sale marketable securities specific identification method. recognized gross realized gains $357 million $272 million and $207 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. recognized gross realized losses $565 million $482 million and $287 million &#32; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. reflect these gains and losses component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value our investments marketable debt securities, accounted for available-for-sale securities and classified the contractual maturity date the securities (in millions): December 31, 2017 Due year 19,486 Due year through years 56,056 Due years through years 2,676 Due after years 12,346 Total 90,564 Impairment Considerations for Marketable Investments The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were unrealized loss position December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 aggregated investment category and the length time that individual securities have been continuous loss position (in millions): December 31, 2016 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. government notes 26,411 (215 26,411 (215 U.S. government agencies 1,014 (11 1,014 (11 Foreign government bonds 956 956 Municipal securities 3,461 (63 3,507 (65 Corporate debt securities 6,184 (111 166 6,350 (116 Mortgage-backed securities 10,184 (206 259 (10 10,443 (216 Asset-backed securities 391 391 Total 48,601 (614 471 (17 49,072 (631 December 31, 2017 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. government notes 18,325 (134 16,136 (176 34,461 (310 U.S. government agencies 2,913 (22 767 3,680 (29 Foreign government bonds 1,932 342 2,274 (14 Municipal securities 5,666 (47 415 6,081 (53 Corporate debt securities 18,300 (114 1,710 (21 20,010 (135 Mortgage-backed securities 7,261 (89 3,314 (74 10,575 (163 Asset-backed securities 3,800 (16 135 3,935 (17 Marketable equity securities Total 58,236 (432 22,819 (291 81,055 (723 During the years ended December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 there were &#32;other-than-temporary impairment losses. During the year ended December 31, 2015 recognized $281 million &#32;of other-than-temporary impairment losses related our marketable equity securities and fixed-income bond funds. Those losses are included gain (loss) marketable securities, net component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. See Note &#32;for further details other income (expense), net. Derivative Financial Instruments recognize derivative instruments either assets liabilities the Consolidated Balance Sheets fair value. record changes the fair value (i.e., gains losses) the derivatives the Consolidated Statements Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Income either other income (expense), net, revenues, the Consolidated Balance Sheets accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), discussed below. enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions reduce the risk that our cash flows and earnings will adversely affected foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. also use interest rate derivative contracts hedge interest rate exposures our fixed income securities and debt issuances. Our program not used for trading speculative purposes. enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk permitting net settlement transactions with the same counterparty. further reduce credit risk, enter into collateral security arrangements under which the counterparty required provide collateral when the net fair value certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. can take possession the collateral the event counterparty default. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 received cash collateral related the derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements $362 million &#32;and $15 million respectively. Cash Flow Hedges use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options), designated cash flow hedges hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar and times use interest rate swaps effectively lock interest rates anticipated debt issuances. These transactions are designated cash flow hedges. The notional principal these contracts was approximately $10.7 billion &#32;and $11.7 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 respectively. These contracts have maturities years &#32;or less. reflect the gains losses the effective portion cash flow hedge component AOCI and subsequently reclassify cumulative gains and losses revenues interest expense when the hedged transactions are recorded. the hedged transactions become probable not occurring, the corresponding amounts AOCI are immediately reclassified other income (expense), net. For foreign currency collars, include the change time value our assessment hedge effectiveness. For other foreign currency options and forward contracts, exclude the change the forward points and time value from our assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded components other income (expense), net. December 31, 2017 the effective portion our cash flow hedges before tax effect was net accumulated loss $187 million which net loss $219 million &#32;is expected reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next months. Fair Value Hedges use forward contracts designated fair value hedges hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. exclude changes forward points for forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. The notional principal these contracts was $2.4 billion &#32;and $2.9 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 respectively. Gains and losses these forward contracts are recognized other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses the related hedged items. Other Derivatives Other derivatives not designated hedging instruments consist foreign currency forward contracts that use hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency subsidiary. recognize gains and losses these contracts, well the related costs other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses monetary assets and liabilities. The notional principal the outstanding foreign exchange contracts was $7.9 billion &#32;and $15.2 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The fair values our outstanding derivative instruments were follows (in millions): December 31, 2016 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-current assets 539 596 Total 539 596 Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current Total December 31, 2017 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-current assets Total Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current 230 122 352 Total 230 122 352 The effect derivative instruments cash flow hedging relationships income and other comprehensive income (OCI) summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized OCI Derivatives Before Tax Effect (Effective Portion) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship 2015 2016 2017 Foreign exchange contracts 964 773 (955 Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship Location 2015 2016 2017 Foreign exchange contracts Revenues 1,399 539 (169 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Total 1,404 544 (164 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives (Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing and Ineffective Portion) (1) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship Location 2015 2016 2017 Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net (297 (381 (1) Gains (losses) related the ineffective portion the hedges were not material all periods presented. The effect derivative instruments fair value hedging relationships income summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives (2) Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Fair Value Hedging Relationship Location 2015 2016 2017 Foreign Exchange Hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net 170 145 (174 Hedged item Other income (expense), net (176 (139 197 Total (2) Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing and the ineffective portion the fair value hedging relationships were not material all periods presented. The effect derivative instruments not designated hedging instruments income summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized Income Derivatives Year Ended December 31, Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Location 2015 2016 2017 Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net 198 130 (230 Offsetting Derivatives present our forwards and purchased options gross fair values the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For foreign currency collars, present net fair values where both purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. Our master netting and other similar arrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 information related these offsetting arrangements were follows (in millions): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Offsetting Assets December 31, 2016 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 596 596 (11 (1) (337 (73 175 December 31, 2017 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives 102 (22 (64 (1) (1) The balances December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;were related derivative liabilities which are allowed net settled against derivative assets accordance with our master netting agreements. Offsetting Liabilities December 31, 2016 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives (11 (2) December 31, 2017 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives 374 (22 352 (64 (2) 288 (2) The balances December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;were related derivative assets which are allowed net settled against derivative liabilities accordance with our master netting agreements. Note Non-Marketable Investments Our non-marketable investments include non-marketable equity investments and non-marketable debt securities. Non-Marketable Equity Investments Our non-marketable equity investments are investments privately-held companies accounted for under the equity cost method and are not required consolidated under the variable interest voting models. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 investments accounted for under the equity method had carrying value approximately $1.7 billion &#32;and $1.4 billion respectively. Our share gains and losses equity method investments including impairment was net loss $227 million $202 million and $156 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 investments accounted for under the cost method had carrying value $3.0 billion &#32;and $4.5 billion respectively, and fair value approximately $8.1 billion &#32;and $8.8 billion respectively. The fair value the cost method investments are primarily determined from data leveraging private-market transactions and are classified within Level the fair value hierarchy. reflect our share equity Table Contents Alphabet Inc. method investee earnings and losses and impairments non-marketable equity investments component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. Non-Marketable Debt Securities Our non-marketable debt securities are primarily preferred stock that are redeemable our option and convertible notes issued private companies and measured fair value available for sale debt securities. The cost these securities was $1.1 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 These debt securities not have readily determinable market values and are categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. estimate the fair value these securities, use combination valuation methodologies, including market and income approaches based prior transaction prices; estimated timing, probability, and amount cash flows; and illiquidity considerations. Financial information private companies may not available and consequently estimate the value based the best available information the measurement date. The following table presents reconciliation for our non-marketable debt securities measured and recorded fair value recurring basis, using significant unobservable inputs (Level (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2016 2017 Beginning balance 1,024 1,165 Total net gains (losses) Included earnings (10 Included other comprehensive income 106 707 Purchases Sales (18 Settlements (25 (54 Ending balance 1,165 1,894 Note Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) &#32; Consolidated VIEs consolidate VIEs which hold variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results operations and statements financial position these VIEs are included our consolidated financial statements. &#32;For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available and their creditors not have recourse us. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 assets that can only used settle obligations these VIEs were $1.1 billion &#32;and $1.7 billion respectively, and the liabilities for which creditors not have recourse were $668 million &#32;and $997 million respectively. Calico Calico life science company with mission harness advanced technologies increase our understanding the biology that controls lifespan. December 31, 2017 have contributed $240 million &#32;to Calico exchange for Calico convertible preferred units and are committed fund additional $490 million &#32;on as-needed basis. September 2014, AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) and Calico announced research and development collaboration agreement intended help both companies discover, develop, and bring market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer. December 31, 2017 AbbVie has contributed $750 million &#32;to fund the collaboration pursuant the agreement, which reflects its total commitment. December 31, 2017 Calico has contributed 250 million &#32;and committed additional 500 million Calico has used its scientific expertise establish world-class research and development facility, with focus drug discovery and early drug development; and AbbVie provides scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise bring new discoveries market. Both companies share costs and profits equally. AbbVie's contribution has been recorded liability Calico's financial statements, which reduced and reflected reduction research and development expense eligible research and development costs are incurred Calico. Verily Verily life science company with mission make the world's health data useful that people enjoy healthier lives. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. January 2017 Temasek, Singapore-based investment company, signed binding commitment purchase noncontrolling interest Verily for aggregate $800 million &#32;in cash. February 2017, the first tranche the investment closed and received $480 million The second and final tranche the investment closed July 2017 and received the remaining $320 million The transaction accounted for equity transaction and gain loss was recognized. the $800 million &#32;received, $78 million &#32;was recorded noncontrolling interest and $722 million &#32;was recorded additional paid-in capital. Noncontrolling interest and net loss attributable noncontrolling interest were not separately presented our consolidated financial statements and for the year ended December 31, 2017 &#32;as the amounts were not material. Unconsolidated VIEs Certain renewable energy investments included our non-marketable equity investments accounted for under the equity method are VIEs. These entities' activities involve power generation using renewable sources. have determined that the governance structures these entities not allow direct the activities that would significantly impact their economic performance such setting operating budgets. Therefore, not consolidate these VIEs our consolidated financial statements. The carrying value and maximum exposure these VIEs were $1.2 billion &#32;and $0.9 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 respectively. The maximum exposure based current investments date. have determined the single source our exposure these VIEs our capital investment them. Other unconsolidated VIEs were not material December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 Note Debt &#32; Short-Term Debt have debt financing program $5.0 billion &#32;through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had &#32;commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2016 &#32;and December 31, 2017 respectively. Long-Term Debt Google issued $3.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes three &#32;tranches (collectively, 2011 Notes) May 2011, due 2014, 2016, and 2021, well $1.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes (2014 Notes) February 2014 due 2024. April 2016, completed exchange offer with eligible holders Google&#8217;s 2011 Notes due 2021 and 2014 Notes due 2024 (collectively, the Google Notes). aggregate principal amount approximately $1.7 billion &#32;of the Google Notes was exchanged for approximately $1.7 billion &#32;of Alphabet notes with identical interest rate and maturity. Because the exchange was between parent and the subsidiary company and for substantially identical notes, the change was treated debt modification for accounting purposes with &#32;gain loss recognized. August 2016, Alphabet issued $2.0 billion &#32;of senior unsecured notes (2016 Notes) due 2026. The net proceeds from the issuance the 2016 Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment outstanding commercial paper. The Alphabet notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 rank equally with each other and are structurally subordinate the outstanding Google Notes. &#32;The total outstanding long-term debt summarized below (in millions): December 31, 2016 December 31, 2017 3.625% Notes due May 19, 2021 1,000 1,000 3.375% Notes due February 25, 2024 1,000 1,000 1.998% Notes due August 15, 2026 2,000 2,000 Unamortized discount for the Notes above (65 (57 Subtotal (1) 3,935 3,943 Capital lease obligation Total long-term debt 3,935 3,969 (1) Includes the outstanding (and unexchanged) Google Notes issued 2011 and 2014 and the Alphabet notes exchanged 2016. The effective interest yields based proceeds received from the outstanding notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 were 3.734% 3.377% and 2.231% respectively, with interest payable semi-annually. may redeem these notes any time whole part specified redemption prices. The total estimated fair value all outstanding notes Table Contents Alphabet Inc. was approximately $3.9 billion &#32;as December 31, 2016 &#32;and $4.0 billion &#32;as December 31, 2017 The fair value was determined based observable market prices identical instruments less active markets and categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. December 31, 2017 the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt including long-term capital leases for each the next five years and thereafter are follows (in millions): 2018 2019 2020 2021 1,001 2022 Thereafter 3,022 Total 4,026 Credit Facility have $4.0 billion &#32;revolving credit facility which expires February 2021. The interest rate for the credit facility determined based formula using certain market rates. &#32;amounts were outstanding under the credit facility December 31, 2016 &#32;and December 31, 2017 Note Supplemental Financial Statement Information &#32; Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net, consisted the following (in millions): December 31, 2016 December 31, 2017 Land and buildings 19,804 23,183 Information technology assets 16,084 21,429 Construction progress 8,166 10,491 Leasehold improvements 3,415 4,496 Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross 47,527 59,647 Less: accumulated depreciation (13,293 (17,264 Property and equipment, net 34,234 42,383 December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 assets under capital lease with cost basis $299 million &#32;and $390 million &#32;were included property and equipment, respectively. Note Receivable connection with the sale our Motorola Mobile business Lenovo Group Limited (Lenovo) October 2014, received interest-free, three -year prepayable promissory note (Note Receivable) due October 2017. The Note Receivable was included our Consolidated Balance Sheets other current assets December 31, 2016. Based the general market conditions and the credit quality Lenovo the time the sale, discounted the Note Receivable effective interest rate 4.5% December 31, 2016 the outstanding principal was $1.4 billion &#32;with unamortized discount $51 million and did not recognize valuation allowance. The Note Receivable was fully repaid May 2017. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted the following (in millions): December 31, 2016 December 31, 2017 European Commission fine (1) 2,874 Accrued customer liabilities 1,256 1,489 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 4,888 5,814 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 6,144 10,177 (1) Includes the effects foreign exchange and interest. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The components AOCI, net tax, were follows (in millions): Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains (Losses) Cash Flow Hedges Total Balance December 31, 2014 (980 421 586 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1,067 (715 676 (1,106 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 208 (1,003 (795 Other comprehensive income (loss) (1,067 (507 (327 (1,901 Balance December 31, 2015 (2,047 (86 259 (1,874 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (599 (314 515 (398 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 221 (351 (130 Other comprehensive income (loss) (599 (93 164 (528 Balance December 31, 2016 (2,646 (179 423 (2,402 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 1,543 307 (638 1,212 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 105 198 Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,543 412 (545 1,410 Balance December 31, 2017 (1,103 233 (122 (992 The effects net income amounts reclassified from AOCI were follows (in millions): Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI the Consolidated Statement Income Year Ended December 31, AOCI Components Location 2015 2016 2017 Unrealized gains (losses) available-for-sale investments Other income (expense), net (208 (221 (105 Provision for income taxes Net tax (208 (221 (105 Unrealized gains (losses) cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue 1,399 539 (169 Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Benefit (provision) for income taxes (401 (193 Net tax 1,003 351 (93 Total amount reclassified, net tax 795 130 (198 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other Income (Expense), Net The components other income (expense), net, were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Interest income 999 1,220 1,312 Interest expense (1) (104 (124 (109 Foreign currency exchange losses, net (2) (422 (475 (121 Loss marketable securities, net (208 (210 (80 Loss non-marketable investments, net (126 (65 (114 Other 152 159 Other income (expense), net 291 434 1,047 (1) Interest expense net interest capitalized million million and $48 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. (2) Our foreign currency exchange losses, net, are related the option premium costs and forward points for our foreign currency hedging contracts, our foreign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion the transaction currency the functional currency, offset the foreign currency hedging contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were $123 million $112 million and $226 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. Note Acquisitions &#32; 2017 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2017 completed various &#32;acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $322 million aggregate, $12 million &#32;was cash acquired, $117 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $221 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and $28 million &#32;was attributed net liabilities assumed These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings and expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $60 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually aggregate. For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2017 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 3.7 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 2.0 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 8.8 &#32;years. Agreement with HTC Corporation (HTC) January 2018, completed the acquisition team engineers and non-exclusive license intellectual property from HTC for $1.1 billion &#32;in cash. The transaction will accounted for business combination. expect this transaction accelerate Google&#8217;s ongoing hardware efforts. are currently the process valuing the assets acquired and liabilities assumed the transaction. will provide all required disclosures upon the completion the valuation the first quarter 2018. 2016 Acquisitions Apigee October 2016, completed the acquisition Apigee Corp., provider application programming interface (API) management, for approximately $571 million cash. expect the acquisition accelerate our Google Cloud customers&#8217; move supporting their businesses with high quality digital interactions. the total purchase price $571 million $41 million was cash acquired, $127 million was attributed intangible assets, $376 million was attributed goodwill, and $27 million was attributed net assets acquired Goodwill, which was recorded the Google segment, primarily attributable synergies expected arise after the acquisition and deductible for tax purposes. Other Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2016 completed other acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately $448 million aggregate, $12 million &#32;was cash acquired, $143 million &#32;was attributed intangible assets, $288 million &#32;was attributed goodwill, and million &#32;was attributed net assets acquired These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expanding our Table Contents Alphabet Inc. expertise engineering and other functional areas. The amount goodwill expected deductible for tax purposes approximately $67 million Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually aggregate. For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2016 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life 4.5 &#32;years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life 3.4 &#32;years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life 6.2 &#32;years. Note Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets &#32; Goodwill The changes the carrying amount goodwill allocated our disclosed segments for the years ended December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;were follows (in millions): Google Other Bets Total Consolidated Balance December 31, 2015 15,456 413 15,869 Acquisitions 625 664 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments (54 (11 (65 Balance December 31, 2016 16,027 441 16,468 Acquisitions 212 221 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2017 16,295 452 16,747 Other Intangible Assets Information regarding purchased intangible assets were follows (in millions): December 31, 2016 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Patents and developed technology 5,542 2,710 2,832 Customer relationships 352 197 155 Trade names and other 463 143 320 Total 6,357 3,050 3,307 December 31, 2017 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Patents and developed technology 5,260 3,040 2,220 Customer relationships 359 263 Trade names and other 544 168 376 Total 6,163 3,471 2,692 Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives 3.8 &#32;years, 1.4 &#32;years, and 4.6 &#32;years, respectively. Amortization expense relating purchased intangible assets was $892 million $833 million and $796 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. December 31, 2017 expected amortization expense relating purchased intangible assets for each the next five years and thereafter are follows (in millions): 2018 728 2019 615 2020 493 2021 459 2022 212 Thereafter 185 2,692 Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies &#32; Operating Leases have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain our offices, facilities, land, and data centers throughout the world with lease periods expiring between 2018 &#32;and 2063 are committed pay portion the actual operating expenses under certain these lease agreements. These operating expenses are not included the table below. Certain these arrangements have free escalating rent payment provisions. recognize rent expense straight-line basis. December 31, 2017 future minimum payments under operating leases having initial remaining non-cancelable lease terms excess one year, net sublease income amounts, were follows (in millions): Operating Leases (1) Sub-lease Income Net Operating Leases 2018 1,175 1,160 2019 1,133 1,120 2020 1,073 1,062 2021 975 968 2022 831 828 Thereafter 3,616 3,615 Total minimum payments 8,803 8,753 (1) Includes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced. have entered into certain non-cancelable lease agreements with lease periods expiring between 2021 &#32;and 2044 &#32;where are the deemed owner for accounting purposes new construction projects. Excluded from the table above are future minimum lease payments under such leases totaling approximately $2.1 billion for which $1.3 billion &#32;liability included the Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2017 Rent expense under operating leases was $734 million $897 million and $1.1 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. Purchase Obligations December 31, 2017 had $7.2 billion &#32;of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related data center operations and build-outs, digital media content licensing, and purchases inventory. Indemnifications the normal course business, facilitate transactions our services and products, indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network Members, and lessors with respect certain matters. have agreed hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from breach representations covenants, out intellectual property infringement other claims made against certain parties. Several these agreements limit the time within which indemnification claim can made and the amount the claim. addition, have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations our agents. not possible make reasonable estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due the unique facts and circumstances involved each particular agreement. Additionally, have Table Contents Alphabet Inc. limited history prior indemnification claims and the payments have made under such agreements have not had material adverse effect our results operations, cash flows, financial position. However, the extent that valid indemnification claims arise the future, future payments could significant and could have material adverse effect our results operations cash flows particular period. December 31, 2017 did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable reasonably possible. Legal Matters Antitrust Investigations November 30, 2010, the European Commission's (EC) Directorate General for Competition opened investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us. April 15, 2015, the issued Statement Objections (SO) regarding the display and ranking shopping search results and ads, which responded August 27, 2015. July 14, 2016, the issued Supplementary regarding shopping search results and ads. June 27, 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google regarding its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;2.42 billion &#32;(approximately $2.74 billion &#32;as June 27, 2017) fine. September 11, 2017, appealed the decision and September 27, 2017, implemented product changes bring shopping ads into compliance with the EC's decision. recognized charge approximately $2.74 billion &#32;for the fine the second quarter 2017. The fine included accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets provided bank guarantees lieu cash payment for the fine. April 20, 2016, the issued regarding certain Android distribution practices. July 14, 2016, the issued regarding the syndication AdSense for Search. responded the SOs and continue respond the EC's informational requests. There significant uncertainty the outcomes these investigations; however, adverse decisions could result fines and directives alter terminate certain conduct. Given the nature these cases, are unable estimate the reasonably possible loss ranges loss, any. remain committed working with the resolve these matters. The Comision Nacional Defensa Competencia Argentina, the Competition Commission India (CCI), Brazil's Council for Economic Defense (CADE), and the Korean Fair Trade Commission have also opened investigations into certain our business practices. November 2016, responded the CCI Director General's report with interim findings competition law infringements regarding search and ads. Patent and Intellectual Property Claims have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Adverse results these lawsuits may include awards substantial monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements, orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services, and may also cause change our business practices, and require development non-infringing products technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become important forum litigate intellectual property disputes because ultimate loss for company its suppliers ITC action could result prohibition importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. important market, prohibition importation could have adverse effect us, including preventing from importing many important products into the U.S. necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features our products. Furthermore, many our agreements with our customers and partners require indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs result defending such claims, and may require that pay significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Our customers and partners may discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely impact our business. Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought copyright lawsuit against Google the Northern District California, alleging that Google's Android operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related certain Java application programming interfaces. After trial, final judgment was entered the district court favor Google June 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions favor Google. Oracle has appealed. believe this lawsuit without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Given the nature this case, are unable estimate the reasonably possible loss range loss, any, arising from this matter. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other are also regularly subject claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition (such the pending investigations described above), intellectual property, privacy, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result fines, civil criminal penalties, other adverse consequences. Certain our outstanding legal matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. evaluate developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both likelihood there being, and the estimated amount of, loss related such matters. With respect our outstanding legal matters, based our current knowledge, believe that the amount range reasonably possible loss will not, either individually the aggregate, have material adverse effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. However, the outcome such legal matters inherently unpredictable and subject significant uncertainties. expense legal fees the period which they are incurred. Non-Income Taxes are under audit various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards non-income tax matters. The subject matter non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes the tax treatment and tax rate applied the sale our products and services these jurisdictions and the tax treatment certain employee benefits. accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when loss probable and reasonably estimable. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the reasonably possible loss. believe these matters are without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Due the inherent complexity and uncertainty these matters and judicial process certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may materially different from our expectations. For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note Note 11. Stockholders&#8217; Equity &#32; Convertible Preferred Stock Our board directors has authorized 100 million &#32;shares convertible preferred stock, $0.001 &#32;par value, issuable series. December 31, &#32; 2016 &#32;and 2017 &#32;shares were issued outstanding. Class and Class Common Stock and Class Capital Stock Our board directors has authorized three &#32;classes stock, Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock. The rights the holders each class our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Each share Class common stock entitled one &#32;vote per share. Each share Class common stock entitled &#32;votes per share. Class capital stock has &#32;voting rights, except required applicable law. Shares Class common stock may converted any time the option the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale transfer Class common stock. Share Repurchases October 2015, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $5.1 billion &#32;of its Class capital stock, commencing the fourth quarter 2015. January 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional amount approximately 514,000 &#32;shares. The repurchases were executed, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through the use 10b5-1 plans. During 2016, repurchased and subsequently retired 5.2 million &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount $3.7 billion completed all authorized share repurchases under this repurchase program June 2016. October 2016, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $7.0 billion &#32;of its Class capital stock. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated Table Contents Alphabet Inc. transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. During 2017, repurchased and subsequently retired 5.2 million &#32;shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount $4.8 billion Note 12. Net Income Per Share compute net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock using the two-class method. Basic net income per share computed using the weighted-average number shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share computed using the weighted-average number shares and the effect potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect outstanding restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares reflected diluted earnings per share application the treasury stock method. The computation the diluted net income per share Class common stock assumes the conversion Class common stock, while the diluted net income per share Class common stock does not assume the conversion those shares. The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, the holders our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Furthermore, there are number safeguards built into our certificate incorporation, well Delaware law, which preclude our board directors from declaring paying unequal per share dividends our Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments our certificate incorporation which would have the effect adversely altering the rights, powers, preferences given class stock must approved the class stock adversely affected the proposed amendment. addition, our certificate incorporation provides that before any such amendment may put stockholder vote, must approved the unanimous consent our board directors. result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based the contractual participation rights the Class and Class common shares and Class capital stock the earnings for the year had been distributed. the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated proportionate basis. Furthermore, assume the conversion Class common stock the computation the diluted net income per share Class common stock, the undistributed earnings are equal net income for that computation. the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock because the holders each class are legally entitled equal per share dividends distributions liquidation accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation Alphabet Inc. the year ended December 31, 2015, the Class Adjustment Payment was allocated the numerator for calculating net income per share Class capital stock from net income available all stockholders and the remaining undistributed earnings were allocated pro rata basis Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock based the number shares used the per share computation for each class stock. The weighted-average share impact the Class Adjustment Payment included the denominator both basic and diluted net income per share computations for the year ended December 31, 2015. The following table sets forth the computation basic and diluted net income per share Class and Class common stock and Class capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands and per share amounts): Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2015 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Allocation undistributed earnings 6,695 1,196 7,935 Total 6,695 1,196 8,457 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 289,640 51,745 343,241 Basic net income per share 23.11 23.11 24.63 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Adjustment Payment Class capital stockholders 522 Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 6,695 1,196 7,935 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,196 Reallocation undistributed earnings (39 (14 Allocation undistributed earnings 7,852 1,182 7,974 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 289,640 51,745 343,241 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 51,745 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,395 5,909 Number shares used per share computation 343,780 51,745 349,150 Diluted net income per share 22.84 22.84 24.34 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2016 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings 8,332 1,384 9,762 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 294,217 48,859 344,702 Basic net income per share 28.32 28.32 28.32 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 8,332 1,384 9,762 Effect dilutive securities equity method investments and subsidiaries (10 Allocation undistributed earnings for diluted computation 8,323 1,382 9,752 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 1,382 Reallocation undistributed earnings (94 (21 Allocation undistributed earnings 9,611 1,361 9,846 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 294,217 48,859 344,702 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 48,859 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 2,055 8,873 Number shares used per share computation 345,131 48,859 353,575 Diluted net income per share 27.85 27.85 27.85 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2017 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings 5,438 862 6,362 Denominator Number shares used per share computation 297,604 47,146 348,151 Basic net income per share 18.27 18.27 18.27 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation 5,438 862 6,362 Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares 862 Reallocation undistributed earnings (74 (14 Allocation undistributed earnings 6,226 848 6,436 Denominator Number shares used basic computation 297,604 47,146 348,151 Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding 47,146 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares 1,192 9,491 Number shares used per share computation 345,942 47,146 357,642 Diluted net income per share 18.00 18.00 18.00 Note 13. Compensation Plans &#32; Stock Plans Under our 2012 Stock Plan, RSUs stock options may granted. RSU award agreement issue shares our publicly traded stock the time the award vests. Incentive and non-qualified stock options, rights purchase common stock, are generally granted for term &#32;years. RSUs granted participants under the 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over four &#32;years contingent upon employment service with the vesting date. December 31, 2017 there were 38,505,768 &#32;shares stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan. Stock-Based Compensation For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2015 2016 &#32;and 2017 total stock-based compensation expense was $5.3 billion $6.9 billion &#32;and $7.9 billion including amounts associated with awards expect settle Alphabet stock $5.2 billion $6.7 billion and $7.7 billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, recognized tax benefits total stock-based compensation expense, which are reflected the provision for income taxes the Consolidated Statements Income, $1.1 billion $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, &#32; 2015 2016 &#32;and 2017 tax benefit realized related awards vested exercised during the period was $1.5 billion $2.1 billion &#32;and $2.7 billion respectively. These amounts not include the indirect effects stock-based awards, which primarily relate the research and development tax credit. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock-Based Award Activities The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2017 Unvested Restricted Stock Units Number Shares Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value Unvested December 31, 2016 25,348,955 624.92 Granted 8,097,708 845.06 Vested (12,071,413 623.94 Forfeited/canceled (1,297,904 659.61 Unvested December 31, 2017 20,077,346 712.45 The weighted-average grant-date fair value RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, &#32; 2015 &#32;and 2016 was $546.46 &#32;and $713.89 respectively. Total fair value RSUs, their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, &#32; 2015 2016 and 2017 &#32;were $6.9 billion $9.0 billion and $11.3 billion respectively. December 31, 2017 there was $12.9 billion &#32;of unrecognized compensation cost related unvested employee RSUs. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period 2.4 years 401(k) Plans have two &#32;401(k) Savings Plans that qualify deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) the Internal Revenue Code. Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount the employees&#8217; contributions subject certain limitations. contributed approximately $309 million $385 million and $448 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively. Note 14. Income Taxes &#32; Income from continuing operations before income taxes included income from domestic operations $8.3 billion $12.0 billion and $10.7 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 and income from foreign operations $11.4 billion $12.1 billion and $16.5 billion &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 The provision for income taxes consists the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Current: Federal and state 2,838 3,826 12,608 Foreign 723 966 1,746 Total 3,561 4,792 14,354 Deferred: Federal and state (241 (70 220 Foreign (17 (50 (43 Total (258 (120 177 Provision for income taxes 3,303 4,672 14,531 The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) &#32;was enacted December 22, 2017 and introduces significant changes U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and creates new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively. addition, 2017 were subject one-time transition tax accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax. Due the timing the enactment and the complexity involved applying the provisions the Tax Act, have made reasonable estimates the effects and recorded provisional amounts our financial statements December 31, 2017. collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret the Tax Act and any additional guidance issued the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, may make adjustments the provisional amounts. Those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate the period which the adjustments are made. The accounting for the tax effects the Tax Act will completed 2018. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Provisional amounts for the following income tax effects the Tax Act have been recorded December 31, 2017 and are subject change during 2018. One-time transition tax The Tax Act requires pay U.S. income taxes accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax rate 15.5% &#32;to the extent foreign cash and certain other net current assets and &#32;on the remaining earnings. recorded provisional amount for our one-time transitional tax liability and income tax expense $10.2 billion have recorded provisional amounts based estimates the effects the Tax Act the analysis requires significant data from our foreign subsidiaries that not regularly collected analyzed. Deferred tax effects The Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% &#32;to 21% &#32;for years after 2017. Accordingly, have remeasured our deferred taxes December 31, 2017 reflect the reduced rate that will apply future periods when these deferred taxes are settled realized. recognized deferred tax benefit $376 million &#32;to reflect the reduced U.S. tax rate and other effects the Tax Act. Although the tax rate reduction known, have not collected the necessary data complete our analysis the effect the Tax Act the underlying deferred taxes and such, the amounts recorded December 31, 2017 are provisional. The net tax expense recognized 2017 related the Tax Act was $9.9 billion complete our analysis the Tax Act and incorporate additional guidance that may issued the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS other standard-setting bodies, may identify additional effects not reflected December 31, 2017. The reconciliation federal statutory income tax rate our effective income tax rate follows: Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 U.S. federal statutory tax rate 35.0 35.0 35.0 Foreign income taxed different rates (13.4 (11.0 (14.2 Impact the Tax Act One-time transition tax 0.0 0.0 37.6 Deferred tax effects 0.0 0.0 (1.4 Federal research credit (2.1 (2.0 (1.8 Stock-based compensation expense 0.3 (3.4 (4.5 European Commission Fine 0.0 0.0 3.5 Other adjustments (3.0 0.7 (0.8 Effective tax rate 16.8 19.3 53.4 Our effective tax rate for each the years presented was impacted earnings realized foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lower than the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all the income from foreign operations was earned Irish subsidiary. Beginning 2018, earnings realized foreign jurisdictions will subject U.S. tax accordance with the Tax Act. July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, opinion Altera Corp. Commissioner, invalidated the portion the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants cost sharing arrangement share stock-based compensation costs. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision December 28, 2015. The IRS served Notice Appeal February 22, 2016 and the case being heard the Ninth Circuit Court Appeals. this time, the U.S. Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement include stock-based compensation from its regulations. have evaluated the opinion and continue record tax benefit related reimbursement cost share payments for the previously shared stock-based compensation costs. accordance with the Tax Act, the Altera tax benefit was remeasured from 35% 21%. also remeasured the tax benefit expected realized upon settlement including the expected future new taxes enacted the Tax Act due upon resolution the matter. The tax liability recorded December 31, 2016 for the U.S. tax cost the potential repatriation associated with the contingent foreign earnings was reversed due the Tax Act introducing territorial tax system and providing 100% dividend received deduction certain qualified dividends from foreign subsidiaries. will continue monitor developments related the case and the potential impact our consolidated financial statements. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects temporary differences between the carrying amounts assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. recorded provisional adjustment our U.S. deferred income taxes December 31, 2017 reflect the reduction the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% &#32;to 21% &#32;resulting from the Tax Act. Significant components our deferred tax assets and liabilities are follows (in millions): December 31, 2016 2017 Deferred tax assets: Stock-based compensation expense 574 251 Accrued employee benefits 939 285 Accruals and reserves not currently deductible 500 717 Tax credits 631 1,187 Basis difference investment Arris 1,327 849 Prepaid cost sharing 4,409 498 Net Operating Losses 305 320 Other 621 379 Total deferred tax assets 9,306 4,486 Valuation allowance (2,076 (2,531 Total deferred tax assets net valuation allowance 7,230 1,955 Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization (877 (551 Identified intangibles (844 (419 Renewable energy investments (788 (531 Foreign earnings (4,409 (68 Other (155 (136 Total deferred tax liabilities (7,073 (1,705 Net deferred tax assets 157 250 December 31, 2017 our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $931 million &#32;and $785 million respectively. not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2018. more likely than not that certain federal net operating loss carryforwards and our state net operating loss carryforwards will not realized; therefore, have recorded valuation allowance against them. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject various annual limitations under the tax laws the different jurisdictions. Our foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were $327 million &#32;that will begin expire 2021. December 31, 2017 our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $1.8 billion &#32;that can carried over indefinitely. believe the state tax credit not likely realized. December 31, 2017 maintained valuation allowance with respect certain our deferred tax assets relating primarily investment losses that are capital nature, California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operating losses, and certain foreign net operating losses that believe are not likely realized. established deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis difference our investments Arris shares received from the sale the Motorola Home business Arris 2013. Since any future losses recognized upon the sale Arris shares will capital losses, valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset the extent such deferred tax asset not likely covered capital gains generated December 31, 2017. reassess the valuation allowance quarterly and future evidence allows for partial full release the valuation allowance, tax benefit will recorded accordingly. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes the activity related our gross unrecognized tax benefits from January 2015 &#32;to December 31, 2017 &#32;(in millions): 2015 2016 2017 Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits 3,294 4,167 5,393 Increases related prior year tax positions 224 899 685 Decreases related prior year tax positions (176 (157 (257 Decreases related settlement with tax authorities (27 (196 (1,875 Increases related current year tax positions 852 680 750 Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits 4,167 5,393 4,696 The total amount gross unrecognized tax benefits was $4.2 billion $5.4 billion and $4.7 billion &#32;as December 31, 2015 2016 and 2017 respectively, which, $3.6 billion $4.3 billion and $3.0 billion &#32;if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. The decrease gross unrecognized tax benefits 2017 was primarily result the resolution multi-year U.S. audit. December 31, 2016 &#32;and 2017 had accrued $493 million &#32;and $362 million &#32;in interest and penalties provision for income taxes, respectively. file income tax returns the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two &#32;major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS completed its examination through our 2012 tax years; all issues have been concluded except for one &#32;which currently under review the U.S. Tax Court. The IRS currently examining our 2013 through 2015 tax returns. have also received tax assessments multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. continue defend any and all such claims presented. Our 2016 tax year remains subject examination the IRS for U.S. federal tax purposes, and our 2011 through 2016 tax years remain subject examination the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits various other jurisdictions that are not material our financial statements. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations various taxing jurisdictions. believe that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome tax audits cannot predicted with certainty. any issues addressed our tax audits are resolved manner not consistent with management's expectations, could required adjust our provision for income taxes the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing resolution, settlement, closure audits not certain, reasonably possible that certain U.S. federal and non-U.S. tax audits may concluded within the next months, which could significantly increase decrease the balance our gross unrecognized tax benefits. estimate that our unrecognized tax benefits December 31, 2017 could possibly decrease approximately $500 million &#32;in the next months. Positions that may resolved include various U.S. and non-U.S. matters. Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas &#32; operate our business multiple operating segments. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed Other Bets. Our reported segments are: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main products such Ads, Android, Chrome, Commerce, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Hardware, Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure and some newer efforts like virtual reality are also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings. &#32; &#32; &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes businesses such Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo, and Revenues Table Contents Alphabet Inc. from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales internet and services through Fiber, sales Nest products and services, and licensing and R&D services through Verily. &#32; Revenues, cost revenues, and operating expenses are generally directly attributed our segments. Inter-segment revenues are not presented separately, these amounts are immaterial. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker does not evaluate operating segments using asset information. Information about segments during the periods presented were follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Revenues: Google 74,544 89,463 109,652 Other Bets 445 809 1,203 Total revenues 74,989 90,272 110,855 Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Operating income (loss): Google 23,319 27,892 32,908 Other Bets (3,456 (3,578 (3,355 Reconciling items (1) (503 (598 (3,407 Total income from operations 19,360 23,716 26,146 (1) Reconciling items are primarily comprised the European Commission fine for the year ended December 31, 2017, well corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments for all periods presented. Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Capital expenditures: Google 8,868 9,417 12,605 Other Bets 850 1,385 507 Reconciling items (2) 232 (590 Total capital expenditures presented the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows 9,950 10,212 13,184 (2) Reconciling items are related timing differences payments segment capital expenditures are accrual basis while total capital expenditures shown the Consolidated Statements Cash Flow are cash basis and other miscellaneous differences. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock-based compensation (SBC) and depreciation, amortization, and impairment are included segment operating income (loss) shown below (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 Stock-based compensation: Google 4,610 5,926 7,038 Other Bets 475 647 493 Reconciling items (3) 118 130 148 Total stock-based compensation (4) 5,203 6,703 7,679 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment: Google 4,839 5,800 6,520 Other Bets 203 340 395 Reconciling items (5) &#8212; Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment presented the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows 5,063 6,144 6,915 (3) Reconciling items represent corporate administrative costs that are not allocated individual segments. (4) For purposes segment reporting, SBC represents awards &#32; that expect settle Alphabet stock. (5) Reconciling items are primarily related corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments. The following table presents our long-lived assets geographic area (in millions): December 31, 2016 December 31, 2017 Long-lived assets: United States 47,383 55,113 International 14,706 17,874 Total long-lived assets 62,089 72,987 For revenues geography, see Note ITEM CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2017 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were changes our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2017 &#32;that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework &#32;issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2017 Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2017 &#32;has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8221; our Proxy Statement for 2018 &#32;Annual Meeting Stockholders filed with the SEC within 120 days the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 &#32;( 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement) and incorporated herein reference. The information required this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant Item 405 Regulation S-K will included under the caption &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; the 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Director Compensation,&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; the 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Common Stock Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#8221; and &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Director Independence&#8221; the 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; the 2018 &#32;Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) have filed the following documents part this Annual Report Form 10-K: Consolidated Financial Statements Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts The table below details the activity the allowance for doubtful accounts and sales credits for the three years ended December 31, 2017 (in millions): Balance Beginning Year Additions Usage Balance End Year Year ended December 31, 2015 225 579 (508 296 Year ended December 31, 2016 296 942 (771 467 Year ended December 31, 2017 467 1,131 (924 674 Note: Additions the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged expense. Additions the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, the required information otherwise included. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 2.01 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated October 2015, and among Google Inc., the Registrant and Maple Technologies Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.01 Specimen Class Common Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.02 Specimen Class Capital Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.03 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.04 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Larry Page and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 4.05 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.06 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Eric Schmidt and certain its affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.07 Class Undertaking, dated October 2015, executed the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.08 Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., Trustee Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209510) February 12, 2016 4.09 Registrant Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2015 Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209518) February 12, 2016 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 27, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) April 27, 2016 4.11 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.625% Notes due 2021 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.12 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.375% Notes due 2024 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.13 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 1.998% Note due 2026 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2016 10.01 Form Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant, its affiliates and its directors and officers Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.02 Compensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.03 Director Arrangements Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.04 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.05 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, amended Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) June 2011 10.05.1 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Stock Option Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.05.2 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.05.3 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Amendment Stock Option Agreements Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-142243) April 20, 2007 10.06 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 2017 10.06.1 Alphabet Inc. 2012 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Quarterly Report Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37580) November 2016 10.07 Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-181661) May 24, 2012 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 10.08 AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan and Sub-Plan the AdMob, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-167411) June 2010 10.09 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 10.09.1 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 12.01 Computation Earnings Fixed Charge Ratios 14.01 Code Conduct the Registrant amended September 21, 2017 21.01 Subsidiaries the Registrant 23.01 Consent Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.01 Power Attorney (incorporated reference the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K) 31.01 Certification Chief Executive Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.02 Certification Chief Financial Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.01 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 99.01 Google blog post dated June 27, 2017 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 27, 2017 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, arrangement. Filed herewith. &#8225; Furnished herewith. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 2018 &#32; ALPHABET INC. By: ARRY AGE Larry Page Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer the Registrant) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Larry Page and Ruth Porat, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the Registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Signature Title Date ARRY AGE Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2018 Larry Page UTH ORAT Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2018 Ruth Porat AMES AMPBELL Vice President, Corporate Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 2018 James Campbell /S/ ERGEY RIN President, Co-Founder, and Director February 2018 Sergey Brin /S/ OHN ENNESSY Director, Chair February 2018 John Hennessy /s/ RIC CHMIDT Director February 2018 Eric Schmidt OHN OERR Director February 2018 John Doerr OGER ERGUSON, Director February 2018 Roger Ferguson, Jr. IANE REENE Director February 2018 Diane Greene ATHER Director February 2018 Ann Mather LAN ULALLY Director February 2018 Alan Mulally /s/ UNDAR ICHAI Director February 2018 Sundar Pichai HRIRAM Director February 2018 Ram Shriram HIRLEY ILGHMAN Director February 2018 Shirley Tilghman