Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________________ FORM ___________________________________________ (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 15(d) THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 For the transition period from Commission file number: ___________________________________________ (Exact name registrant specified its charter) ___________________________________________ (State other jurisdiction incorporation organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(b) the Act: Title each class Trading Symbol(s) Name each exchange which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant Section 12(g) the Act: Title each class None ___________________________________________ Indicate check mark the registrant well-known seasoned issuer, defined Rule 405 the Securities Act. &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark the registrant not required file reports pursuant Section Section 15(d) the Act. Yes &#9744; &#9746; Indicate check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required filed Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934 during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required file such reports), and (2) has been subject such filing requirements for the past days. &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required submitted pursuant Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 this chapter) during the preceding months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit such files). &#9746; &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, emerging growth company. See the definitions &#8220;large accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer,&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company,&#8221; and "emerging growth company" Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act. &#9746; Accelerated filer &#9744; Non-accelerated filer &#9744; Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company emerging growth company, indicate check mark the registrant has elected not use the extended transition period for complying with any new revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant Section 13(a) the Exchange Act. &#9744; Indicate check mark whether the registrant shell company (as defined Rule 12b-2 the Exchange Act). Yes &#9746; June 28, 2019 the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices such shares the Nasdaq Global Select Market June 28, 2019 was approximately billion For purposes calculating the aggregate market value shares held non-affiliates, have assumed that all outstanding shares are held non-affiliates, except for shares held each our executive officers, directors and greater stockholders. the case greater stockholders, have not deemed such stockholders affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, unless they hold 10% more our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not deemed constitute admission that all executive officers, directors and greater stockholders are, fact, affiliates our company, that there are not other persons who may deemed affiliates our company. Further information concerning shareholdings our officers, directors and principal stockholders included incorporated reference Part III, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. January 27, 2020 there were shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, shares the registrant&#8217;s Class common stock outstanding, and shares the registrant&#8217;s Class capital stock outstanding. ___________________________________________ Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2019 TABLE CONTENTS Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements PART Item Business Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item Properties Item Legal Proceedings Item Mine Safety Disclosures PART Item Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities Item Selected Financial Data Item Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Item Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item Changes and Disagreements With Accountants Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Item 9B. Other Information PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Signatures Table Contents Alphabet Inc. NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: &#8226; the growth our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends our business; &#8226; the potential for declines our revenue growth rate and operating margin; &#8226; our expectation that the shift from offline online world will continue benefit our business; &#8226; our expectation that the portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues will continue increase and may affect our margins; &#8226; our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rates will fluctuate, which could affect our overall margins; &#8226; our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins; &#8226; fluctuations our revenue growth, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google properties and the change impressions and cost-per-impression Google Network Members&#8217; properties, and various factors contributing such fluctuations; &#8226; our expectation that will continue periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks Google properties and impressions Google Network Members&#8217; properties; &#8226; our expectation that our results will affected our performance international markets users developing economies increasingly come online; &#8226; our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; the expected variability gains and losses related hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; &#8226; the amount and timing revenue recognition for commitments customer contracts with performance obligations, which could impact our estimate the remaining amount commitments and when expect recognize revenue; &#8226; fluctuations our capital expenditures; &#8226; our plans continue invest new businesses, products, services and technologies, systems, land and buildings for data centers and offices, and infrastructure, continue hire aggressively and provide competitive compensation programs, well continue invest acquisitions; &#8226; our expectation that our cost revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses will increase amount and may increase percentage revenues may affected number factors; &#8226; estimates our future compensation expenses; &#8226; our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI&E), will fluctuate the future, largely driven market dynamics; &#8226; fluctuations our effective tax rate; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions, which are likely cause fluctuations our quarterly results; &#8226; the sufficiency our sources funding; &#8226; our potential exposure connection with pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies; &#8226; the sufficiency and timing our proposed remedies response the European Commission's (EC) and others' decisions; &#8226; our expectations regarding the timing, design and implementation our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; the expected timing and amount Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases; &#8226; our long-term sustainability goals; well other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Item "Business," Item "Risk Factors," and Item "Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can identified words such "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "may," "could," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based current expectations and assumptions that are subject risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results differ materially from those reflected the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause contribute such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed this Annual Report Form 10-K, and particular, the risks discussed Item 1A, "Risk Factors" this report and those discussed other documents file with the SEC. undertake obligation revise publicly release the results any revision these forward-looking statements, except required law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not place undue reliance such forward-looking statements. used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks ours appearing this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks other companies. not intend our use display other companies' trade names trademarks imply endorsement sponsorship such companies, any relationship with any these companies. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM BUSINESS Overview our founders Larry and Sergey wrote the original founders' letter, "Google not conventional company. not intend become one." That unconventional spirit has been driving force throughout our history &#8212; inspiring things like tackling deep computer science problems, such our investments artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing. Alphabet collection businesses &#8212; the largest which Google. report all non-Google businesses collectively Other Bets. Our Other Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afield from our core Google business. take long term view and manage the portfolio Other Bets with the discipline and rigor needed deliver long-term returns. Each our businesses are designed prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and technology for everyone The Internet one the world&#8217;s most powerful equalizers, capable propelling new ideas and people forward. Today, our mission organize the world&#8217;s information and make universally accessible and useful relevant was when were founded 1998. Since then, we&#8217;ve evolved from company that helps people find answers company that helps you get things done. We&#8217;re focused building even more helpful Google for everyone. aspire give everyone the tools they need increase their knowledge, health, happiness, and success. Across Google, we're focused continually innovating areas where technology can have impact people&#8217;s lives. Our work helping produce earlier and more precise flood warnings. We&#8217;re also working hard make sure that our products are accessible the more than one billion individuals around the world with disability. For example, Android has automatic Live Captions for videos, podcasts and voicemails make easier consume information the phone. Our Other Bets are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, part our efforts the Metro Phoenix area, Waymo working toward our goal making transportation safer and easier for everyone while Verily developing tools and platforms improve health outcomes. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads irrelevance over time, especially technology, where change tends revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought were crazy when acquired YouTube and Android and when launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and safer, popular browser. continue look toward the future and continue invest for the long-term. said the original founders' letter, will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that believe because they are the key our long-term success. The power machine learning Across the company, machine learning and are increasingly driving many our latest innovations. Within Google, our investments machine learning over decade have enabled build products that are smarter and more helpful. For example, our investments are enabling doctors detect cancer earlier. Machine learning powers the Google Assistant and many our newer technologies. Google Serving our users have always been company committed building products that have the potential improve the lives millions people. Our product innovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one the most recognized the world. Google's core products and platforms, such Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube each have over one billion monthly active users. the majority Alphabet&#8217;s big bets continue reside within Google, important benefit the shift Alphabet has been the tremendous focus that we&#8217;re able have Google&#8217;s many extraordinary opportunities. Our products have come long way since the company was founded more than two decades ago. Instead just showing ten blue links our search results, are increasingly able provide direct answers &#8212; even you're speaking your question using Voice Search &#8212; which makes quicker, easier and more natural find what you're looking for. With Google Lens, you can use your phone&#8217;s camera identify unfamiliar landmark find trailer Table Contents Alphabet Inc. from movie poster. Over time, have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily &#8212; like Google Maps, which helps you navigate store while showing you current traffic conditions, Google Photos, which helps you store and organize your photos. This drive make information more accessible and helpful has led over the years improve the discovery and creation digital content, the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration mobile, people are consuming more digital content watching more videos, playing more games, listening more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before. Working with content creators and partners, continue build new ways for people around the world find great digital content. Fueling all these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That&#8217;s why continue invest platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, and Daydream virtual reality platform, well growing our family great hardware devices. see tremendous potential for devices helpful, make your life easier, and get better over time, combining the best Google's AI, software, and hardware. This reflected our latest generation hardware products like Pixel phones and the Google Nest Hub smart display. Creating beautiful products that people rely every day journey that are investing for the long run. Key building helpful products for users our commitment keeping their data safe online. the Internet evolves, continue invest our industry-leading security technologies and privacy tools, such the addition auto-delete controls enable users automatically delete activity after months and incognito mode YouTube and Maps. Google was company built the cloud. continue invest infrastructure, security, data management, analytics and AI. see significant opportunity helping businesses enhance these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments and machine learning tools provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Suite. Google Cloud Platform enables developers build, test, and deploy applications Google&#8217;s highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Our Suite productivity tools &#8212; which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, and more &#8212; are designed with real-time collaboration and machine intelligence help people work smarter. Because more and more today&#8217;s great digital experiences are being built the cloud, our Google Cloud products help businesses all sizes take advantage the latest technology advances operate more efficiently. How make money The goal our advertising products deliver relevant ads just the right time and give people useful commercial information, regardless the device they&#8217;re using. also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns. Our advertising solutions help millions companies grow their businesses, and offer wide range products across devices and formats. generate revenues primarily delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising. &#8226; Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading direct engagement with advertisers. Most our performance advertisers pay when user engages their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers create simple text-based ads that appear Google properties and the properties Google Network Members. addition, Google Network Members use our platforms display relevant ads their properties, generating revenues when site visitors view click the ads. continue invest our advertising programs and make significant upgrades. &#8226; Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types ads specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns. have built world-class technology platform for advertisers, agencies, and publishers power their digital marketing businesses. aim ensure great user experiences serving the right ads the right time and building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. also seek improve the measurability advertising advertisers know when their campaigns are effective. have allocated substantial resources stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users the web. focus creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers many ways, ranging from filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions bad ads from our systems every year closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blacklisting them when necessary ensure that ads not fund bad content. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. continue look the future and are making long-term investments that will grow revenues beyond advertising, including Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, and YouTube. are also investing research efforts and quantum computing foster innovation across our businesses and create new opportunities Other Bets Throughout Alphabet, are also using technology try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet&#8217;s investment our portfolio Other Bets include emerging businesses various stages development, ranging from those the research and development phase those that are the beginning stages commercialization, and our goal for them become thriving, successful businesses the medium long term. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some them are already generating revenue and making important strides their industries. Revenues are primarily generated from internet and services, well licensing and R&D services. Other Bets operate independent companies and some them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. are investing our portfolio Other Bets and being very deliberate about the focus, scale, and pace investments. Competition Our business characterized rapid change well new and disruptive technologies. face formidable competition every aspect our business, particularly from companies that seek connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. face competition from: &#8226; General purpose search engines and information services, such Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, and Yandex. &#8226; Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries), Microsoft's LinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly such content, websites, and apps rather than through Google. &#8226; Social networks, such Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely social networks for product service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines. &#8226; Other forms advertising, such billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise multiple media, both online and offline. &#8226; Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers that use Google Ads, our primary auction-based advertising platform. &#8226; Providers digital video services, such Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Disney, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and TikTok. businesses that are further afield from our advertising business, compete with companies that have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users. face competition from: &#8226; Other digital content and application platform providers, such Amazon and Apple. &#8226; Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms. &#8226; Providers enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft. &#8226; Digital assistant providers, such Amazon and Apple. Competing successfully depends heavily our ability deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies the marketplace across our businesses. Specifically, for advertising, competing successfully depends attracting and retaining: &#8226; Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely the basis the relevance our advertising, well the general usefulness, security and availability our products and services. &#8226; Advertisers, primarily based our ability generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and deliver their advertisements efficient and effective manner across variety distribution channels. &#8226; Content providers, primarily based the quality our advertiser base, our ability help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms our agreements with them. Intellectual Property Table Contents Alphabet Inc. rely various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions protect our proprietary technology and our brand. have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. have also filed patent applications the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain our technology, and acquired patent assets supplement our portfolio. have licensed the past, and expect that may license the future, certain our rights other parties. Culture and Employees take great pride our culture. embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration ideas address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central how work, and aim ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels. Despite our rapid growth, still cherish our roots startup and wherever possible empower employees act great ideas regardless their role function within the company. strive hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives diverse those our global users. work provide environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some the biggest challenges technology and society. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue investing hiring talented employees and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. December 31, 2019 had 118,899 full-time employees. Although have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented labor union. Competition for qualified personnel our industry intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. Ongoing Commitment Sustainability strive build sustainability into everything from designing and operating efficient data centers, advancing carbon-free energy, creating sustainable workplaces, building better devices and services, empowering users with technology, and enabling responsible supply chain. Google has been carbon neutral since 2007 and are the largest corporate purchaser renewable energy the world. 2018, for the second consecutive year, matched 100% our electricity consumption with renewable energy purchases, reported our 2019 Environmental Report. Some other 2019 highlights and achievements include: &#8226; made our largest corporate purchase renewable energy: new energy deals totaling 1,600 megawatts, which anticipated spur the construction more than billion new energy infrastructure. &#8226; 100% Nest products launched 2019 include recycled plastic content and launched carbon neutral shipping for Google&#8217;s direct customers who buy product Google Shopping purchase Made Google hardware. &#8226; The Environmental Insights Explorer enabling municipalities &#8212; which represent more than 70% global greenhouse gas emissions according the 2016 United Nations Habitat World Cities Report &#8212; estimate emissions and develop climate action plans. 2019, expanded this tool more than 100 cities worldwide. believe that climate change one the most significant global challenges our time. 2017, developed climate resilience strategy, which included conducting climate scenario analysis. have been CDP&#8217;s (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate Change list for five consecutive years. believe our CDP report reflects the recommendations the Task Force Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). More information Google's approach sustainability can found our annual sustainability reports. The content our sustainability reports are not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC. Seasonality Our business affected seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Available Information Our website located www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website located www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q, Current Reports Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments these reports, are available through our investor relations website, free charge, after file them with the SEC. also provide link the section the SEC's website www.sec.gov that has all the reports that file furnish with the SEC. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events participate host with members the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications news announcements regarding our financial performance and other items interest our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. also share Google news and product updates Google's Keyword blog which may interest material our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code conduct, also available our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content our websites are not incorporated reference into this Annual Report Form 10-K any other report document file with the SEC, and any references our websites are intended inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Risks Specific our Company generate significant portion our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending advertisers, loss partners, new and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability customize ads could harm our business. generated over 83% total revenues from the display ads online 2019. Many our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with any time. These partners may not continue business with not create more value (such increased numbers users customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes our advertising policies and data privacy practices, well changes other companies&#8217; advertising policies practices may affect the advertising that are able provide, which could harm our business. addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult that block the display ads altogether and some providers online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality third-party digital advertising. Failing provide superior value deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. addition, expenditures advertisers tend cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have material negative effect the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers reduce the amounts they spend advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. face intense competition. not continue innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, may not remain competitive, which could harm our business and operating results. Our business environment rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions rival products and services. compete successfully, must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies timely manner. our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure innovate will encompass wider range products and services. must continue invest significant resources research and development, including through acquisitions, order enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. have many competitors different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories various sectors. They can use their experience and resources ways that could affect our competitive position, including making acquisitions, continuing invest heavily research and development and talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether not meritorious), and continuing compete aggressively for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Our competitors may able innovate and provide products and services faster than can may foresee the need for products and services before us. For example, are investing significantly subscription-based products and services such YouTube, which face intense competition from large experienced companies with well established relationships with users. Our operating results may also suffer our products and services are not responsive the needs our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. technologies continue develop, our competitors may able offer experiences that are, that are seen be, substantially similar better than ours. This may force compete different ways and expend significant resources order remain competitive. our competitors Table Contents Alphabet Inc. are more successful than are developing compelling products attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, our operating results could harmed. Our ongoing investment new businesses, products, services, and technologies inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations and harm our financial condition and operating results. have invested and expect continue invest new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The investments that are making across Google and Other Bets reflect our ongoing efforts innovate and provide products and services that are useful users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments Google and Other Bets span wide range industries beyond online advertising. Such investments ultimately may not commercially viable may not result adequate return capital and, pursuing new strategies, may incur unanticipated liabilities. These endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion management resources and, with respect Other Bets, the use alternative investment, governance, compensation structures that may fail adequately align incentives across the company otherwise accomplish their objectives. Within Google, continue invest heavily hardware, including our smartphones and home devices, which highly competitive market with frequent introduction new products and services, rapid adoption technological advancements competitors, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement product price and performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity the part consumers and businesses. There can assurance will able provide hardware that competes effectively. are also devoting significant resources develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Suite. are incurring costs build and maintain infrastructure support cloud computing services and hire talent, particularly support and scale the Cloud salesforce. the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services. Pricing and delivery models are competitive and evolving, and may not attain sufficient scale and profitability achieve our business objectives. Within Other Bets, are investing significantly the areas health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large experienced and well-funded competitors and our offerings may not able compete effectively operate sufficient levels profitability. addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use artificial intelligence and machine learning, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all these new ventures are inherently risky, assurance can given that such strategies and offerings will successful and will not harm our reputation, financial condition and operating results. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and anticipate downward pressure our operating margin the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time result number factors, including increasing competition and the continued expansion our business into variety new fields. Changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix and increasing competition for advertising may also affect our advertising revenue growth rate. may also experience decline our revenue growth rate our revenues increase higher levels, there decrease the rate adoption our products, services, and technologies, due deceleration decline demand for devices used access our services, among other factors. addition decline our revenue growth rate, may also experience downward pressure our operating margin resulting from variety factors, such the continued expansion our business into new fields, including products and services such hardware, Google Cloud, Google Play, gaming, and subscription products, well significant investments Other Bets, all which may have margins lower than those generate from advertising. may also experience downward pressure our operating margins from increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects our business, including within advertising where changes such device mix, property mix, and partner agreements can affect margin. The margin earn revenues generated from our Google Network Members could also decrease the future pay larger percentage advertising fees them. may also pay increased TAC our distribution partners well increased content acquisition costs content providers. may also face increase infrastructure costs, supporting businesses such Search, Google Cloud, and YouTube. Additionally, our spend promote new products and services distribute certain products and services increased investment our innovation efforts across Google and our Other Bets businesses may affect our operating margins. Due these factors and the evolving nature our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not indicative our future performance. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability protect them could reduce the value our products, services and brand well affect our ability compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside our control pose threat our intellectual property rights, well our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not available every country which our products and services are distributed made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts have taken protect our proprietary rights may not sufficient effective. Although seek obtain patent protection for our innovations, possible may not able protect some these innovations. Moreover, may not have adequate patent copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out important. Furthermore, there always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope the protection gained will insufficient that issued patent may deemed invalid unenforceable. also seek maintain certain intellectual property trade secrets. The secrecy such trade secrets and other sensitive information could compromised, which could cause lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become commonly used that becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; Some courts have ruled that "Google" protectable trademark, but possible that other courts, particularly those outside the United States, may reach different determination. this happens, could lose protection for this trademark, which could result other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; refer their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Any significant impairment our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights costly and time consuming. Any increase the unauthorized use our intellectual property could make more expensive business and harm our operating results. Our business depends strong brands, and failing maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability expand our base users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed the success our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google and Other Bets increases our ability enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands may negatively affected number factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, and product technical performance failures. For example, fail appropriately respond the sharing misinformation objectionable content our services objectionable practices advertisers, otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence our brands. Our brands may also negatively affected the use our products services disseminate information that deemed false misleading. Furthermore, failure maintain and enhance equity our brands may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our success will depend largely our ability remain technology leader and continue provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play valuable role range settings. face number manufacturing and supply chain risks that, not properly managed, could harm our financial condition, operating results, and prospects. face number risks related manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability supply both our products and our internet-based services. rely other companies manufacture many our assemblies and finished products, design certain our components and parts, and participate the distribution our products and services. Our business could negatively affected are not able engage these companies with the necessary capabilities capacity reasonable terms, those engage fail meet their obligations (whether due financial difficulties other reasons), make adverse changes the pricing other material terms our arrangements with them. may experience supply shortages and price increases driven raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), and significant changes the financial business condition our suppliers. may experience shortages other supply chain disruptions that could negatively affect our operations. addition, some the components use our technical infrastructure and products are available only from single source limited sources, and may not able find replacement vendors favorable terms the event supply chain disruption. addition, significant hardware supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades expansions. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. may enter into long term contracts for materials and products that commit significant terms and conditions. may liable for materials and products that are not consumed due market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. For instance, because many our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing minimum purchase requirements, the volume our hardware sales decreases does not reach projected targets, could face increased materials and manufacturing costs other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit manufacture and negatively affect our financial results. Furthermore, certain our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. Our products and services may have quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, operations. Sometimes, these issues may caused components purchase from other manufacturers suppliers. the quality our products and services does not meet expectations our products services are defective, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. require our suppliers and business partners comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies, such the Google Supplier Code Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but not control them their practices. Violations law unethical business practices could result supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm key relationships, and damage our reputation. Their failure procure necessary license rights intellectual property, could affect our ability sell our products services and expose litigation financial claims. Interruption, interference with, failure our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. addition, complications with the design implementation our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could harm our business and operations. The availability our products and services and fulfillment our customer contracts depend the continuing operation our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable damage, interference, interruption from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the effects climate change (such sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial service attacks, phishing schemes, other attempts harm access our systems. Some our data centers are located areas with high risk major earthquakes other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts vandalism, and, some cases, potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced facility operators. Some our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence natural disaster, closure facility, other unanticipated problems our data centers could result lengthy interruptions our service. addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors vulnerabilities, which could result interruptions failure our services systems. addition, rely extensively information systems and technology manage our business and summarize operating results. are the process multi-year implementation new ERP system, which will replace much our existing core financial systems. The ERP system designed accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow financial information, improve data management, and provide timely information our management team. may not able successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing delays, increased costs, and other difficulties. Failure successfully design and implement the new ERP system planned could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, not effectively implement the ERP system planned the ERP system does not operate intended, the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting could negatively affected. Our international operations expose additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations are significant our revenues and net income, and plan continue grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 54% our consolidated revenues 2019. addition risks described elsewhere this section, our international operations expose other risks, including the following: &#8226; Restrictions foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent from repatriating cash earned countries outside the U.S. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent from offering products providing services particular market, that could limit our ability source assemblies and finished products from particular market, and may increase our operating costs. &#8226; Longer payment cycles some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels payment fraud. &#8226; Evolving foreign events, including Brexit, the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union (EU). Brexit may adversely affect our revenues and could subject new regulatory costs and challenges (including the transfer personal data between the and the United Kingdom), addition other adverse effects that are unable effectively anticipate. &#8226; Anti-corruption laws, such the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments government officials, violations which could result civil and criminal penalties. &#8226; Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty result local laws and lack legal precedent. &#8226; Different employee/employer relationships, existence works councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused distance, language, and cultural differences, making harder business certain jurisdictions. Because conduct business currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results U.S. dollars, face exposure fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates. Although hedge portion our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results. Risks Related our Industry People access the Internet through variety platforms and devices that continue evolve with the advancement technology and user preferences. manufacturers and users not widely adopt versions our products and services developed for these new interfaces, our business could harmed. People access the Internet through growing variety devices such desktop computers, mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and services may less popular these new interfaces. Each manufacturer distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not available these devices result. Some manufacturers may also elect not include our products their devices. addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps, social media other platforms, which could harm our business. hard predict the challenges may encounter adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. expect continue devote significant resources creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing attract and retain substantial number new device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, failing develop products and technologies that work well new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability capture future business opportunities. Data privacy and security concerns relating our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users customers from using our products and services. Software bugs defects, security breaches, and attacks our systems could result the improper disclosure and use user data and interference with our users and customers&#8217; ability use our products and services, harming our business operations and reputation. Concerns about our practices with regard the collection, use, disclosure, security personal information other data-privacy-related matters, even unfounded, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time expectations regarding privacy and data change. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission proprietary information, and bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities our products and services, and security breaches expose risk loss this information, improper use and disclosure such information, litigation, and other potential liability. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure comply with our privacy policies, and/or inadvertent disclosure user data could result government and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability attract and retain users customers. expect continue expend significant resources maintain security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse, security vulnerabilities breaches. experience cyber attacks and other attempts gain unauthorized access our systems regular basis. may experience future security issues, whether due employee error malfeasance system errors Table Contents Alphabet Inc. vulnerabilities our other parties&#8217; systems, which could result significant legal and financial exposure. Government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and adverse press coverage could harm our business. may unable anticipate detect attacks vulnerabilities implement adequate preventative measures. Attacks and security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information, harming our business. While have dedicated significant resources privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incident response teams, our response process may not adequate, may fail accurately assess the severity incident, may not respond quickly enough, may fail sufficiently remediate incident. result, may suffer significant legal, reputational, financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our ongoing investments safety, security, and content review will likely continue identify abuse our platforms and misuse user data. addition our efforts mitigate cyber attacks, are making significant investments safety, security, and content review efforts combat misuse our services and unauthorized access user data third parties, including investigations and review platform applications that could access the information users our services. result these efforts, could discover incidents unnecessary access misuse user data other undesirable activity third parties. may not discover all such incidents activity, whether result our data limitations, including our lack visibility over our encrypted services, the scale activity our platform, other factors, and may notified such incidents activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use user data our systems manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts policies, the existence false undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper purchases, activities that threaten people&#8217;s safety on- offline, instances spamming, scraping, spreading disinformation. may also unsuccessful our efforts enforce our policies otherwise remediate any such incidents. Any the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require change our business practices manner adverse our business, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result monetary penalties and damages, divert management&#8217;s time and attention, and lead enhanced regulatory oversight. Problematic content, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations our guidelines could affect the quality our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. We, like others the industry, face violations our content guidelines, including sophisticated attempts bad actors manipulate our hosting and advertising systems fraudulently generate revenues, otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest intent. While invest significantly efforts promote high-quality and relevant results and detect and prevent low-quality content and invalid traffic, may unable adequately detect and prevent such abuses. Many websites violate attempt violate our guidelines, including seeking inappropriately rank higher search results than our search engine's assessment their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts (known &#8220;web spam&#8221;) may affect the quality content our platforms and lead them display false, misleading undesirable content. Although English-language web spam our search results has been reduced, and web spam most other languages limited, expect web spammers will continue seek inappropriate ways improve their rankings. continuously combat web spam our search results, including through indexing technology that makes harder for spam-like, less useful web content rank highly. also continue invest and deploy proprietary technology detect and prevent web spam from abusing our platforms. also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities low-quality content help them improve their search rankings. are continually launching algorithmic changes focused low-quality websites. fail detect and prevent increase problematic content, could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information reduce use our platforms, harming our financial condition operating results. may also subject litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result monetary penalties and damages, divert management&#8217;s time and attention, and lead enhanced regulatory oversight. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our business depends continued and unimpeded access the Internet and our users. Internet access providers may able restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services, which could lead additional expenses and the loss users and advertisers. Our products and services depend the ability our users access the Internet, and certain our products require significant bandwidth work effectively. Currently, this access provided companies that have significant market power the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some these providers have taken, have stated that they may take measures that could degrade, disrupt, increase the cost user access certain our products restricting prohibiting the use their infrastructure support facilitate our offerings, charging increased fees our users provide our offerings. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms discrimination internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists the United States and elsewhere regarding such protections. For example, 2018 the United States Federal Communications Commission repealed net neutrality rules, which could lead internet access providers restrict, block, degrade, charge for access certain our products and services. addition, some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject government-initiated restrictions blockages. Such interference could result loss existing users, customers and advertisers, goodwill, and increased costs, and could impair our ability attract new users, customers and advertisers, thereby harming our business. Risks Related Laws and Regulations are subject increasing regulatory scrutiny well changes public policies governing wide range topics that may negatively affect our business. and other companies the technology industry are experiencing increased regulatory scrutiny. For instance, various regulatory agencies, including competition, consumer protection, and privacy authorities, are reviewing aspects our products and services. continue cooperate with these investigations. Prior, existing, and new investigations have the past and may the future result substantial fines and penalties, changes our products and services, alterations our business operations, and civil litigation, all which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Changes international and local social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions laws and policies governing wide range topics may increase our cost doing business, limit our ability pursue certain business models offer certain products services, and cause change our business practices. Further, our investment variety new fields, including the health industry and payment services, also raises number new regulatory issues. These factors could harm our business and operating results material ways. variety new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business. are subject numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering wide variety subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations applications existing laws and regulations manner inconsistent with our practices) may make our products and services less useful, limit our ability pursue certain business models offer certain products and services, require incur substantial costs, expose unanticipated civil criminal liability, cause change our business practices. These laws and regulations are evolving and involve matters central our business, including, among others: &#8226; Competition laws and regulations around the world. &#8226; Privacy laws, such the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 that came into effect January 2020, which gives new data privacy rights California residents, and SB-327 California, which regulates the security data connection with internet connected devices. &#8226; Data protection laws passed many states within the U.S. and certain countries regarding notification data subjects and/or regulators when there security breach personal data. &#8226; Copyright laws, such the Directive Copyright the Digital Single Market (EUCD) April 17, 2019, which increases the liability content-sharing services with respect content uploaded their users. has also created new property right news publications that will limit the ability some online services interact with present such content. Each Member State must implement the EUCD June 2021. addition, there are new constraining licensing regimes that limit our ability operate with respect copyright protected works. &#8226; Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types data collected particular country stored and/or processed within that country. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution certain materials children and regulate the ability online services collect information from minors. &#8226; Various laws with regard content removal and disclosure obligations, such the Network Enforcement Act Germany, which may affect our businesses and operations and may subject significant fines such laws are interpreted and applied manner inconsistent with our practices when may not proactively discover such content due the scale third-party content and the limitations existing technologies. Other countries, including Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom, have implemented are considering similar legislation imposing penalties for failure remove certain types content. addition, the applicability and scope these laws, interpreted the courts, remain uncertain and could harm our business. For example: &#8226; rely statutory safe harbors, set forth the Digital Millennium Copyright Act the United States and the E-Commerce Directive Europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation court rulings affecting these safe harbors may adversely affect us. &#8226; Court decisions such the judgment the Court Justice the European Union (CJEU) May 13, 2014 the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; which allows individuals demand that Google remove search results about them certain instances, may limit the content can show our users and impose significant operational burdens. &#8226; Court decisions that require Google remove links not just the jurisdiction the issuing court, but for all versions the search engine worldwide, including locations where the content issue lawful, may limit the content can show our users and impose significant operational burdens. The Supreme Court Canada issued such decision against Google June 2017, and others could treat its decision persuasive. With respect the &#8216;right forgotten,&#8217; follow-up case the CJEU September 24, 2019 ruled that search engine operator not required remove links from all versions the search engine worldwide, but the court also noted some cases, removal links from all versions the search engine available from the (including non-EU specific versions) may required. The introduction new businesses, products, services, and technologies, our activities certain jurisdictions, other actions take may subject additional laws and regulations. The costs compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely increase the future. Any failure our part comply with laws and regulations can result negative publicity and diversion management time and effort and may subject significant liabilities and other penalties. are subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. are subject claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due our manufacturing and sale expanded suite products, including hardware well Google Cloud offerings, may also subject variety claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumer protection claims related product defects, among other litigation. may also subject claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental impacts, service disruptions failures. Any these types legal proceedings can have adverse effect because legal costs, diversion management resources, negative publicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. The resolution one more such proceedings has resulted in, and may the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties, injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. may subject legal liability associated with providing online services content. Our products and services let users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage various online activities. also place advertisements displayed other companies&#8217; websites, and offer third-party products, services, and/or content. The law relating the liability online service providers for others&#8217; activities their services still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been brought against for defamation, negligence, breaches contract, copyright and trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, torts, fraud, other legal theories based the nature and content information available via our services. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. may subject claims virtue our involvement hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, providing access content created third parties. Defense any such actions could costly and involve significant time and attention our management and other resources, may result monetary liabilities penalties, and may require change our business adverse manner. Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Adverse interpretations these laws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering number legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection and limits encryption user data. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, regulation could result fines and orders requiring that change our data practices, which could have adverse effect our ability provide services, harming our business operations. Complying with these evolving laws could result substantial costs and harm the quality our products and services, negatively affecting our business. Recent legal developments Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding transfers personal data from Europe the United States. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies all our activities conducted from establishment the related products and services that offer users customers, the monitoring their behavior the EU. The GDPR creates range new compliance obligations. Ensuring compliance with the GDPR ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs, and despite our efforts, governmental authorities others have asserted and may continue assert that our business practices fail comply with its requirements. our operations are found violate GDPR requirements, may incur substantial fines, have change our business practices, and face reputational harm, any which could have material adverse effect our business. particular, serious breaches the GDPR can result administrative fines annual worldwide revenues. Fines annual worldwide revenues can levied for other specified violations. The EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks allow U.S. companies that self-certify the U.S. Department Commerce and publicly commit comply with specified requirements import personal data from the and Switzerland. However, these frameworks face number legal challenges and their validity remains subject legal, regulatory, and political developments both Europe and the U.S. The potential invalidation data transfer mechanisms could have significant adverse impact our ability process and transfer personal data outside the EEA. These developments create some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause incur costs harm the operations our products and services ways that harm our business. face, and may continue face intellectual property and other claims that could costly defend, result significant damage awards other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability use certain technologies the future. We, like other internet, technology and media companies, hold large numbers patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and are frequently subject litigation based allegations infringement other violations intellectual property rights. addition, patent-holding companies may frequently seek generate income from patents they have obtained bringing claims against us. have grown, the number intellectual property claims against has increased and may continue increase develop new products, services, and technologies. have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against claiming that certain our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights others. Other parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against filing claims U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders, which could limit our ability sell our products services the U.S. elsewhere our products services those our customers suppliers are found infringe the intellectual property subject the claims. Adverse results any these lawsuits may include awards monetary damages, costly royalty licensing agreements (if licenses are available all), orders preventing from offering certain features, functionalities, products, services. They may also cause change our business practices and require development non-infringing products, services, technologies, which could result loss revenues for and otherwise harm our business. Many our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require defend against certain intellectual property infringement claims and some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result increased costs for defending such claims significant damages there were adverse ruling any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use our products, services, and technologies, result injunctions otherwise, which could result loss revenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered and our customers arising from intellectual property Table Contents Alphabet Inc. infringement claims. Furthermore, connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims. Regardless their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive litigate settle. the extent such claims are successful, they may harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, operating results. Risks Related Ownership our Stock cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will fully consummated that any share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility the price our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. January 2018, January 2019, and July 2019, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase $8.6 billion $12.5 billion and $25.0 billion its Class capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant the January 2018 and January 2019 authorizations were completed 2019. December 31, 2019, $20.8 billion remains available for repurchase. Our repurchase program does not have expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet repurchase any specific dollar amount acquire any specific number shares. Our share repurchase program could affect the price our stock and increase volatility and may suspended terminated any time, which may result decrease the trading price our stock. The concentration our stock ownership limits our stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters. Our Class common stock has votes per share, our Class common stock has one vote per share, and our Class capital stock has voting rights. December 31, 2019, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 84.3% our outstanding Class common stock, which represented approximately 51.2% the voting power our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership, Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets, for the foreseeable future. addition, because our Class capital stock carries voting rights (except required applicable law), the issuance the Class capital stock, including future stock-based acquisition transactions and fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey&#8217;s current relative voting power and their ability elect all our directors and determine the outcome most matters submitted vote our stockholders. This concentrated control limits severely restricts other stockholders&#8217; ability influence corporate matters and may take actions that some our stockholders not view beneficial, which could reduce the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock. Provisions our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions Alphabet&#8217;s certificate incorporation and bylaws may have the effect delaying preventing change control changes our management. These provisions include the following: &#8226; Our certificate incorporation provides for tri-class capital stock structure. result this structure, Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election directors and significant corporate transactions, such merger other sale our company our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, other change control transaction that other stockholders may view beneficial. noted above, the issuance the Class capital stock could have the effect continuing the influence Larry and Sergey. &#8226; Our board directors has the right elect directors fill vacancy created the expansion the board directors the resignation, death, removal director, which prevents stockholders from being able fill vacancies our board directors. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act written consent. result, holder, holders, controlling majority our capital stock would not able take certain actions without holding stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate incorporation prohibits cumulative voting the election directors. This limits the ability minority stockholders elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice nominate individuals for election the board directors propose matters that can acted upon stockholders&#8217; meeting. These provisions may discourage deter potential acquirer from conducting solicitation proxies elect the acquirer's own slate directors otherwise attempting obtain control our company. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Our board directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares undesignated preferred stock. The ability issue undesignated preferred stock makes possible for our board directors issue preferred stock with voting other rights preferences that could impede the success any attempt acquire us. Delaware corporation, are also subject certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, corporation may not engage business combination with any holder 15% more its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board directors has approved the transaction. Our board directors could rely Delaware law prevent delay acquisition us. General Risks Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult predict and could cause our results fall short expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate result number factors, many outside our control. result, comparing our operating results period-to-period basis may not meaningful, and you should not rely our past results indication our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses percentage our revenues may differ significantly from our historical rates. Our operating results future quarters may fall below expectations. Any these events could cause our stock price fall. Each the risk factors listed this section addition the following factors may affect our operating results: &#8226; Our ability continue attract and retain users and customers our products and services. &#8226; Our ability attract user and/or customer adoption of, and generate significant revenues from, new products, services, and technologies which have invested considerable time and resources. &#8226; Our ability monetize traffic Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties across various devices. &#8226; Revenue fluctuations caused changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix. &#8226; The amount revenues and expenses generated and incurred currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program. &#8226; The amount and timing operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related the maintenance and expansion our businesses, operations, and infrastructure. &#8226; Our focus long-term goals over short-term results. &#8226; The results our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, and technologies. &#8226; Our ability keep our products and services operational reasonable cost and without service interruptions. &#8226; The seasonal fluctuations internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality. Our rapid growth has tended mask the cyclicality and seasonality our business. our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results fluctuate. &#8226; Geopolitical events, including trade disputes. &#8226; Changes global business macroeconomic conditions. Because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not useful you predicting our future operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements our overall corporate strategy and use capital, and these transactions could material our financial condition and operating results. expect continue evaluate and enter into discussions regarding wide array potential strategic transactions, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some the areas where face risks include: &#8226; Diversion management time and focus from operating our business challenges related acquisitions and other strategic transactions. &#8226; Failure successfully integrate and further develop the acquired business technology. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Implementation remediation controls, procedures, and policies the acquired company. &#8226; Integration the acquired company&#8217;s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. &#8226; Transition operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. &#8226; Failure obtain required approvals timely basis, all, from governmental authorities, conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay prevent from completing transaction, otherwise restrict our ability realize the expected financial strategic goals transaction. &#8226; the case foreign acquisitions, the need integrate operations across different cultures and languages and address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. &#8226; Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention employees from the businesses acquire. &#8226; Liability for activities the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data privacy and security issues, violations laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. &#8226; Litigation other claims connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, other third parties. Our failure address these risks other problems encountered connection with our past future acquisitions and other strategic transactions could cause fail realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result dilutive issuances our equity securities, the incurrence debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, impairment goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any which could harm our financial condition operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits value our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. connection with our divestitures, have agreed, and may the future agree, provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may harm our financial condition operating results. were lose the services key personnel, may not able execute our business strategy. Our future success depends large part upon the continued service key members our senior management team. For instance, Sundar Pichai critical the overall management Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays important role the development our technology. also plays key role maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss key personnel could seriously harm our business. rely highly skilled personnel and, are unable retain motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, maintain our corporate culture, may not able grow effectively. Our performance largely depends the talents and efforts highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends our continuing ability identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas our organization. Competition our industry for qualified employees intense, and certain our competitors have directly targeted our employees. addition, our compensation arrangements, such our equity award programs, may not always successful attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability compete effectively depends our ability attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. addition, believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. our organization grows, and are required implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly light our holding company structure, adverse changes our corporate culture could harm our business operations. preparing our financial statements, incorporate valuation methodologies that are subjective nature and valuations may fluctuate over time. measure certain our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awards settled the stock certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired business combination, fair value nonrecurring basis. The determination fair value involves use appropriate valuation methods and certain unobservable inputs, require management judgment and estimation, and may change over time. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. relates our non-marketable investments, the market values can negatively affected liquidity, credit deterioration losses, performance and financial results the underlying companies, foreign exchange rates, changes interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR, the effect new changing regulations, the stock market general, other factors. Since January 2018, adjust the carrying value our non-marketable equity investments fair value for observable transactions identical similar investments the same issuer for impairments. All gains and losses non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized other income (expense), which increases the volatility our other income (expense). result these factors, the value liquidity our cash equivalents, well our marketable and non-marketable securities could decline and result material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. could subject changes tax rates, the adoption new U.S. international tax legislation, exposure additional tax liabilities. Our future income taxes could negatively affected earnings being lower than anticipated jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized legal entities certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles (including changes the interpretation existing laws), well certain discrete items. addition, are subject regular review and audit both domestic and foreign tax authorities. result, have received, and may the future receive, assessments multiple jurisdictions, including Europe, various tax-related assertions, such transfer-pricing adjustments permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome such review audit could have negative effect our operating results and financial condition and could require change our business practices manner adverse our business. may also subject additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, resulting the diversion management&#8217;s time and attention. addition, the determination our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Although believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results the period periods for which such determination made. Furthermore, due shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, rates various jurisdictions may subject significant changes ways that impair our financial results. particular, France, Italy, and other countries have enacted are considering digital services taxes, which could lead inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development recently released proposal relating its initiative for modernizing international tax rules, with the goal having different countries enact legislation implement modernized and aligned international tax framework, but there can guarantee that this will occur. The trading price for our Class common stock and non-voting Class capital stock may continue volatile. The trading price our stock has times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue volatile. For example, from January 2019 through December 31, 2019, the closing price our Class common stock ranged from $1,025.47 per share $1,362.47 per share, and the closing price our Class capital stock ranged from $1,016.06 $1,361.17 per share. addition the factors discussed this report, the trading price our Class common stock and Class capital stock may fluctuate widely response various factors, many which are beyond our control, including, among others: &#8226; Quarterly variations our operating results those our competitors. &#8226; Announcements our competitors acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, capital commitments. &#8226; Recommendations securities analysts changes earnings estimates. &#8226; Announcements about our earnings that are not line with analyst expectations, the risk which enhanced because our policy not give guidance earnings. &#8226; Announcements our competitors their earnings that are not line with analyst expectations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Commentary industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless its accuracy. &#8226; The volume shares Class common stock and Class capital stock available for public sale. &#8226; Sales Class common stock and Class capital stock our stockholders (including sales our directors, executive officers, and other employees). &#8226; Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions shares our Class common stock and Class capital stock. &#8226; The perceived values Class common stock and Class capital stock relative one another. &#8226; Any share repurchase program. addition, the stock market general, which can affected various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, and the market for technology companies particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated disproportionate the operating performance those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price our Class common stock and our Class capital stock, regardless our actual operating performance. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located Mountain View, California. also own and lease office and building space the surrounding areas near our headquarters, which believe sufficient accommodate anticipated future growth. addition, own and lease office/building space and research and development sites around the world, primarily North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. own and operate data centers the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are good condition and suitable for the conduct our business. ITEM LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For description our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters&#8221; the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K, which incorporated herein reference. ITEM MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES EQUITY SECURITIES October 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer Google Inc. pursuant Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Our Class common stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 2014. Prior August 19, 2004, there was public market for our stock. Our Class common stock neither listed nor traded. Our Class capital stock has been listed the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 2014. Holders Record December 31, 2019 there were approximately 2,455 and 2,030 stockholders record our Class common stock and Class capital stock, respectively. Because many our shares Class common stock and Class capital stock are held brokers and other institutions behalf stockholders, are unable estimate the total number stockholders represented these record holders. December 31, 2019 there were approximately stockholders record our Class common stock. Dividend Policy have never declared paid any cash dividend our common capital stock. The primary use capital continues invest for the long term growth the business. regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form capital return stockholders. Issuer Purchases Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect Alphabet's repurchases Class capital stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 Period Total Number Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number Shares Purchased Part Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value Shares that May Yet Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 1,970 1,229.02 1,970 24,470 November 1,626 1,304.00 1,626 22,350 December 1,164 1,337.16 1,164 20,793 Total 4,760 4,760 (1) January and July 2019, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional $12.5 billion and $25.0 billion its Class capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant the January 2019 authorization were completed during the fourth quarter 2019. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related share repurchases. (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock Performance Graphs The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return common stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our common stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from December 31, 2014 December 31, 2019 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS COMMON STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2014 stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; 2020 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return capital stock with the cumulative total returns the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance $100 investment our Class capital stock and each index (with the reinvestment all dividends) from December 31, 2014 December 31, 2019 The returns shown are based historical results and are not intended suggest future performance. COMPARISON CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS CAPITAL STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested December 31, 2014 stock index, including reinvestment dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright &#169; 2020 S&P, division The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected consolidated financial data should read conjunction with Item &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis Financial Condition and Results Operations&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing Item &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; this Annual Report Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative the results expected any future period. Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (in millions, except per share amounts) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 74,989 90,272 110,855 136,819 161,857 Income from operations 19,360 23,737 26,178 27,524 34,231 Net income 16,348 19,478 12,662 30,736 34,343 Basic net income per share Class and common stock 23.11 28.32 18.27 44.22 49.59 Basic net income per share Class capital stock 24.63 28.32 18.27 44.22 49.59 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock 22.84 27.85 18.00 43.70 49.16 Diluted net income per share Class capital stock 24.34 27.85 18.00 43.70 49.16 December 31, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 73,066 86,333 101,871 109,140 119,675 Total assets 147,461 167,497 197,295 232,792 275,909 Total long-term liabilities 7,820 11,705 20,610 20,544 29,246 Total stockholders&#8217; equity 120,331 139,036 152,502 177,628 201,442 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis our financial condition and results operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. have omitted discussion 2017 results where would redundant the discussion previously included Part II, Item our 2018 Annual Report Form 10-K, amended. Trends Our Business The following trends have contributed the results our consolidated operations, and anticipate that they will continue affect our future results: &#8226; Users' behaviors and advertising continue shift online the digital economy evolves. The continuing shift from offline online world has contributed the growth our business since inception, contributing revenue growth, and expect that this online shift will continue benefit our business. &#8226; Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from new formats. Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities, such smartphones, wearables and smart home devices, and want feel connected matter where they are what they are doing. seek expand our products and services stay front these trends order maintain and grow our business. generate our advertising revenues increasingly from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Additionally, the market for particular device type modality matures our revenues may affected. For example, growth the global smartphone market has slowed due various factors, including increased market saturation developed countries, which can affect our mobile advertising revenue growth rates. expect TAC paid our distribution partners increase our revenues grow and affected changes device mix; geographic mix; partner mix; partner agreement terms; and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points. expect these trends continue put pressure our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates. &#8226; online advertising evolves, continue expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization. interactions between users and advertisers change and online user behavior evolves, continue expand and evolve our product offerings serve their changing needs. Over time, expect our monetization trends fluctuate. For example, have seen increase YouTube engagement ads, which monetize lower rate than traditional search ads. &#8226; users developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue increase and movements foreign exchange rates affect such revenues. The shift online, well the advent the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside the U.S., including emerging markets, and continue develop localized versions our products and relevant advertising programs useful our users these markets. This has led trend increased revenues from international markets over time and expect that our results will continue affected our performance these markets, particularly low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could impact our margins developing markets initially monetize lower rate than more mature markets. Our international revenues represent significant portion our revenues and are subject fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates relative the U.S. dollar. While have foreign exchange risk management program designed reduce our exposure these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect our revenues and earnings. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; The portion our revenues that derive from non-advertising revenues increasing and may affect margins. Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. expect this trend continue focus expanding our offerings our users through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription and other services. The margins these revenues vary significantly and may lower than the margins our advertising revenues. number our Other Bets initiatives are their initial development stages, and such, the sources revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could volatile. &#8226; continue serve our users and expand our businesses, will invest heavily operating and capital expenditures. continue make significant R&D investments areas strategic focus such advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, well new products and services. addition, our capital expenditures have grown over the last several years. expect this trend continue the long term invest heavily land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment addition, acquisitions remain important part our strategy and use capital, and expect continue spend cash acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings, well expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. &#8226; Our employees are critical our success and expect continue investing them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. expect continue hiring talented employees around the globe and provide competitive compensation programs our employees. Executive Overview Results Below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (consolidated unless otherwise noted): &#8226; Revenues $161.9 billion and revenue growth 18% year over year, constant currency revenue growth 20% year over year. &#8226; Google segment revenues $160.7 billion with revenue growth 18% year over year and Other Bets revenues $659 million with revenue growth 11% year over year. &#8226; Revenues from the United States EMEA APAC and Other Americas were $74.8 billion $50.6 billion $26.9 billion and $9.0 billion respectively. &#8226; Cost revenues was $71.9 billion consisting TAC $30.1 billion and other cost revenues $41.8 billion Our TAC percentage advertising revenues (TAC rate) was 22.3% &#8226; Operating expenses (excluding cost revenues) were $55.7 billion &#8226; Income from operations was $34.2 billion &#8226; Other income (expense), net, was $5.4 billion &#8226; Effective tax rate was 13% &#8226; Net income was $34.3 billion with diluted net income per share $49.16 &#8226; Operating cash flow was $54.5 billion &#8226; Capital expenditures were $23.5 billion &#8226; Number employees was 118,899 December 31, 2019 The majority new hires during the year were engineers and product managers. product area, the largest headcount additions were Google Cloud and Search. Information about Segments operate our business multiple operating segments. Google our only reportable segment. None our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds qualify reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed Other Bets. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Our reported segments are: &#8226; Google &#8211; Google includes our main products such ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure also included Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products. &#8226; Other Bets &#8211; Other Bets combination multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and among others. Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales internet and services through Access well licensing and R&D services through Verily. Revenues The following table presents our revenues segment and revenue source (in millions). Certain amounts prior periods have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Google Search other 69,811 85,296 98,115 YouTube ads (1) 8,150 11,155 15,149 Google properties 77,961 96,451 113,264 Google Network Members' properties 17,616 20,010 21,547 Google advertising 95,577 116,461 134,811 Google Cloud 4,056 5,838 8,918 Google other (1) 10,914 14,063 17,014 Google revenues 110,547 136,362 160,743 Other Bets revenues 477 595 659 Hedging gains (losses) (169 (138 455 Total revenues 110,855 136,819 161,857 (1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included Google other revenues. Google advertising revenues Our advertising revenue growth, well the change paid clicks and cost-per-click Google properties and the change impressions and cost-per-impression Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have been affected and may continue affected various factors, including: &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes advertising quality, formats, delivery policy; &#8226; changes device mix; &#8226; changes foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; fees advertisers are willing pay based how they manage their advertising costs; &#8226; general economic conditions; &#8226; seasonality; and &#8226; traffic growth emerging markets compared more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels. Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time result number factors, including challenges maintaining our growth rate revenues increase higher levels; changes our product mix; changes advertising quality formats and delivery; the evolution the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments new business strategies; query growth rates; and shifts the geographic mix our revenues. also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue affected evolving user preferences, the acceptance users our products and services they are delivered diverse devices and modalities, our ability create seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements foreign currency exchange rates. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents our Google advertising revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Google Search other 69,811 85,296 98,115 YouTube ads (1) 8,150 11,155 15,149 Google Network Members' properties 17,616 20,010 21,547 Google advertising 95,577 116,461 134,811 Google advertising revenues percentage Google segment revenues 86.5 85.4 83.9 (1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included Google other revenues. Google advertising revenues are generated our Google properties (including Google Search other properties and YouTube) and Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Google advertising revenues consist primarily the following: &#8226; Google Search other consists revenues generated Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated search distribution partners who use Google.com their default search browsers, toolbars, etc.) and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; &#8226; YouTube ads consists revenues generated primarily YouTube properties; and &#8226; Google Network Members' properties consist revenues generated primarily Google Network Members' properties participating AdMob, AdSense, and Google Manager. Google Search other Our Google Search other revenues increased $12,819 million from 2018 2019. The growth was primarily driven interrelated factors including increases search queries resulting from ongoing growth user adoption and usage, primarily mobile devices, continued growth advertiser activity, and improvements have made formats and delivery. Revenue growth was partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google Search other revenues increased $15,485 million from 2017 2018. The growth was primarily driven increases mobile search resulting from ongoing growth user adoption and usage, well continued growth advertiser activity. Growth was also driven improvements formats and delivery, primarily desktop. Additionally, revenue growth was favorably affected the general weakening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. YouTube ads YouTube ads revenues increased $3,994 million from 2018 2019 and increased $3,005 million from 2017 2018. The largest contributors the growth during both periods were our direct response and brand advertising products, both which benefited from improvements formats and delivery and increased advertiser spending. Google Network Members' properties Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $1,537 million from 2018 2019. The growth was primarily driven strength both AdManager (included what was previously referred programmatic advertising buying) and AdMob, partially offset the general strengthening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $2,394 million from 2017 2018, primarily driven strength both AdMob and AdManager, offset decline our traditional AdSense businesses. Additionally, the growth was favorably affected the general weakening the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Use Monetization Metrics Paid clicks for our Google properties represent engagement users and include clicks advertisements end-users related searches Google.com and other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; and viewed YouTube engagement ads (certain YouTube formats are not included our click impression based metrics). Impressions for our Google Network Members' properties include impressions displayed users served Google Network Members' properties participating primarily AdMob, AdSense and Google Manager. Cost-per-click defined click-driven revenues divided our total number paid clicks and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each engagement users. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Cost-per-impression defined impression-based and click-based revenues divided our total number impressions and represents the average amount charge advertisers for each impression displayed users. our business evolves, periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number paid clicks our Google properties and the number impressions Google Network Members&#8217; properties and for identifying the revenues generated click activity our Google properties and the revenues generated impression activity Google Network Members&#8217; properties. Google properties The following table presents changes our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Paid clicks change Cost-per-click change (25 The number paid clicks through our advertising programs Google properties increased from 2018 2019 due growth views YouTube engagement ads; increase clicks due interrelated factors, including increase search queries resulting from ongoing growth user adoption and usage, primarily mobile devices; continued growth advertiser activity; and improvements have made formats and delivery. The positive effect our revenues from increase paid clicks was partially offset decrease the cost-per-click paid our advertisers. The decrease cost-per-click was primarily driven continued growth YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than our other advertising platforms. Cost-per-click was also affected changes device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google Network Members' properties The following table presents changes our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Impressions change Cost-per-impression change Impressions increased from 2018 2019 primarily due growth AdManager. The cost-per-impression was relatively unchanged due combination factors including ongoing product and policy changes and improvements have made formats and delivery, changes device mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies. Google Cloud The following table presents our Google Cloud revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Google Cloud 4,056 5,838 8,918 Google Cloud revenues percentage Google segment revenues 3.7 4.3 5.5 Google Cloud revenues consist primarily revenues from Cloud offerings, including &#8226; Google Cloud Platform (GCP), which includes infrastructure, data and analytics, and other services &#8226; Suite productivity tools; and &#8226; other enterprise cloud services. Our Google Cloud revenues increased $3,080 million from 2018 2019 and increased $1,782 million from 2017 2018. The growth during both periods was primarily driven continued strength our GCP and Suite offerings. Our infrastructure and our data and analytics platform products have been the largest drivers growth GCP. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Google other revenues The following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Google other 10,914 14,063 17,014 Google other revenues percentage Google segment revenues 9.9 10.3 10.6 Google other revenues consist primarily revenues from: &#8226; Google Play, which includes revenues from sales apps and in-app purchases (which recognize net payout developers) and digital content sold the Google Play store; &#8226; hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices; &#8226; YouTube non-advertising, including YouTube Premium and YouTube subscriptions and other services; and &#8226; other products and services. Our Google other revenues increased $2,951 million from 2018 2019. The growth was primarily driven Google Play and YouTube subscriptions. Our Google other revenues increased $3,149 million from 2017 2018. The growth was primarily driven Google Play and hardware. Over time, our growth rate for Google Cloud and Google other revenues may affected the seasonality associated with new product and service launches and market dynamics. Other Bets The following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Other Bets revenues 477 595 659 Other Bets revenues percentage total revenues 0.4 0.4 0.4 Other Bets revenues consist primarily revenues from sales Access internet and services and Verily licensing and R&D services. Revenues Geography The following table presents our revenues geography percentage revenues, determined based the addresses our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 United States EMEA APAC Other Americas For further details revenues geography, see Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Use Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Growth The effect currency exchange rates our business important factor understanding period period comparisons. Our international revenues are favorably affected the U.S. dollar weakens relative other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected the U.S. dollar strengthens relative other foreign currencies. Our revenues are also favorably affected net hedging gains and unfavorably affected net hedging losses. use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and means evaluate period-to-period comparisons. believe the presentation results constant currency basis addition U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve Table Contents Alphabet Inc. the ability understand our performance because they exclude the effects foreign currency volatility that are not indicative our core operating results. Constant currency information compares results between periods exchange rates had remained constant period over period. define constant currency revenues total revenues excluding the effect foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use determine the constant currency revenue growth year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, well excluding any hedging effects realized the current period. Constant currency revenue growth (expressed percentage) calculated determining the increase current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues both periods. These results should considered addition to, not substitute for, results reported accordance with GAAP. Results constant currency basis, present them, may not comparable similarly titled measures used other companies and are not measure performance presented accordance with GAAP. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. The following table presents the foreign exchange effect our international revenues and total revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 EMEA revenues 44,739 50,645 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates (1,325 2,397 EMEA constant currency revenues 43,414 53,042 Prior period EMEA revenues 36,236 44,739 EMEA revenue growth EMEA constant currency revenue growth APAC revenues 21,341 26,928 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates (49 388 APAC constant currency revenues 21,292 27,316 Prior period APAC revenues 16,192 21,341 APAC revenue growth APAC constant currency revenue growth Other Americas revenues 7,608 8,986 Exclude foreign exchange effect current period revenues using prior year rates 404 541 Other Americas constant currency revenues 8,012 9,527 Prior period Other Americas revenues 6,147 7,608 Other Americas revenue growth Other Americas constant currency revenue growth United States revenues 63,269 74,843 United States revenue growth Hedging gains (losses) (138 455 Total revenues 136,819 161,857 Total constant currency revenues 135,987 164,728 Prior period revenues, excluding hedging effect (1) 111,024 136,957 Total revenue growth Total constant currency revenue growth (1) Total revenues and hedging gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $110,855 million and $(169) million, respectively. Our EMEA revenue growth from 2018 2019 was unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Euro and British pound. Our APAC revenue growth from 2018 2019 was unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Australian dollar and South Korean won, partially offset the U.S. dollar weakening relative the Japanese yen. Our Other Americas revenue growth from 2018 2019 was unfavorably affected changes foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due the U.S. dollar strengthening relative the Brazilian real and Argentine peso. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Costs and Expenses Cost Revenues Cost revenues consists TAC which are paid Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed their properties and amounts paid our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers. The cost revenues percentage revenues generated from ads placed Google Network Members' properties are significantly higher than the cost revenues percentage revenues generated from ads placed Google properties because most the advertiser revenues from ads served Google Network Members&#8217; properties are paid TAC our Google Network Members. Additionally, other cost revenues (which the cost revenues excluding TAC) includes the following: &#8226; Content acquisition costs primarily related payments content providers from whom license video and other content for distribution YouTube advertising and subscription services and Google Play (we pay fees these content providers based revenues generated flat fee); &#8226; Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including stock-based compensation (SBC)), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and &#8226; Inventory related costs for hardware sell. The following tables present our cost revenues, including TAC (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 TAC 26,726 30,089 Other cost revenues 32,823 41,807 Total cost revenues 59,549 71,896 Total cost revenues percentage revenues 43.5 44.4 Cost revenues increased $12,347 million from 2018 2019 The increase was due increases other cost revenues and TAC $8,984 million and $3,363 million respectively. The increase other cost revenues from 2018 2019 was due increase data center and other operations costs. Additionally, there was increase content acquisition costs for YouTube consistent with the growth YouTube revenues. The increase TAC from 2018 2019 was due increases TAC paid distribution partners and Google Network Members, primarily driven growth revenues subject TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 22.9% 22.3% primarily due the favorable revenue mix shift from Google Network Members' properties Google properties. The TAC rate Google properties revenues increased primarily due the ongoing shift mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The TAC rate Google Network revenues decreased primarily due changes product mix products that carry lower TAC rate. Over time, cost revenues percentage total revenues may affected number factors, including the following: &#8226; The amount TAC paid Google Network Members, which affected combination factors such geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations the U.S. dollar compared certain foreign currencies &#8226; The amount TAC paid distribution partners, which affected changes device mix, geographic mix, partner mix, partner agreement terms such revenue share arrangements, and the percentage queries channeled through paid access points; &#8226; Relative revenue growth rates Google properties and Google Network Members' properties; &#8226; Costs associated with our data centers and other operations support ads, Google Cloud, Search, YouTube and other products &#8226; Content acquisition costs, which are primarily affected the relative growth rates our YouTube advertising and subscription revenues; &#8226; Costs related hardware sales; and &#8226; Increased proportion non-advertising revenues, which generally have higher costs revenues, relative our advertising revenues. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Research and Development The following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Research and development expenses 21,419 26,018 Research and development expenses percentage revenues 15.7 16.1 R&D expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D our existing and new products and services; &#8226; Depreciation expenses; &#8226; Equipment-related expenses; and &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related consulting and outsourcing services. R&D expenses increased $4,599 million from 2018 2019 The increase was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $3,519 million, largely resulting from 23% increase headcount. Over time, R&D expenses percentage revenues may affected number factors including continued investment ads, Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, machine learning, Other Bets, and Search. Sales and Marketing The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Sales and marketing expenses 16,333 18,464 Sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues 11.9 11.4 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Advertising and promotional expenditures related our products and services; and &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees engaged sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions. Sales and marketing expenses increased $2,131 million from 2018 2019 The increase was primarily due increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $1,371 million largely resulting from 15% increase headcount. addition, there was increase advertising and promotional expenses $402 million Over time, sales and marketing expenses percentage revenues may affected number factors including the seasonality associated with new product and service launches. General and Administrative The following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 General and administrative expenses 6,923 9,551 General and administrative expenses percentage revenues 5.1 5.9 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: &#8226; Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees our finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations; &#8226; Depreciation expenses; &#8226; Equipment-related expenses; &#8226; Legal-related expenses; and Table Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Professional services fees primarily related audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services. General and administrative expenses increased $2,628 million from 2018 2019 The increase was primarily due increase legal-related expenses $1,157 million including charge $554 million from legal settlement 2019 and the effect legal settlement gain recorded 2018. Additionally, there was increase compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs $687 million largely resulting from 19% increase headcount. Performance fees $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses other income (expense), net, for 2018 conform with current period presentation. See Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further details. Over time, general and administrative expenses percentage revenues may affected discrete items such legal settlements. European Commission Fines July 2018, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google's Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;4.3 billion $5.1 billion June 30, 2018) fine, which was accrued the second quarter 2018. March 2019, the announced its decision that certain contractual provisions agreements that Google had with AdSense for Search partners infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364;1.5 billion $1.7 billion March 20, 2019) fine, which was accrued the first quarter 2019. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. Other Income (Expense), Net The following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Other income (expense), net 7,389 5,394 Other income (expense), net, percentage revenues 5.4 3.3 Other income (expense), net, decreased $1,995 million from 2018 2019 This decrease was primarily driven decrease gains equity securities, which were $2,649 million 2019 compared $5,460 million 2018. The majority the gains both periods were unrealized. The effect the decrease gains equity securities was partially offset decrease performance fees. The decrease other income (expense) was also driven decrease gains debt securities primarily due unrealized gain recognized 2018 resulting from the modification the terms non-marketable debt security. Performance fees $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses other income (expense), net, for 2018 conform with current period presentation. See Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further details. Over time, other income (expense), net, percentage revenues may affected market dynamics and other factors. Equity values generally change daily for marketable equity securities and upon the occurrence observable price changes upon impairment non-marketable equity securities. addition, volatility the global economic climate and financial markets could result significant change the value our equity securities. Fluctuations the value these investments has, and expect will continue to, contribute volatility OI&E future periods. For additional information about equity investments, see Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Provision for Income Taxes The following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate: Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Provision for income taxes 4,177 5,282 Effective tax rate 12.0 13.3 Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2018 2019 due discrete events 2018 and 2019. 2018, released our deferred tax asset valuation allowance related gains equity securities and recognized the benefits the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). 2019, recognized increase discrete benefits related the resolution multi-year audits, partially offset the reversal Altera tax benefit result the U.S. Court Appeals decision. See Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information. December 31, 2019, have simplified our corporate legal entity structure and now license intellectual property from the U.S. that was previously licensed from Bermuda. This will affect our geographic mix earnings expect our future effective tax rate affected the geographic mix earnings countries with different statutory rates. Additionally, our future effective tax rate may affected changes the valuation our deferred tax assets liabilities, changes tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, well certain discrete items. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Quarterly Results Operations The following tables presenting our quarterly results operations should read conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. have prepared the unaudited information the same basis our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative results for any future quarters for full year. The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2019 This table includes all adjustments, consisting only normal recurring adjustments, that consider necessary for fair presentation our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Seasonal fluctuations internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions have affected, and are likely continue affect, our business. Commercial queries typically increase significantly the fourth quarter each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue cause, fluctuations our quarterly results, including fluctuations sequential revenue growth rates. Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2018 Jun 30, 2018 Sept 30, 2018 Dec 31, 2018 Mar 31, 2019 Jun 30, 2019 Sept 30, 2019 Dec 31, 2019 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Consolidated Statements Income Data: Revenues 31,146 32,657 33,740 39,276 36,339 38,944 40,499 46,075 Costs and expenses: Cost revenues 13,467 13,883 14,281 17,918 16,012 17,296 17,568 21,020 Research and development 5,039 5,114 5,232 6,034 6,029 6,213 6,554 7,222 Sales and marketing 3,604 3,780 3,849 5,100 3,905 4,212 4,609 5,738 General and administrative 1,403 1,764 1,753 2,003 2,088 2,043 2,591 2,829 European Commission fines 5,071 1,697 Total costs and expenses 23,513 29,612 25,115 31,055 29,731 29,764 31,322 36,809 Income from operations 7,633 3,045 8,625 8,221 6,608 9,180 9,177 9,266 Other income (expense), net 2,910 1,170 1,458 1,851 1,538 2,967 (549 1,438 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 10,543 4,215 10,083 10,072 8,146 12,147 8,628 10,704 Provision for income taxes 1,142 1,020 891 1,124 1,489 2,200 1,560 Net income 9,401 3,195 9,192 8,948 6,657 9,947 7,068 10,671 Basic net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 13.53 4.60 13.21 12.87 9.58 14.33 10.20 15.49 Diluted net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock 13.33 4.54 13.06 12.77 9.50 14.21 10.12 15.35 Capital Resources and Liquidity December 31, 2019 had $119.7 billion cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. equivalents and marketable securities comprised time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and marketable equity securities. December 31, 2019 had long-term taxes payable $7.3 billion related one-time transition tax payable incurred result the Tax Act. permitted the Tax Act, will pay the transition tax annual interest-free installments through 2025. 2017, 2018 and 2019, the announced decisions that certain actions taken Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines &#8364;2.4 billion $2.7 billion June 27, 2017), &#8364;4.3 billion $5.1 billion June 30, 2018), and &#8364;1.5 billion $1.7 billion March 20, 2019), respectively. While each decision under appeal, included the fines accrued expenses and other current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets provided bank guarantees (in lieu cash payment) for the fines. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. November 2019, entered into agreement acquire Fitbit, leading wearables brand, for $7.35 per share, representing total purchase price approximately $2.1 billion the date the agreement. The acquisition Fitbit expected completed 2020, subject customary closing conditions, including the receipt regulatory approvals. Our principal sources liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, well the cash flow that generate from our operations. The primary use capital continues invest for the long term growth the business. regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form capital return stockholders. have short-term debt financing program $5.0 billion through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2019 have $4.0 billion revolving credit facilities expiring July 2023 with amounts outstanding December 31, 2019 The interest rate for the credit facilities determined based formula using certain market rates. believe that our sources funding will sufficient satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through least the next months. December 31, 2019 have senior unsecured notes outstanding due 2021, 2024, and 2026 with total carrying value $4.0 billion December 31, 2019 had remaining authorization $20.8 billion for repurchase Class capital stock. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for additional information related share repurchases. continue make significant investments land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure through purchases property and equipment and lease arrangements provide capacity for the growth our business. During the year ended December 31, 2019, spent $23.5 billion capital expenditures and recognized total operating lease assets $4.4 billion December 31, 2019, the amount total future lease payments under operating leases, which had weighted average remaining lease term years was $13.9 billion Finance leases were not material for the year ended December 31, 2019. Please refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for further information the leases. The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019 Net cash provided operating activities 47,971 54,520 Net cash used investing activities (28,504 (29,491 Net cash used financing activities (13,179 (23,209 Cash Provided Operating Activities Our largest source cash provided our operations are advertising revenues generated Google properties and Google Network Members' properties. Additionally, generate cash through sales apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products. Our primary uses cash from our operating activities include payments our Google Network Members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. addition, uses cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. Net cash provided operating activities increased from 2018 2019 primarily due increases cash received from revenues, offset increases cash paid for cost revenues and operating expenses. Cash Used Investing Activities Cash provided investing activities consists primarily maturities and sales our investments marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used investing activities consists primarily purchases property and Table Contents Alphabet Inc. equipment, which primarily includes our investments land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure provide capacity for the growth our businesses; purchases marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments for acquisitions. Net cash used investing activities increased from 2018 2019 primarily due net increase purchases securities and increase payments for acquisitions, partially offset decrease payments for purchases property and equipment. The decrease purchases property and equipment was driven decreases purchases servers well land and buildings for offices, partially offset increase data center construction. Cash Used Financing Activities Cash provided financing activities consists primarily proceeds from issuance debt and proceeds from sale interest consolidated entities. Cash used financing activities consists primarily net payments related stock-based award activities, repurchases capital stock, and repayments debt. Net cash used financing activities increased from 2018 2019 primarily due increase cash payments for repurchases capital stock and decrease proceeds from sale interest consolidated entities. Contractual Obligations December 31, 2019 The following summarizes our contractual obligations December 31, 2019 (in millions): Payments Due Period Total Less than year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than years Operating lease obligations (1) 13,854 1,757 3,525 2,809 5,763 Obligations for leases that have not yet commenced (1) 7,418 249 850 1,314 5,005 Purchase obligations (2) 5,660 4,212 933 202 313 Long-term debt obligations (3) 5,288 227 1,258 1,224 2,579 Tax payable (4) 7,315 1,166 3,661 2,488 Other long-term liabilities reflected our balance sheet (5) 1,484 245 643 367 229 Total contractual obligations 41,019 6,690 8,375 9,577 16,377 (1) For further information, refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. (2) Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related information technology assets and data center operation costs; purchases inventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. The amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion agreements the minimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing December 31, 2019 Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations. (3) Represents our principal and interest payments. For further information long-term debt, refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. (4) Represents one-time transition tax payable incurred result the Tax Act. For further information, refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable $2.6 billion December 31, 2019 primarily related uncertain tax positions, for which are unable make reasonably reliable estimate the timing payments individual years beyond months due uncertainties the timing tax audit outcomes. (5) Represents cash obligations recorded our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including the short-term portion these long-term liabilities, primarily for the construction offices and certain commercial agreements. These amounts not include the fines which are classified current liabilities our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further information regarding the fines, refer Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements December 31, 2019 did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, defined Item 303(a)(4)(ii) Regulation S-K, that have are reasonably likely have current future effect our financial condition, changes our financial condition, revenues, expenses, results operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources that material investors. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates prepare our consolidated financial statements accordance with GAAP. doing so, have make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, well related disclosure contingent assets and liabilities. some cases, could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. some cases, changes the accounting estimates are reasonably likely occur from period period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition results operations will affected. base our estimates past experience and other assumptions that believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and evaluate these estimates ongoing basis. refer accounting estimates this type critical accounting policies and estimates, which discuss further below. have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee our board directors. Please see Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part II, Item this Annual Report Form 10-K for summary significant accounting policies and the effect our financial statements. Revenues For the sale third-party goods and services, evaluate whether are the principal, and report revenues gross basis, agent, and report revenues net basis. this assessment, consider obtain control the specified goods services before they are transferred the customer, well other indicators such the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion establishing price. Income Taxes are subject income taxes the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment required evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although believe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, assurance can given that the final tax outcome these matters will not different. adjust these reserves light changing facts and circumstances, such the closing tax audit the refinement estimate. the extent that the final tax outcome these matters different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate the period which such determination made. The provision for income taxes includes the effect reserve provisions and changes reserves that are considered appropriate well the related net interest and penalties. addition, are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the Internal Revenue Services (IRS) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. Loss Contingencies are regularly subject claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated our users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain these matters include speculative claims for substantial indeterminate amounts damages. record liability when believe that probable that loss has been incurred and the amount can reasonably estimated. determine that loss reasonably possible and the loss range loss can estimated, disclose the possible loss the Notes the Consolidated Financial Statements. evaluate, regular basis, developments our legal matters that could affect the amount liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes our disclosures appropriate. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood there being, and the estimated amount of, loss related such matters. Until the final resolution such matters, there may exposure loss excess the amount recorded, and such amounts could material. Should any our estimates and assumptions change prove have been incorrect, could have material effect our business, consolidated financial position, results operations, cash flows. Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events changes circumstances indicate that the carrying amount asset may not recoverable. The evaluation performed the lowest level identifiable cash flows independent other assets. impairment loss would recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated Table Contents Alphabet Inc. from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement impairment loss would based the excess the carrying amount the asset group over its fair value. Fair Value Measurements measure certain our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awards settled the stock certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired business combination, fair value nonrecurring basis. The determination fair value involves the use appropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into valuation models. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used measure fair value whereby gives the highest priority quoted prices (unadjusted) active markets for identical assets liabilities and the lowest priority unobservable inputs. maximize the use relevant observable inputs and minimize the use unobservable inputs. Our use unobservable inputs reflects the assumptions that market participants would use and may include our own data adjusted based reasonably available information. apply judgment assessing the relevance observable market data determine the priority inputs under the fair value hierarchy, particularly situations where there very little market activity. determining the fair values our non-marketable equity and debt investments, well assets acquired (especially with respect intangible assets) and liabilities assumed business combinations, make significant estimates and assumptions, some which include the use unobservable inputs. Certain stock-based compensation awards may settled the stock certain our Other Bets cash. These awards are based the equity values the respective Other Bet, which requires use unobservable inputs. also have compensation arrangements with payouts based realized investment returns, i.e. performance fees. recognize compensation expense based the estimated payouts, which may result expense recognized before investment returns are realized, and may require the use unobservable inputs. Non-marketable Equity Securities Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either fair value under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value measured cost, less any impairment, plus minus changes resulting from observable price changes orderly transactions for the identical similar investment the same issuer. Determining whether observed transaction similar security within our portfolio requires judgment based the rights and obligations the securities. Recording upward and downward adjustments the carrying value our equity securities result observable price changes requires quantitative assessments the fair value our securities using various valuation methodologies and involves the use estimates. Non-marketable equity securities are also subject periodic impairment reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have significant effect the investment's fair value. Qualitative factors considered include industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. When indicators impairment exist, prepare quantitative assessments the fair value our equity investments using both the market and income approaches which require judgment and the use estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data private and public companies, among others. When our assessment indicates that impairment exists, measure our non-marketable securities fair value. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK are exposed financial market risks, including changes foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk transact business globally multiple currencies. Our international revenues, well costs and expenses denominated foreign currencies, expose the risk fluctuations foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged included the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. For the purpose analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, considered the historical trends foreign currency exchange rates and determined that was reasonably possible that adverse changes exchange rates 10% could experienced the near term. use foreign exchange forward contracts offset the foreign exchange risk our assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements our assets and liabilities. The foreign Table Contents Alphabet Inc. currency gains and losses the assets and liabilities are recorded other income (expense), net, which are offset the gains and losses the forward contracts. adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied total monetary assets and liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currencies the balance sheet dates, would have resulted adverse effect income before income taxes approximately million and million December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. The adverse effect December 31, 2018 and 2019 after consideration the offsetting effect approximately $374 million and $662 million respectively, from foreign exchange contracts place for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options) protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollar strengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related our earnings. When the U.S. dollar weakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce, but not entirely eliminate, the effect foreign currency exchange rate movements. designate these contracts cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. reflect the gains losses foreign currency spot rate changes component AOCI and subsequently reclassify them into revenues offset the hedged exposures they occur. the U.S. dollar weakened 10% December 31, 2018 and 2019 the amount recorded AOCI related our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $772 million and $1.1 billion lower December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. The change the value recorded AOCI would expected offset corresponding foreign currency change forecasted hedged revenues when recognized. use foreign exchange forward contracts designated net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related our investment foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations. the U.S. dollar weakened 10%, the amount recorded cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related our net investment hedge would have been approximately $635 million and $936 million lower December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. The change value recorded CTA would expected offset corresponding foreign currency translation gain loss from our investment foreign subsidiaries. Interest Rate Risk Our Corporate Treasury investment strategy achieve return that will allow preserve capital and maintain liquidity. invest primarily debt securities including those the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued foreign governments. policy, limit the amount credit exposure any one issuer. Our investments both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry degree interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due rise interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted interest rates fall. Unrealized gains losses our marketable debt securities are primarily due interest rate fluctuations result higher market interest rates compared interest rates the time purchase. account for both fixed and variable rate securities fair value with gains and losses recorded AOCI until the securities are sold. use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis determine the potential effect fluctuations interest rates the value our marketable debt security portfolio. The VaR the expected loss fair value, for given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due adverse movements interest rates. use variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss fair value our marketable debt securities December 31, 2018 and 2019 are shown below (in millions): December 31, 12-Month Average December 31, 2018 2019 2018 2019 Risk Category Interest Rate 104 Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed December 31, 2018 and 2019 due the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount changes interest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis not intended represent actual losses but used risk estimation. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Equity Investment Risk Our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject wide variety market-related risks that could substantially reduce increase the fair value our holdings. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments privately held companies, some which are the startup development stages. record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method fair value based readily determinable market values, which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject market price volatility, and represent $3.3 billion our investments December 31, 2019 hypothetical adverse price change 10%, which could experienced the near term, would decrease the fair value our marketable equity securities $330 million Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted fair value for observable transactions for identical similar investments the same issuer impairment (referred the measurement alternative). The fair value measured the time the observable transaction, which not necessarily indication the current fair value the balance sheet date. These investments, especially those that are the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies products these companies have under development are typically the early phases and may never materialize and they may experience decline financial condition, which could result loss substantial part our investment these companies. The success our investment any private company also typically dependent the likelihood our ability realize appreciation the value our investments through liquidity events such public offerings, acquisitions, private sales other favorable market events. December 31, 2019 the carrying value our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $11.4 billion Valuations our equity investments private companies are inherently more complex due the lack readily available market data. Volatility the global economic climate and financial markets could result significant impairment charge our non-marketable equity securities. The carrying values our equity method investments generally not fluctuate based market price changes, however these investments could impaired the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For further information about our equity investments, please refer Note and Note the Notes Consolidated Financial Statements included Part this Annual Report Form 10-K. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Alphabet Inc. INDEX CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements The supplementary financial information required this Item included Item under the caption &#8220;Quarterly Results Operations.&#8221; Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion the Financial Statements have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets Alphabet Inc. (the Company) December 31, 2018 and 2019, the related consolidated statements income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed the Index Item (collectively referred the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;). our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, all material respects, the financial position the Company December 31, 2018 and 2019, and the results its operations and its cash flows for each the three years the period ended December 31, 2019, conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2019, based criteria established Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 2020 expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Adoption New Accounting Standard discussed Note the financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure certain equity securities the year ended December 31, 2018. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility the Company's management. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s financial statements based our audits. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audits accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free material misstatement, whether due error fraud. Our audits included performing procedures assess the risks material misstatement the financial statements, whether due error fraud, and performing procedures that respond those risks. Such procedures included examining, test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made management, well evaluating the overall presentation the financial statements. believe that our audits provide reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below matter arising from the current period audit the financial statements that was communicated required communicated the audit committee and that: (1) relates accounts disclosures that are material the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, complex judgments. The communication the critical audit matter does not alter any way our opinion the financial statements, taken whole, and are not, communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion the critical audit matter the accounts disclosures which relates. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Loss Contingencies Description the Matter The Company regularly subject claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated its users, goods and services offered advertisers publishers using their platforms, and other matters. described Note the financial statements &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies&#8221; such claims could result adverse consequences. Significant judgment required determine both the likelihood, and the estimated amount, loss related such matters. Auditing management&#8217;s accounting for and disclosure loss contingencies from these matters involved challenging and subjective auditor judgement assessing the Company&#8217;s evaluation the probability loss, and the estimated amount range loss. How Addressed the Matter Our Audit tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management&#8217;s accounting for and disclosure these matters. This included controls over management&#8217;s assessment the probability incurrence loss and whether the loss range loss was reasonably estimable and the development related disclosures. Our audit procedures included gaining understanding previous rulings issued regulators and the status ongoing lawsuits, reviewing letters addressing the matters from internal and external legal counsel, meeting with internal legal counsel discuss the allegations, and obtaining representation letter from management these matters. also evaluated the Company&#8217;s disclosures relation these matters. /s/ Ernst Young LLP have served the Company's auditor since 1999. San Jose, California February 2020 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. REPORT ERNST YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM the Stockholders and the Board Directors Alphabet Inc. Opinion Internal Control over Financial Reporting have audited Alphabet Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2019, based criteria established Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2019, based the COSO criteria. also have audited, accordance with the standards the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2019 consolidated financial statements the Company and our report dated February 2020 expressed unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company&#8217;s management responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment the effectiveness internal control over financial reporting included the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility express opinion the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based our audit. are public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required independent with respect the Company accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. conducted our audit accordance with the standards the PCAOB. Those standards require that plan and perform the audit obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained all material respects. Our audit included obtaining understanding internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness internal control based the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures considered necessary the circumstances. believe that our audit provides reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations Internal Control over Financial Reporting company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting process designed provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability financial reporting and the preparation financial statements for external purposes accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain the maintenance records that, reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions the assets the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded necessary permit preparation financial statements accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures the company are being made only accordance with authorizations management and directors the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention timely detection unauthorized acquisition, use, disposition the company&#8217;s assets that could have material effect the financial statements. Because its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent detect misstatements. Also, projections any evaluation effectiveness future periods are subject the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes conditions, that the degree compliance with the policies procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Jose, California February 2020 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands, and par value per share amounts) December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities Accounts receivable, net allowance $729 and $753 Income taxes receivable, net Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Non-marketable investments Deferred income taxes Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued revenue share Deferred revenue Income taxes payable, net Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred revenue, non-current Income taxes payable, non-current Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders&#8217; equity: Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class 9,000,000, Class 3,000,000, Class 3,000,000); 695,556 (Class 299,242, Class 46,636, Class 349,678) and 688,335 (Class 299,828, Class 46,441, Class 342,066) shares issued and outstanding Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total stockholders&#8217; equity Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS INCOME (In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost revenues Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative European Commission fines Total costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock Diluted net income per share Class and common stock and Class capital stock See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change foreign currency translation adjustment Available-for-sale investments: Change net unrealized gains (losses) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income Net change (net tax effect $0, $156, and $221) Cash flow hedges: Change net unrealized gains (losses) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included net income Net change (net tax effect $247, $103, and $42) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY (In millions, except share amounts which are reflected thousands) Class and Class Common Stock, Class Capital Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2016 Cumulative effect accounting change Common and capital stock issued Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units Repurchases capital stock Sale interest consolidated entities Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2017 Cumulative effect accounting change Common and capital stock issued Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other Repurchases capital stock Sale interest consolidated entities Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2018 Cumulative effect accounting change Common and capital stock issued Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related vesting restricted stock units and other Repurchases capital stock Sale interest consolidated entities Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2019 See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS CASH FLOWS (In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Operating activities Net income Adjustments: Depreciation and impairment property and equipment Amortization and impairment intangible assets Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes (Gain) loss debt and equity securities, net Other Changes assets and liabilities, net effects acquisitions: Accounts receivable Income taxes, net Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued revenue share Deferred revenue Net cash provided operating activities Investing activities Purchases property and equipment Purchases marketable securities Maturities and sales marketable securities Purchases non-marketable investments Maturities and sales non-marketable investments Acquisitions, net cash acquired, and purchases intangible assets Proceeds from collection notes receivable Other investing activities Net cash used investing activities Financing activities Net payments related stock-based award activities Repurchases capital stock Proceeds from issuance debt, net costs Repayments debt Proceeds from sale interest consolidated entities Net cash used financing activities Effect exchange rate changes cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents beginning period Cash and cash equivalents end period Supplemental disclosures cash flow information Cash paid for taxes, net refunds See accompanying notes. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. NOTES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note Basis Consolidation Table Contents Alphabet Inc. individual customer groups affiliated customers represented more than 10% our revenues 2017 2018 2019 2017 2018 and 2019 generated approximately and our revenues, respectively, from customers based the U.S. are subject concentrations credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts, and accounts receivable. manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment our counterparty creditworthiness, credit limits and use collateral management. Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued foreign governments, debt instruments issued municipalities the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. perform ongoing evaluations determine customer credit and limit the amount credit extend. generally not require collateral from our customers. maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within our expectations. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. classify our non-marketable investments that not have stated contractual maturity dates, non-current assets the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our payment terms vary the type and location our customer and the products services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment due not significant. For certain products services and customer types, require payment before the products services are delivered the customer. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. years. depreciate information technology assets generally over periods three (specifically, for servers and three for network equipment). depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter the remaining lease term the estimated useful lives the assets. Construction progress the construction development property and equipment that have not yet been placed service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land not depreciated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. For the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately billion billion and billion respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. billion operating lease assets and billion operating lease liabilities and the de-recognition billion build-to-suit assets and liabilities upon adoption. applied Topic 842 all leases January 2019 with comparative periods continuing reported under Topic 840. the adoption Topic 842, carried forward the assessment from Topic 840 whether our contracts contain are leases, the classification our leases, and remaining lease terms. Our accounting for finance leases remains substantially unchanged. The standard did not have significant effect our consolidated results operations cash flows. See Note for further details. Prior Period Reclassifications Certain amounts prior periods have been reclassified conform with current period presentation. Hedging gains (losses), which were previously included Google revenues, are now reported separately component total revenues for all periods presented. See Note for further details. Additionally, performance fees have been reclassified for all periods from general and administrative expenses other income (expense), net align with the presentation the investment gains and losses which the performance fees are based. See Note for further details. Note YouTube ads (1) Google properties Google Network Members' properties Google advertising Google Cloud Google other (1) Google revenues Other Bets revenues Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues Table Contents Alphabet Inc. EMEA (1) APAC (1) Other Americas (1) Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues Table Contents Alphabet Inc. billion revenues recognized that were included the deferred revenue balance December 31, 2018 Additionally, have performance obligations associated with commitments customer contracts, primarily related Google Cloud, for future services that have not yet been recognized revenue. This includes related deferred revenue currently recorded and amounts that will invoiced future periods. December 31, 2019 the amount not yet recognized revenue from these commitments billion which reflects our assessment relevant contract terms. This amount excludes contracts (i) with original expected length one year less and (ii) contracts for which recognize revenue the amount which have the right invoice for services performed. expect recognize approximately two thirds over the next months with the remaining thereafter. However, the amount and timing revenue recognition largely driven customer utilization, which could impact our estimate the remaining amount commitments and when expect recognize such revenues. Sales Commissions generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year less. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. Note Government bonds Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Government bonds Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total determine realized gains losses the sale extinguishment debt securities specific identification method. recognized gross realized gains million billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. recognized gross realized losses million million and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. reflect these gains and losses component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. Due year through years Due years through years Due after years Total Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total December 31, 2019 Less than Months Months Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Government bonds Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Net unrealized gain (loss) equity securities held the end the period (1) Total gain (loss) recognized other income (expense), net billion and billion related non-marketable equity securities for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. the table above, net gain (loss) equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value the equity securities the beginning the period the purchase date, later. Cumulative net gains equity securities sold during the period, which summarized the following table (in millions), represents the total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date the equity security. While these net gains may have been reflected periods prior the period sale, believe they are important supplemental information they reflect the economic realized gain the securities sold during the period. Cumulative net gains calculated the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price for the equity security sold during the period. Total initial cost Cumulative net gains Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Cumulative net gain (1) Carrying value (1) Non-marketable securities cumulative net gain comprised billion unrealized gains and million unrealized losses (including impairment). December 31, 2019 Marketable Securities Non-Marketable Securities Total Total initial cost Cumulative net gain (1) Carrying value billion unrealized gains and million unrealized losses (including impairment). Marketable equity securities Marketable equity securities (1) Level Mutual funds Total Non-marketable equity securities Unrealized losses (including impairment) Total unrealized gain (loss) for non-marketable equity securities During the year ended December 31, 2019 included the billion non-marketable equity securities, billion were measured fair value primarily based observable market transactions, resulting net unrealized gain billion Table Contents Alphabet Inc. billion December 31, 2018 and 2019 Our share gains and losses including impairment are included component other income (expense), net, the Consolidated Statements Income. See Note for further details other income (expense), net. million and million respectively, which was included other current assets. Cash Flow Hedges use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised combination purchased and written options), designated cash flow hedges hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The notional principal these contracts was approximately billion and billion December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. These contracts have maturities months less. For forwards and option contracts, exclude the change the forward points and time value from our assessment hedge effectiveness. The initial value the excluded component amortized straight-line basis over the life the hedging instrument and recognized revenues. The difference between fair value changes the excluded component and the amount amortized revenues recorded AOCI. reflect the gains losses cash flow hedge included our hedge effective assessment component AOCI and subsequently reclassify these gains and losses revenues when the hedged transactions are recorded. the hedged transactions become probable not occurring, the corresponding amounts AOCI are immediately reclassified other income (expense), net. December 31, 2019 the net accumulated loss our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was million which million expected reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next months. Fair Value Hedges use forward contracts designated fair value hedges hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated currencies other than the U.S. dollar. exclude changes forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded component other income (expense), net. The notional principal these contracts was billion and million December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. Gains and losses these forward contracts are recognized other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses the related hedged items. Net Investment Hedges use forward contracts designated net investment hedges hedge the foreign currency risks related our investment foreign subsidiaries. exclude changes forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment hedge effectiveness. recognize changes the excluded component other income (expense), Table Contents Alphabet Inc. billion and billion December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. Gains and losses these forward contracts are recognized AOCI part the foreign currency translation adjustment. Other Derivatives Other derivatives not designated hedging instruments consist foreign currency forward contracts that use hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets liabilities denominated currencies other than the local currency subsidiary. recognize gains and losses these contracts, well the related costs other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses monetary assets and liabilities. The notional principal the outstanding foreign exchange contracts was billion and billion December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. Total Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current Total December 31, 2019 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives Designated Hedging Instruments Fair Value Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative Assets: Level Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-current assets Total Derivative Liabilities: Level Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current Total Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Derivatives Net Investment Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount included the assessment effectiveness Total Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Gains (Losses) Derivatives Cash Flow Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI income Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness recognized earnings based amortization approach Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Gains (Losses) Derivatives Fair Value Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Hedged items Derivatives designated hedging instruments Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Gains (Losses) Derivatives Net Investment Hedging Relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount excluded from the assessment effectiveness Gains (Losses) Derivatives Not Designated Hedging Instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Derivatives not designated hedging instruments Total gains (losses) Table Contents Alphabet Inc. (1) December 31, 2019 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Non-Cash Collateral Received Net Assets Exposed Derivatives (1) (2) December 31, 2019 Gross Amounts Not Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets, but Have Legal Rights Offset Gross Amounts Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Presented the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Non-Cash Collateral Pledged Net Liabilities Derivatives (2) Note Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost Table Contents Alphabet Inc. New operating lease assets obtained exchange for operating lease liabilities December 31, 2019 our operating leases had weighted average remaining lease term years and weighted average discount rate 2021 2022 2023 2024 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest Total lease liability balance December 31, 2019 have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments billion excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2020 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms years. Supplemental Information for Comparative Periods 2020 2021 2022 2023 Thereafter Total minimum payments Rent expense under operating leases was billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2018, respectively. Note For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available and their creditors not have recourse us. December 31, 2018 and 2019 assets that can only used settle obligations these VIEs were billion and billion respectively, and the liabilities for which creditors only have recourse the VIEs were million and billion respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. million fund the collaboration pursuant the agreement. December 31, 2019 Calico has contributed million and has committed additional million Calico has used its scientific expertise establish world-class research and development facility, with focus drug discovery and early drug development; and AbbVie provides scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise bring new discoveries market. Both companies share costs and profits for projects covered under this agreement equally. AbbVie's contribution has been recorded liability Calico's financial statements, which reduced and reflected reduction research and development expense eligible research and development costs are incurred Calico. December 31, 2019 have contributed million Calico exchange for Calico convertible preferred units and are committed fund additional million as-needed basis and subject certain conditions. Verily Verily life science and healthcare company with mission make the world's health data useful that people enjoy healthier lives. December 2018, Verily received million cash from billion investment round. The remaining million was received the first quarter 2019. December 31, 2019 Verily has received aggregate amount billion from sales equity securities external investors. These transactions were accounted for equity transactions and gain loss was recognized. the fourth quarter 2019, Verily obtained controlling financial interest Onduo, existing equity method investment. The transaction resulted million gain from the revaluation the previously held economic interest, which was recognized other income (expense), net. Unconsolidated VIEs Certain our non-marketable investments, including certain renewable energy investments accounted for under the equity method and certain other investments private companies, are VIEs. The renewable energy entities' activities involve power generation using renewable sources. Private companies that invest are primarily early stage companies. have determined that the governance structures these entities not allow direct the activities that would significantly affect their economic performance. Therefore, not consolidate these VIEs our consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure these unconsolidated VIEs generally based the current carrying value the investments and any future funding commitments. have determined that the single source our exposure these VIEs our capital investments them. The carrying value and maximum exposure these unconsolidated VIEs were not material December 31, 2018 and 2019 Note billion through the issuance commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. had commercial paper outstanding December 31, 2018 and 2019 Long-Term Debt Google issued billion senior unsecured notes tranches (collectively, 2011 Notes) May 2011, due 2014, 2016, and 2021, well billion senior unsecured notes (2014 Notes) February 2014 due 2024. April 2016, completed exchange offer with eligible holders Google&#8217;s 2011 Notes due 2021 and 2014 Notes due 2024 (collectively, the Google Notes). aggregate principal amount approximately billion the Google Notes was exchanged for approximately billion Alphabet notes with identical interest rate and maturity. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. gain loss recognized. August 2016, Alphabet issued billion senior unsecured notes (2016 Notes) due 2026. The net proceeds from the issuance the 2016 Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment outstanding commercial paper. The Alphabet notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 rank equally with each other and are structurally subordinate the outstanding Google Notes. 3.375% Notes due February 25, 2024 1.998% Notes due August 15, 2026 Unamortized discount for the Notes above Subtotal (1) Total future finance lease payments Less: imputed interest for finance leases Total long-term debt The effective interest yields based proceeds received from the outstanding notes due 2021, 2024, and 2026 were and respectively, with interest payable semi-annually. may redeem these notes any time whole part specified redemption prices. The total estimated fair value all outstanding notes was approximately billion and billion December 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. The fair value was determined based observable market prices identical instruments less active markets and categorized accordingly Level the fair value hierarchy. 2021 2022 2023 2024 Thereafter Total Credit Facility December 31, 2019 have billion revolving credit facilities which expire July 2023. The interest rate for the credit facilities determined based formula using certain market rates. amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities December 31, 2018 and 2019 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note Information technology assets Construction progress Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net December 31, 2018 and 2019, information technology assets and land and buildings under finance leases with cost basis million and billion respectively, were included property and equipment. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued customer liabilities Accrued purchases property and equipment Current operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2017 Cumulative effect accounting change Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2018 Cumulative effect accounting change Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts excluded from the assessment hedge effectiveness recorded AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance December 31, 2019 Benefit (provision) for income taxes Net tax Unrealized gains (losses) cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Benefit (provision) for income taxes Net tax Total amount reclassified, net tax Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Interest expense (1) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net (2) Gain (loss) debt securities, net (3) Gain (loss) equity securities, net Performance fees (4) Gain (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net Other Other income (expense), net (1) Interest expense net interest capitalized million million and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. (2) Our foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net, are related the option premium costs and forwards points for our foreign currency hedging contracts, our foreign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion the transaction currency the functional currency, offset the foreign currency hedging contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were million million and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. (3) During the year ended December 31, 2018, the terms non-marketable debt security were modified resulting unrealized billion gain. Note billion with integration pending approval from regulatory review. The addition Looker Google Cloud expected help customers accelerate how they analyze data, deliver business intelligence, and build data-driven applications. The fair value assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded based preliminary valuation and our estimates and assumptions are subject change within the measurement period. The billion purchase price includes our previously held equity interest and excludes post acquisition compensation arrangements. aggregate, million was cash acquired, million was attributed intangible assets, billion goodwill and million net assets acquired Goodwill was recorded the Google segment and primarily attributable synergies expected arise after the acquisition. Goodwill not expected deductible for tax purposes. Other Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2019 completed other acquisitions and purchases intangible assets for total consideration approximately billion aggregate, million was cash acquired, million was attributed intangible assets, million goodwill and million net liabilities assumed These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth our offerings and expand our expertise engineering and other functional areas. Pro forma results operations for these acquisitions, including Looker, have not been presented because they are not material the consolidated results operations, either individually the aggregate. For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2019 patents and developed technology have weighted-average useful life years, customer relationships have weighted-average useful life years, and trade names and other have weighted-average useful life years. Pending Acquisition Fitbit November 2019, entered into agreement acquire Fitbit, leading wearables brand, for per share, representing total purchase price approximately billion the date the agreement. The acquisition Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note Acquisitions Transfers Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2018 Acquisitions Transfers Foreign currency translation and other adjustments Balance December 31, 2019 Other Intangible Assets Customer relationships Trade names and other Total December 31, 2019 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Patents and developed technology Customer relationships Trade names and other Total Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives years, years, and years, respectively. Amortization expense relating purchased intangible assets was million million and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. 2021 2022 2023 2024 Thereafter Note 10. billion other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related data center operations and build-outs, digital media content licensing, and purchases inventory. Indemnifications the normal course business, facilitate transactions our services and products, indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network Members, customers Google Cloud offerings, and lessors with respect certain matters. have agreed hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from breach representations covenants, out intellectual property infringement other claims made against certain parties. Several these agreements limit the time within which indemnification claim can made and the amount the claim. addition, have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations our agents. not possible make reasonable estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due the unique facts and circumstances involved each particular agreement. Additionally, have limited history prior indemnification claims and the payments have made under such agreements have not had material adverse effect our results operations, cash flows, financial position. However, the extent that valid indemnification claims arise the future, future payments could significant and could have material adverse effect our results operations cash flows particular period. December 31, 2019 did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable reasonably possible. Legal Matters Antitrust Investigations November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us. June 27, 2017, the announced its decision that certain actions taken Google regarding its display and ranking shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364; billion billion June 27, 2017) fine. September 11, 2017, appealed the decision and September 27, 2017, implemented product changes bring shopping ads into compliance with the EC's decision. recognized charge billion for the fine the second quarter 2017. July 18, 2018, the announced its decision that certain provisions Google&#8217;s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The decision imposed &#8364; billion billion June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination the conduct issue. October 2018, appealed the decision. October 29, 2018, implemented changes certain our Android distribution practices. recognized charge billion for the fine the second quarter 2018. March 20, 2019, the announced its decision that certain contractual provisions agreements that Google had with AdSense for Search partners infringed European competition law. The decision imposed fine &#8364; billion billion March 20, 2019) and directed actions related AdSense for Search agreements, which implemented prior the decision. June 2019, appealed the decision. recognized charge billion for the fine the first quarter 2019. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note 11. million shares convertible preferred stock, par value, issuable series. December 31, 2018 and 2019 shares were issued outstanding. Class and Class Common Stock and Class Capital Stock Our board directors has authorized classes stock, Class and Class common stock, and Class capital stock. The rights the holders each class our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect voting. Each share Class common stock entitled vote per share. Each share Class common stock entitled votes per share. Class capital stock has voting rights, except required applicable law. Shares Class common stock may converted any time the option the stockholder and automatically convert upon sale transfer Class common stock. Share Repurchases January 2018, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase billion its Class capital stock. January and July 2019, the board directors Alphabet authorized the company repurchase additional billion and billion its Class capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant the January 2018 and January 2019 authorizations were completed 2019. The repurchases are being executed from time time, subject general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have expiration date. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 repurchased and subsequently retired million shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount billion and million shares Alphabet Class capital stock for aggregate amount billion respectively. Note 12. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share Year Ended December 31, 2019 Class Class Class Basic net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings Denominator Number shares used per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation undistributed earnings for basic computation Reallocation undistributed earnings result conversion Class Class shares Reallocation undistributed earnings Allocation undistributed earnings Denominator Number shares used basic computation Weighted-average effect dilutive securities Add: Conversion Class Class common shares outstanding Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number shares used per share computation Diluted net income per share Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note 13. years. RSUs granted participants under the 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over contingent upon employment service with the vesting date. December 31, 2019 there were shares stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan. Additionally, have stock-based awards that may settled the stock certain our Other Bets. Stock-Based Compensation For the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 total stock-based compensation expense was billion billion and billion including amounts associated with awards expect settle Alphabet stock billion billion and billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 recognized tax benefits total stock-based compensation expense, which are reflected the provision for income taxes the Consolidated Statements Income, billion billion and billion respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 tax benefit realized related awards vested exercised during the period was billion billion and billion respectively. These amounts not include the indirect effects stock-based awards, which primarily relate the research and development tax credit. Stock-Based Award Activities Granted Vested Forfeited/canceled Unvested December 31, 2019 The weighted-average grant-date fair value RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 was and respectively. Total fair value RSUs, their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 were billion billion and billion respectively. December 31, 2019 there was billion unrecognized compensation cost related unvested employee RSUs. This amount expected recognized over weighted-average period years 401(k) Plans have 401(k) Savings Plans that qualify deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) the Internal Revenue Code. Under these 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount the employees&#8217; contributions subject certain limitations. recognized expense approximately million million and million for the years ended December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Note 14. Foreign operations Total Foreign Total Deferred: Federal and state Foreign Total Provision for income taxes The Tax Act enacted December 22, 2017 introduced significant changes U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduced the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% 21% and created new taxes certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments. Due the timing the enactment and the complexity involved applying the provisions the Tax Act, made reasonable estimates the effects and recorded provisional amounts our consolidated financial statements December 31, 2017. collected and prepared necessary data, and interpreted the additional guidance issued the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, made adjustments, over the course 2018, the provisional amounts including refinements deferred taxes. The accounting for the tax effects the Tax Act was completed December 31, 2018. Transition tax The Tax Act required pay U.S. income taxes accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject U.S. income tax rate 15.5% the extent foreign cash and certain other net current assets and the remaining earnings. recorded provisional amount for our transitional tax liability and income tax expense billion December 31, 2017. Subsequent adjustments 2018 and 2019 were not material. Deferred tax effects Due the change the statutory tax rate from the Tax Act, remeasured our deferred taxes December 31, 2017 reflect the reduced rate that will apply future periods when these deferred taxes are settled realized. recognized deferred tax benefit million reflect the reduced U.S. tax rate and other effects the Tax Act December 31, 2017. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Foreign income taxed different rates Effect the Tax Act Transition tax Deferred tax effects Federal research credit Stock-based compensation expense European Commission fines Deferred tax asset valuation allowance State and local income taxes Other adjustments Effective tax rate Our effective tax rate for each the years presented was affected earnings realized foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lower than the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all the income from foreign operations was earned Irish subsidiary. Beginning 2018, earnings realized foreign jurisdictions are subject U.S. tax accordance with the Tax Act. July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, opinion Altera Corp. Commissioner, invalidated the portion the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants cost sharing arrangement share stock-based compensation costs. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision December 28, 2015. result that decision, recorded tax benefit related the anticipated reimbursement cost share payment for previously shared stock-based compensation costs. June 2019, the United States Court Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the 2015 Tax Court decision Altera Corp. Commissioner, and upheld the portion the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants cost sharing arrangement share stock-based compensation costs. result the Ninth Circuit court decision, our cumulative net tax benefit million related previously shared stock-based compensation costs was reversed the year ended December 31, 2019. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Accrued employee benefits Accruals and reserves not currently deductible Tax credits Basis difference investment Arris Prepaid cost sharing Net operating losses Operating leases Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets net valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment, net Renewable energy investments Foreign Earnings Net investment gains Operating leases Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) December 31, 2019 our federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately billion billion and billion respectively. not utilized, the federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2021 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expire 2020. more likely than not that certain net operating loss carryforwards will not realized; therefore, have recorded valuation allowance against them. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject various annual limitations under the tax laws the different jurisdictions. December 31, 2019 our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately billion that can carried over indefinitely. believe the state tax credit not likely realized. December 31, 2019 maintained valuation allowance with respect California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operating losses, certain state tax credits and certain foreign net operating losses that believe are not likely realized. Due gains from equity securities recognized, released the valuation allowance 2018 against the deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis difference our investments Arris shares received from the sale the Motorola Home business Arris 2013. continue reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly and future evidence allows for partial full release the valuation allowance, tax benefit will recorded accordingly. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Increases related prior year tax positions Decreases related prior year tax positions Decreases related settlement with tax authorities Increases related current year tax positions Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits The total amount gross unrecognized tax benefits was billion billion and billion December 31, 2017 2018 and 2019 respectively, which, billion billion and billion recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. The decrease gross unrecognized tax benefits 2017 and 2019 was primarily result the resolution multi-year audits. December 31, 2018 and 2019 had accrued million and million interest and penalties provision for income taxes, respectively. file income tax returns the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions, our major tax jurisdictions are the U.S. federal and Ireland. are subject the continuous examination our income tax returns the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS completed its examination through our 2015 tax years; all issues have been concluded and the IRS will commence its examination our 2016 through 2018 tax returns. have also received tax assessments multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments permanent establishment. continue defend any and all such claims presented. The tax years 2011 through 2018 remain subject examination the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There are other ongoing audits various other jurisdictions that are not material our financial statements. regularly assess the likelihood adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations determine the adequacy our provision for income taxes. continue monitor the progress ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, any, the expected expiration the statute limitations various taxing jurisdictions. believe that adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome tax audits cannot predicted with certainty. any issues addressed our tax audits are resolved manner not consistent with management's expectations, could required adjust our provision for income taxes the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing resolution, settlement, and closure audits not certain, not believe reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change the next months. Note 15. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other Bets Hedging gains (losses) Total revenues Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Operating income (loss): Google Other Bets Reconciling items (1) Total income from operations (1) Reconciling items are generally comprised corporate administrative costs, hedging gains (losses) and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated individual segments. Reconciling items include European Commission fines for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, and charge from legal settlement for the year ended December 31, 2019. Performance fees previously included reconciling items were reclassified for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 from general and administrative expenses other income (expense), net conform with current period presentation. For further information the reclassification, see Note Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Capital expenditures: Google Other Bets Reconciling items (2) Total capital expenditures presented the Consolidated Statements Cash Flows (2) Reconciling items are related timing differences payments segment capital expenditures are accrual basis while total capital expenditures shown the Consolidated Statements Cash Flow are cash basis and other miscellaneous differences. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Other Bets Reconciling items (3) Total stock-based compensation (4) Depreciation, amortization, and impairment: Google Other Bets Reconciling items (3) Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment (3) Reconciling items relate corporate administrative and other costs that are not allocated individual segments. International Total long-lived assets For revenues geography, see Note Table Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, the end the period covered this Annual Report Form 10-K. Based this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, December 31, 2019 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed reasonable assurance level and are effective provide reasonable assurance that information are required disclose reports that file submit under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms, and that such information accumulated and communicated our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, appropriate, allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes Internal Control over Financial Reporting rely extensively information systems manage our business and summarize and report operating results. 2019, began multi-year implementation new global enterprise resource planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system, which will replace much our existing core financial systems. The ERP system designed accurately maintain the Company&#8217;s financial records, enhance the flow financial information, improve data management and provide timely information the Company&#8217;s management team. The implementation expected occur phases over the next several years, with initial changes our general ledger and consolidated financial reporting take place 2020. There have been changes our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 that have materially affected, are reasonably likely materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, the phased implementation the new ERP system continues, will change our processes and procedures which, turn, could result changes our internal control over financial reporting. such changes occur, will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Management&#8217;s Report Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, defined Rule 13a-15(f) the Exchange Act. Our management conducted evaluation the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based the framework Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued the Committee Sponsoring Organizations the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective December 31, 2019 Management reviewed the results its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting December 31, 2019 has been audited Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, stated its report which included Item this Annual Report Form 10-K. Limitations Effectiveness Controls and Procedures designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance achieving the desired control objectives. addition, the design disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management required apply its judgment evaluating the benefits possible controls and procedures relative their costs. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8221; our Proxy Statement for 2020 Annual Meeting Stockholders filed with the SEC within 120 days the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 2020 Proxy Statement) and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Director Compensation,&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; the 2020 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Common Stock Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#8221; and &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; the 2020 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required this item will included under the captions &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance&#8212;Corporate Governance and Board Matters&#8212;Director Independence&#8221; the 2020 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required this item will included under the caption &#8220;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; the 2020 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein reference. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. PART ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES have filed the following documents part this Annual Report Form 10-K: Consolidated Financial Statements Reports Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements Income Consolidated Statements Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements Stockholders&#8217; Equity Consolidated Statements Cash Flows Notes Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statement Schedules Year ended December 31, 2018 Year ended December 31, 2019 Note: Additions the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged expense. Additions the allowance for sales credits are charged against revenues. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, the required information otherwise included. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 2.01 Agreement and Plan Merger, dated October 2015, and among Google Inc., the Registrant and Maple Technologies Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate Incorporation the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws the Registrant, dated October 2015 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.01 Specimen Class Common Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.02 Specimen Class Capital Stock certificate Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.03 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.04 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Larry Page and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 4.05 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Sergey Brin and certain his affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.06 Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated October 2015, between the Registrant and Eric Schmidt and certain its affiliates Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.07 Class Undertaking, dated October 2015, executed the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 4.08 Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., Trustee Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209510) February 12, 2016 4.09 Registrant Registration Rights Agreement dated December 14, 2015 Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-209518) February 12, 2016 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 27, 2016, between the Registrant and The Bank New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) April 27, 2016 4.11 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.625% Notes due 2021 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.12 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 3.375% Notes due 2024 (included Exhibit 4.10) 4.13 Form the Registrant&#8217;s 1.998% Note due 2026 Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) August 2016 4.14 Description Registrant&#8217;s Securities 10.01 Form Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant, its affiliates and its directors and officers Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.02 Letter Agreement, dated April 24, 2019, between Robin Washington and Alphabet Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) April 30, 2019 10.03 Letter Agreement, dated December 2019, between Frances Arnold and Alphabet Inc. Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) December 2019 10.04 Compensation Plan Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.05 Director Arrangements Agreement, dated October 2015, between Google Inc. and the Registrant Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.06 Alphabet Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) October 2015 10.07 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, amended Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 000-50726) June 2011 10.07.1 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Stock Option Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.07.2 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Form Google Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 000-50726) March 30, 2005 10.07.3 Google Inc. 2004 Stock Plan Amendment Stock Option Agreements Registration Statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-142243) April 20, 2007 10.08 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) June 21, 2019 Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 10.08.1 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan Form Alphabet Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 10.08.2 Alphabet Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan Performance Stock Unit Agreement 10.09 Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-181661) May 24, 2012 10.10 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 10.10.1 Apigee Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Registration Statement Form S-8 (File No. 333-214573) November 10, 2016 14.01 Code Conduct the Registrant amended September 21, 2017 Annual Report Form 10-K (File No. 001-37580) February 2018 21.01 Subsidiaries the Registrant 23.01 Consent Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.01 Power Attorney (incorporated reference the signature page this Annual Report Form 10-K) 31.01 Certification Chief Executive Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 31.02 Certification Chief Financial Officer pursuant Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 32.01 &#8225; Certifications Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 99.01 AdSense for Search Decision Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) March 20, 2019 99.02 Press Release regarding Alphabet Management Change Current Report Form 8-K (File No. 001-37580) December 2019 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated reference herein Form Date 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted Inline XBRL and contained Exhibit 101) _________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, arrangement. Filed herewith. &#8225; Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant the requirements Section 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report Form 10-K signed its behalf the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 2020 ALPHABET INC. By: UNDAR ICHAI Sundar Pichai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer the Registrant) POWER ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sundar Pichai and Ruth Porat, jointly and severally, his her attorney-in-fact, with the power substitution, for him her any and all capacities, sign any amendments this Annual Report Form 10-K and file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, his her substitute substitutes, may cause done virtue hereof. Pursuant the requirements the Securities Exchange Act 1934, this Annual Report Form 10-K has been signed below the following persons behalf the Registrant and the capacities and the dates indicated. Table Contents Alphabet Inc. Signature Title Date UNDAR ICHAI Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2020 Sundar Pichai UTH ORAT Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2020 Ruth Porat MIE HUENER O'T OOLE Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 2020 Amie Thuener O'Toole RANCES RNOLD Director February 2020 Frances Arnold ERGEY RIN Co-Founder and Director February 2020 Sergey Brin OHN OERR Director February 2020 John Doerr OGER ERGUSON, Director February 2020 Roger Ferguson, Jr. /S/ OHN ENNESSY Director, Chair February 2020 John Hennessy ATHER Director February 2020 Ann Mather LAN ULALLY Director February 2020 Alan Mulally ARRY AGE Co-Founder and Director February 2020 Larry Page HRIRAM Director February 2020 Ram Shriram Robin Washington Director February 2020 Robin Washington