€ Halma
                                                         Halma plc
                                            HALF YEAR RESULTS 2023/24
                     Record first half results and continued dividend growth

Halma, the global group of life-saving technology companies focused on growing a safer, cleaner, healthier
future for everyone, every day, today announces results for the 6 months to 30 September 2023.



Highlights

“Halma made good progress in the first half. The Group performance reflects the strength we derive from our Sustainable
Growth Model and the long-term growth drivers that underpin our diverse portfolio. These enabled us to deliver record
revenue,   profit and dividend, while further enhancing our growth opportunities through increased strategic investment,
supported by a strong cash flow performance and continued balance sheet strength. We remain on track to make further
progress in the second half of the year.” Marc Ronchetti, Group Chief Executive.



                                                                          Change               2023/24                 2022/23



Revenue                                                                       +9%             £950.5m              £875.5m

Adjusted’ Earnings before Interest and Taxation (EBIT)                         +7%            £189.9m                  £177.9m

Adjusted’ Profit before Taxation                                              +3%              £177.5m                 £171.7m

Adjusted Earnings per Share?                                                  +4%               36.90p                  35.65p


Statutory Earnings before Interest and Taxation                                +7%             £162.6m                 £151.7m

Statutory Profit before Taxation                                              +3%              £150.2m                 £145.5m

Statutory Earnings per Share                                                  +3%                31.39p                 30.39p

Interim Dividend per Share®                                                    +7%                   8.41p               7.86p


Adjusted’ EBIT margin                                                      (30) bps              20.0%                  20.3%

Return on Sales*                                                           (90) bps              18.7%                  19.6%

Return on Total Invested Capital>                                          (60) bps              13.2%                  13.8%



           Record revenue and profit:
             o   Revenue +9%; organic constant currency® (OCCY) revenue +5%;
             o   Adjusted! Profit before Taxation +3%; OCCY? in line with first half of last year;
             o   Statutory Profit before Taxation +3%.


           Healthy contribution from recent acquisitions’, adding over 5% to revenue and profit growth.


           Adjusted! EBIT margin resilient at 20.0% (2022/23: 20.3%).


           Return on Sales* of 18.7% (2022/23: 19.6%): principally reflecting higher net finance expense; compares to
           strong performance, above pre-COVID level, in 2022/23 first half.


           Continued strategic investment to support future growth:
             o   R&D investment up 5% to £52m, representing 5.5% of revenue;
             o   Five acquisitions completed in financial year to date (three in first half) for £126m maximum total
                 consideration; healthy pipeline of potential acquisitions.


           Strong cash performance; continued balance sheet strength: cash conversion? of 96% (2022/23: 63%),
           above 90% target; net debt/EBITDA 1.4 times, within operating range of up to 2 times.


           Revenue growth in all sectors:
             o   Safety: continued strong progress including good OCCY® growth and healthy acquisition contribution;
             o   Environmental & Analysis: good reported and OCCY° growth; includes very strong growth in photonics
                 and water, partly offset by weaker trends in spectroscopy;
             o   Healthcare: modest reported growth; flat OCCY® revenue reflects strong growth in sensors & analytics
                 and ophthalmology therapeutics, offset by continuing OEM customer destocking, especially in Life
                 Sciences, and budgetary caution at healthcare providers.


           Adjusted! EBIT margin increase in Safety and Healthcare sectors; lower Environmental & Analysis margin
           mainly reflects reduction in higher margin spectroscopy revenue.
    Highlights continued

      e     Revenue growth in all regions except Asia Pacific: strong growth in largest regions of USA and Mainland
            Europe; Asia Pacific mainly reflects weaker China trends.


      e   = Interim dividend +7%: reflects the Board’s continued confidence in the Group’s growth prospects in a
            continued uncertain environment.


Marc Ronchetti, Group Chief Executive of Halma, commented:


“Halma made good progress in the first half. The Group’s performance reflects the strength we derive from our
Sustainable Growth Model and the long-term growth drivers that underpin our diverse portfolio. These enabled us to
deliver record revenue, profit and dividend, while further enhancing our growth opportunities through increased
strategic investment, supported by a strong cash flow performance and continued balance sheet strength.


The current operating environment presents both challenges and opportunities. Our continued success in current varied
market conditions is enabled by our Sustainable Growth Model. We benefit from our focus on markets aligned to our
purpose, which present substantial opportunities for growth underpinned by resilient, long-term growth drivers; from
the portfolio and geographic diversity of our businesses; from our talented people and our collaborative and
entrepreneurial culture; from the agility of our business model; and from the strength of our sustainable financial
model.


We remain on track to make further progress in the second half of the year and to deliver good organic constant
currency® revenue growth in the full year to March 2024. Group order intake remains ahead of the comparable period
last year and close to revenue in the year to date. Our current expectation is for full year 2024 Adjusted! Profit before
Taxation to be in line with analyst consensus expectations”®.”

Notes:


1          Adjusted to remove the amortisation of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs; and profit or
           (loss) on disposal of operations, totalling £27.3m (2022/23: £26.2m). See note 2 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements for
           details.


2          Adjusted to remove the amortisation of acquired intangible assets, acquisition items, significant restructuring costs, profit or (loss)
           on disposal of operations and the associated taxation thereon. See note 2 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements for
           details.


3          Interim dividend declared per share.


4          Return on Sales is defined as Adjusted’ Profit before Taxation from continuing operations expressed as a percentage of revenue from
           continuing operations.


5          Return on Total Invested Capital (ROTIC) is defined as post-tax Adjusted! Profit as a percentage of average Total Invested Capital.
           See note 9 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details.


6          Organic constant currency (OCCY) measures exclude the effect of movements in foreign exchange rates on the translation of
           revenue and Adjusted! Profit into Sterling, as well as acquisitions in the year following completion and disposals. See note 9 to the
           Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details.


7          Net of disposals. The contribution to revenue or profit (as appropriate) from acquisitions made in the 12 months to 30 September
           2023, less the effect on these measures from disposals made in the same period.


8          Adjusted’ Earnings before Interest and Taxation, Adjusted! Profit before Taxation, Adjusted? Earnings per Share, organic growth rates,
           Return on Sales, ROTIC and net debt are alternative performance measures used by management. See notes 2, 6 and 9 to the
           Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details.


9          Cash conversion is defined as adjusted operating cash flow as a percentage of adjusted operating profit. See note 9 to the
           Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details.


10         Consensus available at www.halma.com, based on an aggregation of publicly available forecasts, collated from eleven research
           analysts in the period 4 October 2023 to 11 October 2023 is for Adjusted’ Profit before Taxation of £389.0m in the full year to end
           March 2024, with a range of £377.4m to £396.2m.
  Highlights continued

For further information, please contact:


 Halma ple                                                                  +44 (0)1494 721111
 Marc Ronchetti, Group Chief Executive
 Steve Gunning, Chief Financial Officer


 Charles King, Head of Investor Relations                                   +44 (0)7776 685948
 Clayton Hirst, Director of Corporate Affairs                               +44 (0)7384 796013


 MHP Group
 Oliver Hughes/Rachel Farrington/Ollie Hoare                                +44 (0)20 3128 8100



 A copy of this announcement, together with other information about Halma, may be viewed on its website:
 www.halma.com. The webcast of the results presentation will be available on the Halma website later today:
 www.halma.com



 NOTE TO EDITORS



 1.   Halma is a global group of life-saving technology companies, focused on growing a safer, cleaner, healthier future for
      everyone, every day. Its purpose defines the three broad markets it operates in:


      e   Safety                                 Protecting people's safety and the environment as populations grow, and
                                                 enhancing worker safety.


      e   =Environment                           Addressing the impacts of climate change, pollution and waste, protecting
                                                 life-critical resources and supporting scientific research.


      e   Health                                 Meeting the increasing demand for better healthcare as chronic illness rises,
                                                 driven by growing and ageing populations and lifestyle changes.




      It employs over 8,000 people in more than 20 countries, with major operations in the UK, Mainland Europe, the USA and
      Asia Pacific. Halma is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LON: HLMA) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index.


      Halma has been named one of Britain's Most Admired Companies for the past five years.


 2.   You can view or download copies of this announcement and our latest Annual Report from the website at
      www.halma.com, or request free printed copies of our Annual Report by contacting halma@halma.com.


 3.   This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements which have been made by the Directors in good faith
      using information available up until the date they approved the announcement. Forward-looking statements should be
      regarded with caution as by their nature such statements involve risk and uncertainties relating to events and
      circumstances that may occur in the future. Actual results may differ from those expressed in such statements, depending
      on the outcome of these uncertain future events.
Review of Operations


Halma made further progress in the first half of the year, achieving record results in an operating environment which,
while it presents significant opportunities for future growth, also remains challenging and volatile.


Our continued success in these varied market conditions is enabled by our Sustainable Growth Model and by the diversity
of our portfolio, and is underpinned by the long-term growth drivers in our companies’ markets. The key elements of our
Sustainable Growth Model are unchanged: a strong purpose which unites our people in tackling some of the largest and
most important issues facing the planet today; an operating model which allows our companies to respond rapidly to
opportunities and changes in their individual markets; a culture that encourages supportive collaboration and
entrepreneurialism; and a sustainable financial model that allows for continued investment, both organically and by
acquisition, in growth opportunities and to maintain our geographic and portfolio diversity.


The Sustainable Growth Model also allows us to evolve continuously in response to changing circumstances and to
emphasise specific elements which have particular immediate relevance. In the current environment, we have focused on
maximising the ability of our companies to address both the very substantial opportunities for growth that their markets
offer, and the challenges that are presented by the wider operating environment. We have placed particular emphasis on
the value of collaboration and the network amongst our companies, recognising the substantial benefits of sharing
experience and capabilities, and on the autonomy of our companies to drive their own growth strategies. We are also
ensuring that our companies continue to receive the support they ask for from our central teams to grow sustainably,
with examples including help in recruiting and retaining talented people, in accessing new markets internationally, and in
expanding their growth opportunities and technological capabilities through bolt-on acquisitions.


Record first half results
In our full year results announcement in June, we set out four priorities:
    1.   ensuring our continued organic growth by our focus on delivering value-added products and solutions to our
         customers;

    2.   retaining our disciplined approach to inorganic growth in markets which are aligned with our purpose and which
         offer long-term growth and high returns;
    3.   ensuring we maintain the agility of our business model through our decentralised organisational structure and
         our entrepreneurial and collaborative culture; and
    4.   optimising the returns on the substantial investments we are making.


lam pleased to report that we made good progress in these areas in the first half of this year. Our companies’ agility has
enabled good organic revenue growth in varied market conditions. We have delivered a healthy contribution from
acquisitions, supported by the investments we have made in our M&A capabilities, our strong cash performance and the
strength of our balance sheet. Returns, although lower than in the first half of last year mainly as a result of higher
interest rates and lower organic constant currency! profit growth, remain high and well ahead of our cost of capital.


Revenue increased by 8.6%, to £950.5m (2022/23: £875.5m), which included revenue growth in all sectors, and in all
regions except Asia Pacific. We delivered good organic constant currency' growth of 5.4%. This included price increases
averaging around 2%, with a stronger contribution in the Safety sector which underpinned that sector’s margin in the
period. These price increases were supported by continued Group-wide investment in our products and services to ensure
they continue to address our customers’ needs and resulted in a stable gross margin at the Group level. There was a
healthy contribution to revenue growth from recent acquisitions (net of disposals)'of 5.3%. The appreciation of Sterling
resulted in a negative effect on revenue growth of 2.1%.


Adjusted' Earnings before Interest and Tax (Adjusted! EBIT) increased by 6.7% to £189.9m (2022/23: £177.9m) and the
Adjusted! EBIT margin was resilient at 20.0% (2022/23: 20.3%). This reflected the mix of sector performance as described
below.


Adjusted! Profit before Taxation was up 3.4% to £177.5m (2022/23: £171.7m), with acquisitions contributing 5.2% to
growth (net of disposals)'. There was a negative effect from currency of 1.8%. As a result, Adjusted! Profit before Taxation
onan organic constant currency' basis was unchanged. Return on Sales! was 18.7% (2022/23: 19.6%), with the movement
principally driven by the increase in net finance expense to £12.4m (2022/23: £6.2m) as a result of higher interest rates
and higher average levels of indebtedness following recent acquisition spend. This accounted for 60 basis points of the
change, with the remainder reflecting the Adjusted' EBIT margin movement.


Statutory Profit before Taxation increased by 3.2% to £150.2m (2022/23: £145.5m), in line with the change in Adjusted!
profit before taxation.


It is a strength of Halma’s business model that we are able to simultaneously deliver a strong operating performance and
maintain a strong balance sheet, while making substantial strategic investments to support our future growth. We further
increased organic investment in the first half, for example through a 4.9% increase in R&D expenditure to £52.0m,
representing 5.5% of Group revenue (2022/23: £49.6m; 5.7% of Group revenue).


We also further expanded our opportunities for growth in markets highly aligned to our purpose through investment in
acquisitions, with three acquisitions in the first half for an aggregate maximum total consideration of £79m on a cash-
and debt-free basis. We have made two further acquisitions following the period end, for an aggregate maximum total
consideration of approximately £47m, bringing the total in the year to date to approximately £126m. Details of these

                                                                 4
Review of Operations continued



acquisitions are given later in this review.


Cash conversion (adjusted operating cash flow as a percentage of adjusted operating profit - see note 9) was strong at
96%, a significant improvement compared to the 63% in the first half of last year, and above our cash conversion Key
Performance Indicator (KPI) of 90%. We maintained a strong balance sheet and ended the period with net debt of
£618.8m, equivalent to 1.4 times annualised Adjusted EBITDA (31 March 2023: net debt of £596.7m; 1.4 times Adjusted
EBITDA). The strength of our cash generation and our balance sheet underpin our ongoing investment in future organic
growth, provide substantial capacity for acquisitions, and support our progressive dividend policy.


Return on Total Invested Capital’ was 13.2% (2022/23: 13.8%), well above our KPI of 12% and our weighted average cost of
capital, which we estimate at approximately 9% (2022/23: 7%). The change from 13.8% in the comparative period mainly
reflects the effect of higher interest rates and the lower level of organic constant currency! profit growth in the period.


The Board has declared an increase of 7% in the interim dividend to 8.41p per share (2022/23: 7.86p per share). The
interim dividend will be paid on 2 February 2024 to shareholders on the register on 22 December 2023.


Broad-based organic constant currency’ revenue growth by region


External revenue by destination

                                                 Half year             Half year
                                                  2023/24               2022/23


                                                                                                           % organic
                                                                                                           growth at
                                                     % of                          Change             %     constant
                                           £m        total     £m % of total          £m        growth _ currency’
United States of America                402.0          42    364.2           42      37.8          10.4            9.6

Mainland Europe                         203.2          22    ~=170.5          19     32.7          19.2            9.2

United Kingdom                          143.6           15   137.2            16      6.4           4.7            3.1

Asia Pacific                             133.1          14   142.1            16     (9.0)         (6.3)          (6.6)

Other regions                            68.6            7    61.5             7       7.1         11.5            2.7

                                        950.5         100    875.5          100      75.0           8.6            5.4


Our growth in the period was broadly-based, and revenue grew in all regions except Asia Pacific, both on a reported and
organic constant currency! basis. Reported growth rates in each region were impacted to differing extents by acquisitions
(net of disposals), and effects from foreign currency translation.


The USA remains our largest sales destination and contributed 42% of total revenue. Revenue increased by 10.4% or 9.6%
onan organic constant currency' basis. Reported revenue included a contribution of 4.3% from recent acquisitions (net of
disposals), including IZI Medical, as well as a negative effect from currency translation, of 3.5%. On an organic constant
currency’ basis, the strongest growth was in the Environmental & Analysis sector, led by the Optical Analysis subsector,
where a very strong performance in Photonics more than offset a decline in Spectroscopy. The Safety sector delivered a
good organic constant currency’ performance, while Healthcare revenue was modestly lower on an organic constant
currency’ basis given destocking by OEM customers and budgetary caution at healthcare providers.

Mainland Europe revenue increased by 19.2%, or 9.2% on an organic constant currency' basis. All sectors grew revenue on
both a reported and organic constant currency! basis. There was an acquisition contribution (net of disposals) of 8.9%,
principally from last year’s acquisitions of FirePro and WEETECH in the Safety sector, and a positive effect from currency
translation of 1.1%. On an organic constant currency’ basis, there was good growth in Safety, the largest sector, and a
very strong performance in the Healthcare sector, driven by Ophthalmology within the Therapeutic Solutions subsector.
The Environmental & Analysis sector delivered a mixed performance by subsector, with growth in Water Analysis and
Treatment and Environmental Monitoring partially offset by a decline in Optical Analysis as a result of weaker trends in
Spectroscopy.


Revenue in the UK grew 4.7%, or 3.1% on an organic constant currency' basis. There was a small benefit of 1.6% from
acquisitions (net of disposals) in the period. Growth on an organic constant currency! basis was driven by the
Environmental & Analysis sector, principally as a result of a strong performance in the Water Analysis and Treatment
subsector. This was partly offset by a modest decline on an organic constant currency’ basis in the Safety sector, mainly
reflecting the end of a significant road safety contract in the UK.


Asia Pacific’s revenue was 6.3% lower, or 6.6% down on an organic constant currency! basis. Reported growth included a
5.1% benefit from acquisitions (net of disposals) and a negative effect from currency translation of 4.8%. The region's
organic constant currency! performance reflected weaker trends in China, as well as in a number of other smaller
Review of Operations continued



markets, partly offset by strong growth in Australasia. By sector, there was strong organic constant currency! growth in
Safety, driven by a very strong performance in Australasia, and including good growth in China reflecting recovery from
the effects of COVID lockdowns in the prior period. There was a very weak performance in Environmental & Analysis,
principally as a result of weakness in the Chinese spectroscopy market and a decline in the Environmental Monitoring
subsector in India and China. Healthcare revenues were also lower, reflecting weakness in Life Sciences OEM demand in
China.


Revenue in other regions, which represent 7% of Group revenue, grew by 11.5%, and by 2.7% on an organic constant
currency’ basis. Reported growth included a 10.3% benefit from acquisitions (net of disposals), mainly FirePro in the Safety
sector, and a negative effect from currency translation of 1.5%.


Sector revenue and Adjusted! Profit


External revenue by sector
                                        Half year          Half year
                                         2023/24            2022/23

                                                                                                               % organic
                                                                                                               growth at
                                                                              Change                   %        constant
                                               £m                   £m             £m            growth         currency’

Safety                                      400.7             355.4              45.3               12.7               6.5
Environmental & Analysis                     284.1            263.8              20.3                7.7              8.8

Healthcare                                   266.3            256.7                9.6               3.7               0.3

Inter-segmental revenue                       (0.6)                (0.4)          (0.2)

                                            950.5             875.5              75.0                8.6               5.4


Adjusted! Profit (EBIT) by sector
                                        Half year          Half year
                                         2023/24            2022/23

                                                                                                               % organic
                                                                                                               growth at
                                                                              Change                   %        constant
                                               £m                   £m             £m            growth         currency’

Safety                                        89.5                 79.4           14.1              18.7               6.9
Environmental & Analysis                      59.3                 65.4            (6.1)            (9.3)             (9.5)

Healthcare                                    62.4                 56.4            6.0              10.6               4.9

Sector profit? (EBIT)                         211.2            197.2              14.0               7.1               0.9



Central administration costs                  (21.3)           (19.3)             (2.0)

Net finance expense                           (12.4)               (6.2)          (6.2)

Adjusted’ Profit before Taxation             177.5             171.7               5.8               3.4                   -




Safety sector
Revenue increased by 12.7% to £400.7m (2022/23: £355.4m) and organic constant currency! revenue increased by 6.5%.
There was a positive contribution from acquisitions (net of disposals) of 8.0% and there was a negative effect from
currency translation of 1.8%. Growth was broadly spread, with the sector delivering revenue growth across its core
markets and regions.


There was strong growth in Industrial and Power Safety, supported by strong execution and good customer demand for
interlock and pressure management and safe storage technologies, and last year’s acquisition of WEETECH. Good organic
growth in Fire Safety was supported by demand for fire systems and specialist and wireless fire detection products; the
subsector’s reported revenue also benefited from the recent acquisitions of FirePro and Thermocable. Performance in
Urban Safety was more mixed, with good demand for elevator safety and emergency communications solutions in the
USA and United Kingdom, but a weaker performance in people and vehicle flow solutions reflecting order book
normalisation and the end of a significant road safety contract in the UK. Together, these resulted in a modest decline in
Urban Safety revenue overall.
Review of Operations continued



By region, there was strong growth in Mainland Europe, the sector’s largest region, and in Asia Pacific which included a
strong performance in Australia and also reflected recovery from lockdowns in China in the first half of last year. Both
regions benefited from recent acquisitions (WEETECH, FirePro, Thermocable and Lazer Safe). Good momentum in the USA
reflected growth across the sector, primarily in Fire Safety and elevator safety and emergency communications. UK
revenue growth was modest, and declined slightly on an organic constant currency’ basis, with a strong performance in
Industrial Safety offset by the end of the road safety contract referred to above. Revenue in other regions, which represent
9% of sector revenues, grew strongly, principally reflecting strong growth in safe storage and transfer solutions.


Adjusted Profit* was 18.7% higher at £89.5m (2022/23: £75.4m), and included 6.9% organic constant currency! growth, a
benefit of 13.8% from recent acquisitions (net of disposals), and a negative effect from currency translation of 2.0%. The
sector EBIT margin! increased to 22.3% (2022/23: 21.2%), reflecting good progress as expected in recovery from last year’s
supply chain challenges. R&D expenditure of £21.8m remained at a good level, which, with an increase in absolute
investment of £2.2m, represented 5.4% of revenue (2022/23: 5.5%).


Environmental & Analysis sector
Revenue increased by 7.7% to £284.1m (2022/23: £263.8m), comprising 8.8% organic constant currency! growth, a 1.7%
contribution from acquisitions (net of disposals), and a negative effect of 2.8% from currency translation.


There was very strong growth in the Photonics segment within the Optical Analysis subsector, reflecting continued
successful performance for a long-standing major technology customer. The Photonics segment is expected to benefit
from a further acceleration of demand for technologies that support the transformation of digital and data capabilities in
the second half of the year.


Within Optical Analysis, this strength in Photonics was partly offset by a weak performance in Spectroscopy, which saw a
substantial reduction in revenue as a result of declines in a number of end markets including biopharma (mainly as a
result of OEM destocking), and quality testing of semiconductors (particularly in the Chinese market) and consumer
electronics. These effects were amplified by disruption relating to the deployment of a new IT system in one Spectroscopy
company, which has since been stabilised.


There was strong growth in the Water Analysis and Treatment subsector, reflecting an increase in project tenders from UK
utilities for our water infrastructure businesses. There was, however, a modest revenue decline in our water testing and
disinfection companies, principally relating to products focused on consumer discretionary end markets. Environmental
Monitoring revenues were also modestly lower, mainly reflecting a strong comparative in the first half of the prior year,
which had benefited from a significant order from a major gas detection customer and substantial growth in the flow and
pressure control market in India.


Revenue by region reflected these trends. The sector’s largest region, the USA, which accounts for over half of sector
revenue, grew very strongly, driven by Photonics within Optical Analysis, while momentum in water infrastructure led
strong UK growth. Asia Pacific revenue saw a substantial decline, largely as a result of weakness in China and India. In
other smaller regions, there was modest growth in Europe, with good performance in most business segments partly
offset by a decline in spectroscopy markets.


Adjusted Profit? was 9.3% lower at £59.3m (2022/23: £65.4m) and 9.5% lower on an organic constant currency! basis.
There was a 2.0% contribution from acquisitions (net of disposals) and a negative effect of 1.8% from currency
translation. The sector EBIT margin' was 20.9%, compared to 24.8% in the prior period with the change reflecting a mix
effect from the revenue decline in the higher margin spectroscopy businesses. R&D expenditure of £13.0m was 4.6% of
sales (2022/23: 5.2%), with the change reflecting the change in the mix of sector revenues in the period.


Healthcare sector
Revenue increased by 3.7% to £266.3m (2022/23: £256.7m). Organic constant currency! revenue was 0.3% ahead of the
first half of last year. Acquisitions made a positive contribution of 5.3% to revenue, and there was a 1.9% negative impact
from currency translation.


There was a wide range of performance by subsector. The Therapeutics Solutions subsector performed well, driven by
strong growth in ophthalmology therapeutics, reflecting high surgical patient caseloads, and also benefiting from the
acquisition of IZI Medical in the prior year. This strong momentum was partly offset by OEM customer destocking and
budgetary caution at healthcare providers which had some effect on our acute therapeutics companies.


These factors also influenced the smaller Life Sciences subsector, which saw a substantial decline in revenues as OEM
customers managed the inventory of diagnostic devices built up to mitigate post-COVID supply chain disruptions. This
was compounded by global macroeconomic headwinds, and low demand in China where we have a significant Life
Sciences footprint.


Our Healthcare Assessment & Analytics subsector benefited from a strong recovery in sensors and analytics, reflecting
demand from healthcare providers for communication systems to improve efficiency and patient outcomes. This was
offset by a weaker performance in the patient assessment and ophthalmology diagnostics companies due to OEM
Review of Operations continued



customer destocking and healthcare budgetary restraint, resulting in Healthcare Assessment & Analytics revenue in line
with the first half of last year.


In terms of performance by geographic region, in the USA, the sector’s largest region, the mix of subsector performance
described above and the benefit from the acquisition of IZ| Medical resulted in modest growth overall. Mainland Europe
grew strongly, mainly reflecting the strong demand in ophthalmology therapeutics. The UK saw modest growth, broadly
in line with the sector. Asia Pacific revenue declined, principally reflecting its high Life Sciences exposure.


Adjusted Profit? increased by 10.6% to £62.4m (2022/23: £56.4m), and by 4.9% on an organic constant currency’ basis.
There was a 6.2% contribution from acquisitions (net of disposals) and a negative effect of 0.5% from currency
translation. The sector EBIT margin'increased to 23.4% (2022/23: 22.0%), principally reflecting a stronger gross margin
driven by favourable portfolio mix and ongoing pricing discipline. R&D spend was £17.1m, representing 6.4% of revenue
(2022/23: 6.3%), and reflecting continued healthy levels of new product development and investment by sector
companies.




Five acquisitions completed this financial year to date across all three sectors
We have completed five acquisitions in the year to date, for a maximum total consideration of approximately £126m on a
cash- and debt-free basis, three in the first half and two since the period end. Two were standalone companies within
their sectors, increasing our opportunities to supplement our organic growth, while three were bolt-on acquisitions made
by our companies to further expand their capabilities. The five acquisitions in the year to date were spread across all three
sectors and, by region, two of the companies acquired were based in Mainland Europe, and one each in the USA, the UK
and Asia Pacific.


We have a healthy pipeline of potential acquisitions across all three sectors, and continue to see good opportunities to
acquire small- to medium-sized businesses which are strongly aligned to our purpose of growing a safer, cleaner, healthier
future for everyone, every day.


In the first half, our Environmental & Analysis sector, we acquired Visual Imaging Resources LLC as a bolt-on to Minicam in
April and Sewertronics Sp. Z 0.0. as a standalone company in May; details of these acquisitions were previously reported in
our 2023 Annual Report and Accounts released in June. In August, we acquired Lazer Safe Pty. Ltd., an Australia-based
designer and manufacturer of safety solutions for industrial press brake applications, for AS45m (approximately £23m) on
a cash- and debt-free basis, as a standalone company within the Safety sector. Further details of acquisitions made in the
half year are given in note 10 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements.


Since the half year end, we acquired the Alpha Instrumatics Group and AprioMed AB. Alpha Instrumatics, a designer and
manufacturer of devices for high-precision measurement of trace moisture found in gases, was acquired for Alicat, one of
our Environmental & Analysis sector companies, for an initial cash consideration of £31m on a cash and debt free basis.
Additional earn-out consideration is payable in cash, based on its performance over each of the two financial years to 31
March 2025, up to an aggregate maximum of £5.5m.


In our Healthcare sector, we acquired AprioMed AB, a designer, manufacturer and distributor of medical devices used for
bone biopsies, as a bolt-on for IZ| Medical for SEK130m (approximately £10m) on a cash- and debt-free basis. This
acquisition expands IZI's offerings for minimally invasive procedures, complementing its products used to diagnose and
treat cancer.


We also announced after the half year end that PeriGen, our Healthcare sector company whose Al systems protect
mothers and babies during childbirth, had entered into a strategic partnership with, and invested US$2.5m
(approximately £2m) in, Bloomlife Inc,    a company focused on developing innovative solutions for maternal and foetal
health monitoring (see note 14 of the Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details).


We actively manage our portfolio of global businesses to ensure that it continues to deliver strong growth and returns and
is aligned with our purpose of growing a safer, cleaner, healthier future for everyone, every day. We made one small
disposal in the first half, of our 70% stake in FireMate Software Pty. Ltd. (FireMate), for a total consideration of AS6.2m
(£3.2m), of which A$2.1m (£1.1m) is deferred. A profit of £0.5m was recognised on the disposal. Halma has retained
FireMate's Nimbus digital solution that enables remote connectivity for fire and evacuation systems. See note 11 of the
Condensed Interim Financial Statements for details.


Further progress on sustainability
Sustainability has always been at the heart of our Sustainable Growth Model and our purpose. We are driving growth in
sustainability by encouraging our companies to target markets, products and applications in sustainable markets that
help our customers address their sustainability challenges, while supporting our people and protecting our environment by
addressing our direct and supply chain impacts.


In this half year, we relaunched our internal sustainability execution plan with refreshed requirements for our companies,
based on their size and their impacts, and a focus on embedding sustainability within existing processes, sectors and
functions. During our annual strategic review process, our sector teams continued to support their companies in
Review of Operations continued



identifying sustainability trends which will drive growth in their markets. Our companies will update their own
Sustainability Action Plans, which seek to protect their environment and support their people, as part of the budget
process during the second half of this year. We are supporting them by creating further shared resources on sustainability
topics and training and discussion opportunities for our Divisional Chief Executives and our company Managing Directors
and board members responsible for sustainability.


As part of our internal sustainability execution plan, we have now initiated the creation of Scope 3 decarbonisation plans,
focused initially on a small number of companies that represent a majority of our Scope 3 emissions. These will support
our work to set appropriate Scope 3 targets. At the Group level, we are embedding the assessment of wider potential
sustainability risks into our enterprise risk management system as a first step towards a fuller materiality assessment and
preparation for future reporting requirements.


Cash flow and funding
Cash conversion (adjusted operating cash flow as a percentage of adjusted operating profit - see note 9) in the first half
of the year was 96% (2022/23: 63%), above our annualised cash conversion KPI of 90%. This was principally because of a
reduced working capital outflow, given that the investment in inventory to support supply chain resilience in the prior half
year was not repeated in this period, and lower pension deficit reduction payments (See “Pensions update” below).


Dividend payments increased to £46.5m (2022/23: £43.6m), in line with expectations. Tax payments were also higher at
£45.5m, compared to £31.2m in the first half of 2022/23, reflecting the increase in the UK corporation tax rate to 25%
(19% for the year ended 31 March 2023) from 1 April 2023, and the timing of US tax deductions on R&D expenditure.


Expenditure on acquisitions, which includes debt acquired and settled on acquisition, acquisition costs and contingent
consideration for acquisitions made in prior years, totalled £65.5m (2022/23: £179.7m).


Capital expenditure (net of disposal proceeds) increased to £19.2m, compared to £15.6m in the first half of 2022/23. We
continue to expect capital expenditure for the full year to be around £40m.


Net debt at the end of the period was £618.8m (31 March 2023: £596.7m). Gearing (the ratio of net debt to annualised
EBITDA) at half year end was 1.4 times (31 March 2023: 1.4 times), within our typical operating range of up to two times.


Currency effects on reported revenue and profit
We report our results in Sterling with 48% of Group revenue denominated in US Dollars and 13% in Euros during the period.
Average exchange rates are used to translate results in the Income Statement. Sterling strengthened against the US
Dollar and the Euro during the first half of 2023/24. This resulted in a 2% negative currency translation effect on Group
revenue and profit in the first half of 2023/24 relative to 2022/23. If exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect a
further similar negative currency translation effect in the second half of 2023/24.


Pensions update
On an IAS 19 basis, the Group’s defined benefit pension plans at the half year end had a net surplus of £33.1m (31 March
2023: surplus of £37.9m) before the related deferred tax asset. The plans’ assets decreased due to market volatility, while
there was a smaller decrease in the plans’ liabilities due to an increase in the discount rate used to value those liabilities.
Together, these movements resulted in an overall decrease in the plans’ surplus.


The plans’ actuarial valuation reviews, rather than the accounting basis, determine any cash payments by the Group to
eliminate the deficit. Following a triennial actuarial valuation of the two UK pension plans in the 2021/22 financial year,
the cash contributions were agreed with the trustees aimed at eliminating the deficit. During the 2022/23 financial year
the aggregate payments made since the last triennial actuarial valuation, coupled with the performance of the plan
assets and movement in the liabilities resulted in the Halma Group Pension Plan being funded over the trustees’ secondary
funding target and close to the expected current valuation on a solvency basis. As a result, it has been agreed with the
trustees of the Halma Group Pension Plan that contributions will be suspended until 1 April 2025, when they will either fall
due or be superseded by cash contributions agreed with the trustees in respect of the latest triennial actuarial valuation.
We therefore expect the cash contributions in this regard for the two UK defined benefit plans in the 2023/24 financial
year to be of £3.6m. Together with contributions to smaller overseas defined benefit plans of £0.6m, this consistent with
our previous guidance of total contributions in the year of £4.2m.


Group effective tax rate higher as expected
The Group has major operating subsidiaries in     a number of countries and the Group's effective tax rate is a blend of these
national tax rates applied to locally generated profits.


The Group’s effective tax rate on Adjusted! Profit was 21.5% (six months to 30 September 2022: 21.5%; year to 31 March
2023: 20.2%). The rate is higher than the prior full year rate, as expected, principally due to the increase in the UK
corporation tax rate to 25% (19% for the year ended 31 March 2023) from 1 April 2023.


On 2 April 2019, the European Commission (EC) published its final decision that the UK controlled Finance Company
Partial Exemption (FCPE) constituted State Aid. In common with many other UK companies, Halma has benefited from
Review of Operations continued



the FCPE and had appealed against the European Commission's decision, as had the UK Government. The EU General
Court delivered its decision on 8 June 2022. The ruling was in favour of the European Commission but in August 2022 the
UK Government and the taxpayer appealed this decision. Following receipt of charging notices from HM Revenue &
Customs (HMRC) we made a payment in February 2021 of £13.9m to HMRC in respect of tax, and in May 2021 made a
further payment of approximately £0.8m in respect of interest.


Whilst the EU General Court was in favour of the EC, our assessment is that there are strong grounds for appeal and we
would expect such appeals to be successful. As the amounts paid are expected to be fully recovered, we continue to
recognise a receivable of £14.7m within non-current assets in the balance sheet.


Principal risks and uncertainties
A number of potential risks and uncertainties exist, which could have a material impact on the Group’s performance over
the second half of the financial year and thereby cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical
results.


The Group has processes in place for identifying, evaluating and managing risk. As part of these processes, we are closely
monitoring and assessing the potential effects on revenue, costs and working capital from macroeconomic and
geopolitical volatility. We expect that our companies’ agility, and the support they receive from across the Group to share
best practice in addressing these challenges, will continue to mitigate any potential material effects.


Our principal risks, together with a description of our approach to mitigating them, are set out on pages 91 to 97 of the
Annual Report and Accounts 2023, which is available on the Group’s website at www.halma.com. See note 16 to the
Condensed Interim Financial Statements for further details.


Going concern
After conducting a review of the Group’s business activities, financial position and main trends and factors likely to affect
its future development, performance and position, and considering potential scenarios and principal risks, the Directors
believe, at the time of approving the financial statements, that the Company is well placed to manage its business risks
successfully and remains a going concern. For this reason they deem it appropriate to continue to adopt the going
concern basis of accounting for at least the next 12-month period. Further information is available in the statement
headed “Going concern” within note 1 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements.


Summary and Outlook
Halma made good progress in the first half. The Group’s performance reflects the strength we derive from our Sustainable
Growth Model and the long-term growth drivers that underpin our diverse portfolio. These enabled us to deliver record
revenue, profit and dividend, while further enhancing our growth opportunities through increased strategic investment,
supported by a strong cash flow performance and continued balance sheet strength.


The current operating environment presents both challenges and opportunities. Our continued success in current varied
market conditions is enabled by our Sustainable Growth Model. We benefit from our focus on markets aligned to our
purpose, which present substantial opportunities for growth underpinned by resilient, long-term growth drivers; from the
portfolio and geographic diversity of our businesses; from our talented people and our collaborative and entrepreneurial
culture; from the agility of our business model; and from the strength of our sustainable financial model.


We remain on track to make further progress in the second half of the year and to deliver good organic constant currency'
revenue growth in the full year to March 2024. Group order intake remains ahead of the comparable period last year and
close to revenue in the year to date. Our current expectation is for full year 2024 Adjusted! Profit before Taxation to be in
line with analyst consensus expectations’.


Marc Ronchetti                Steve Gunning
Group Chief Executive         Chief Financial Officer


'See Highlights, above.
2 See note 2 to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements. Profit is Adjusted! operating profit before central administration costs
after share of associate which equals Adjusted! EBIT.




                                                                  10
Independent review report to Halma plc



 Report on the condensed consolidated interim financial statements


 Our conclusion

 We have reviewed Halma plc’s condensed consolidated interim financial statements (the “interim financial statements”) in
 the Half Year Results of Halma plc for the 6 month period ended 30 September 2023 (the “period”).

 Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial statements are
 not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34, 'Interim
 Financial Reporting’ and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom's Financial
 Conduct Authority.

 The interim financial statements comprise:

 e   the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 September 2023;
 e   the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Expenditure for the
     period then ended;
 e   the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the period then ended;
 e   the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the period then ended; and
 e   the explanatory notes to the interim financial statements.

 The interim financial statements included in the Half Year Results of Halma plc have been prepared in accordance with UK
 adopted International Accounting Standard 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
 Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.


 Basis for conclusion

 We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK) 2410, ‘Review of Interim
 Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’ issued by the Financial Reporting Council for use in
 the United Kingdom (“ISRE (UK) 2410”). A review of interim financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of
 persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures.

 A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK)
 and, consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
 might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

 We have read the other information contained in the Half Year Results and considered whether it contains any apparent
 misstatements or material inconsistencies with the information in the interim financial statements.


 Conclusions relating to going concern

 Based on our review procedures, which are less extensive than those performed in an audit as described in the Basis for
 conclusion section of this report, nothing has come to our attention to suggest that the directors have inappropriately
 adopted the going concern basis of accounting or that the directors have identified material uncertainties relating to going
 concern that are not appropriately disclosed. This conclusion is based on the review procedures performed in accordance with
 ISRE (UK) 2410. However, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going concern.


 Responsibilities for the interim financial statements and the review


 Our responsibilities and those of the directors

 The Half Year Results, including the interim financial statements, is the responsibility of, and has been approved by the
 directors. The directors are responsible for preparing the Half Year Results in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and
 Transparency Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority. In preparing the Half Year Results,
 including the interim financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a
 going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
 unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                  11
Independent review report to Halma plc continued



 Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the interim financial statements in the Half Year Results based on our review.
 Our conclusion, including our Conclusions relating to going concern, is based on procedures that are less extensive than audit
 procedures, as described in the Basis for conclusion paragraph of this report. This report, including the conclusion, has been
 prepared for and only for the company for the purpose of complying with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
 sourcebook of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this
 conclusion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into
 whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.




 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

 Chartered Accountants

 London

 16 November 2023




                                                                12
Condensed Interim Financial Statements


 Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                 Unaudited                                              Unaudited           Audited
                                                                                               six months to                                         six months to           year to
                                                                                               30 September                                          30 September          31 March
                                                                                                       2023                                                  2022              2023

                                                                          Adjustments*                                            Adjustments*
                                                            Adjusted*            (note 2)             Total        Adjusted*            (note 2)             Total             Total
                                             Notes                  £m                £m                £m                £m                 £m                £m                £m

 Continuing operations
 Revenue                                          2           950.5                   -           950.5             875.5                   -           875.5           1,852.8
 Operating profit                                             190.0             (27.8)             162.2             177.9             (26.2)            151.7            308.4
 Share of results of associate                                  (0.1)                 -              (0.1)                -                 -                 -                 —
 Profit on disposal
 of operations                                   11                 -               0.5               0.5                 -                 -                 -                 -
 Profit before interest and
 taxation                                                     189.9             (27.3)             162.6             177.9             (26.2)            151.7            308.4
 Finance income                                   tS)             1.8                 -               1.8              0.8                  -               0.8               1.8
 Finance expense                                  4            (14.2)                 -            (14.2)              (7.0)                -              (7.0)            (18.7)
 Profit before taxation                                        177.5            (27.3)             150.2             171.7             (26.2)            145.5             291.5
 Taxation                                         5           (38.2)               6.5             (31.7)            (36.9)               6.2            (30.7)             (57.2)
 Profit for the period                                        139.3             (20.8)             118.5             134.8             (20.0)            114.8            234.3
 Attributable to:
 Owners of the parent                                                                               118.5                                                 115.0            234.5
 Non-controlling interests                                                                              -                                                  (0.2)             (0.2)
 Earnings per share from
 continuing operations                            6
 Basic                                                       36.90p                               31.39p            55.65p                              50.39p            62.04p
 Diluted                                                                                           31.31p                                               50.35p            61.86p
 Dividends in respect of
 the period                                       7
 Dividends paid and
 proposed (£m)                                                                                       31.7                                                 29.7              76.35
 Per share                                                                                          8.41p                                                 7.86p           20.20p
 * Adjustments include the amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs; profit on disposal of operations; and the
    associated taxation thereon. Note 9 provides more information on alternative performance measures.




 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Expenditure

                                                                                                                                   Unaudited          Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                                                six months to      six months to           year to
                                                                                                                               30 September        30 September           31 March
                                                                                                                                         2023               2022              2023
                                                                                                                                           £m                £m                £m

 Profit for the period                                                                                                                 118.5             114.8            234.3
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the Income Statement:
 Actuarial (losses)/gains on defined benefit pension plans                                                                              (8.2)               3.6             (8.8)
 Tax relating to components of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified                                                   2.0              (1.4)              1,2
 Unrealised changes in the fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other
 comprehensive income                                                                                                                       -               9.3               6.1
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the Income Statement:
 Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                         (0.7)              (1.7)              1.3
 Deferred tax in respect of cash flow hedges accounted for in the hedging reserve                                                        0.2                0.3             (0.3)
 Exchange gains on translation of foreign operations and net investment hedge                                                             2.4            162.1              45.1
 Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the period                                                                                    (4.3)            172.2              44.6
 Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                                             114.2            287.0             278.9
 Attributable to:
 Owners of the parent                                                                                                                  114.2            287.2             279.2
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                  -             (0.2)             (0.3)


 The exchange gains of £2.4m (six months to 30 September 2022: £162.1m gain; year to 31 March 2023: £45.1m gain) include
 gains of £1.6m (six months to 30 September 2022: £28.8m losses; year to 31 March 2023: £7.4m losses), which relate to net
 investment hedges.




                                                                                          13
Consolidated Balance Sheet


                                                                                 Unaudited      Unaudited     Audited
                                                                              30 September   30 September    31 March
                                                                                      2023           2022        2023
                                                                      Notes            £m             £m          £m

 Non-current assets
 Goodwill                                                                        1,157.9        1,101.8     1,120.5
 Other intangible assets                                                           481.7         418.6       472.5
 Property, plant and equipment                                                    230.2          224.5        222.9
 Interests in associates and other investments                                      20.9           19.8        21.0
 Retirement benefit asset                                                           33.6          43.9         38.4
 Tax receivable                                                          13         14.7           14.7        14.7
 Deferred tax asset                                                                  2.9            2.8         3.0
                                                                                 1,941.9       1,826.1      1,892.8
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                       319.6         508.8        312.4
 Trade and other receivables                                                      407.2          389.9        410.7
 Tax receivable                                                                      2.9            1.9         1.5
 Cash and bank balances                                                            136.4         213.4        169.5
 Derivative financial instruments                                        12          0.7            1.2         1.5
                                                                                  866.8          915.2       895.6
 Total assets                                                                   2,808.7        2,/41.3      2,/88.4
 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                         263.8          256.4       280.7
 Borrowings                                                                          0.6          78.8          1.0
 Lease liabilities                                                                  19.5           19.4        19.2
 Provisions                                                                         22.0          26.5         21.0
 Tax liabilities                                                                    16.8           15.8        18.4
 Derivative financial instruments                                        12          0.8            3.4         0.9
                                                                                   323.5        400.3         341.2
 Net current assets                                                               543.3          514.9       554.4
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                                                       667.6          945.6       677.5
 Lease liabilities                                                                  67.6          69.2         68.7
 Retirement benefit obligations                                                      0.5            0.7         0.5
 Trade and other payables                                                           22.3           21.4        21.9
 Provisions                                                                         12.0            7.9         9.7
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                           64.5          69.2         70.2
                                                                                  834.5          714.0       848.3
 Total liabilities                                                               1,158.0        1,114.3     1,189.5
 Net assets                                                                     1,650.7        1,627.0      1,598.9
 Equity
 Share capital                                                                     38.0           58.0        58.0
 Share premium account                                                             23.6           23.6        23.6
 Own shares                                                                        (58.3)        (46.3)       (46.1)
 Capital redemption reserve                                                          0.2           0.2          0.2
 Hedging reserve                                                                     0.1           (1.8)       0.6
 Translation reserve                                                              164.7          279.2        162.3
 Other reserves*                                                                     4.4           7.6         44
 Retained earnings*                                                             1,477.7        1,526.3      1,415.8
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   1,650.4        1,626.8      1,598.8
 Non-controlling interests                                                           0.3           0.2          0.1
 Total equity                                                                   1,650.7        1,627.0      1,598.9


 * See footnote to the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.




                                                             14
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                                                                    For the six months to 30 September 2023
                                          Share                 Capital                                                           Non-
                               Share    premium      Own     redemption   Hedging    Translation     Other     Retained     controlling
                              capital   account     shares      reserve    reserve       reserve   reserves    earnings       interests       Total
                                  £m        £m         £m           £m        £m             £m        £m           £m              £m          £m

 At 1 April 2023
  (audited)                    38.0       23.6    (46.1)           0.2      0.6         162.3         4.4     1,415.8              0.1    1,598.9
 Profit for the period              -        -         -             -        -               -          -      118.5               -       118.5


 Other comprehensive
 income and expense                 -        -         -             -     (0.5)           2.4           -       (6.2)              -        (4.3)
 Total comprehensive
 income/(expense)                   -        -         -             -     (0.5)           2.4           -      112.3               -       114.2


 Dividends paid                     -        -         -             -        -               -          -     (46.5)               -       (46.5)
 Share-based payments
 charge                             -        -         =             -        =               -          -       9.2                -         9.2
 Deferred tax on share-
 based payment
 transactions                       -        -         -             -        -               -          -       (0.3)              -        (0.3)
 Excess tax deductions
 related to share-based
 payments on exercised
 options                            =        =         -             =        =               =          -              -           =           -
 Purchase of own shares             -        -    (19.7)             -        -               -          -              -           -       (19.7)
 Performance share
 plan awards vested                 -        -      7.5              -        -               -          -      (12.6)              -        (5.1)
 Non-controlling
 interest arising on
 acquisition                        -        -         -             -        -               -          -              -        0.3         0.3
 Non-controlling
 interest disposed                  -        -         -             -        -               -          -       (0.2)          (0.1)        (0.3)
 At 30 September
 2023 (unaudited)              38.0       23.6    (58.3)           0.2      0.1         164.7         4.4     1,477.7            0.3      1,650.7


 Own shares are ordinary shares in Halma plc purchased by the Company and held to fulfil the Company's obligations under
 the Company’s share plans. As at 30 September 2023, the number of shares held by the Employee Benefit Trust was
 2,471,283 (30 September 2022: 1,913,290 and 31 March 2023: 1,901,415).


 The Capital redemption reserve was created on repurchase and cancellation of the Company’s own shares. The Hedging
 reserve is used to record the portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of cash flow hedging instruments that are
 deemed to be an effective hedge.


 The Translation reserve is used to record the difference arising from the retranslation of the financial statements of foreign
 operations, offset by net investment hedges with a carrying value of £32.5m (30 September 2022: £55.3m and 31 March
 2023: £33.9m). The Other reserves represent the cumulative fair value adjustments on equity instruments held at fair value
 through other comprehensive income.




                                                                   15
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity continued


                                                                                                                                         For the six months to 30 September 2022
                                                       Share                          Capital                                                                            Non-
                                        Share       premium          Own          redemption       Hedging         Translation         Other          Retained     controlling
                                      capital       account         shares            reserve       reserve            reserve       reserves          earnings      interests         Total
                                             =m          =m             =m                im              im               im               im              im             im            im

 At 1 April 2022* (audited)            38.0           23.6        (30.7)                 0.2        (0.4)               117.1          (1.7)        1,256.6             0.4        1,403.1
  Profit for the period                       -              -                                -                                 -               -      115.0           (0.2)         114.8


 Other comprehensive
 income and expense                           -              -              -                 -      (1.4)             162.1           9.3               2.2                   -     172.2
 Total comprehensive
 income and expense                           -              -              -                 -      (1.4)             162.1           9.3             117.2           (0.2)        287.0


  Dividends paid                              -              -              -                 -               -                 -               -      (43.6)                  -     (43.6)
 Share-based payments
 charge                                       -              -              -                 -               -                 -               -        7.8                   -       7.8
  Deferred tax on share-
  based payment
 transactions                                 -              -              -                 -               -                 -               -       (0.8)                  -      (0.8)
  Excess tax deductions
  related to share-based
  payments on exercised
 awards                                       -              -              -                 -               -                 -               -              -               -             7
  Purchase of own shares                      -              -    (22.3)                      -               -                 -               -              -               -     (22.3)
  Performance share plan
 awards vested                                -              -      6.7                       -               -                 -               -      (10.9)                  -      (4.2)
 At 30 September 2022
  (unaudited)                          38.0           23.6        (46.3)                 0.2         (1.8)            279.2            7.6          1,326.3             0.2.       1,627.0



                                                                                                                                                         For the year to 31 March 2023

                                                     Share                          Capital                                                                             Non-
                                     Share        premium          Own          redemption        Hedging         Translation         Other           Retained     controlling
                                    capital       account         shares            reserve        reserve            reserve       reserves          earnings       interests         Total
                                       £m              £m            £m                 £m            £m                 £m             =m                 £m             £m             £m

 At 1 April 2022
  (audited)                         38.0            23.6         (30.7)               0.2          (0.4)              117.1          (1.7)          1,256.6            0.4         1,403.1
  Profit for the year                    -              -             -                  -                -                -                -        234.5             (0.2)        234.3


 Other comprehensive
 income and expense                      —              —             -                  -          1.0               A5,2            6.1              (7.6)           (0.1)         44.6
 Total comprehensive
 income and expense                      -              —             -                  -          1.0               A5.2            6.1            226.9             (0.3)        278.9
  Dividends paid                         7              7             -                  -                -                -                -         (73.3)                  -      (73.3)
 Share-based payments
 charge                                  -              7             -                  -                -                -                -          17.7                   -       17.7
  Deferred tax on share-
  based payment
 transactions                            -              -               -                -                -                -                -          (0.7)                  -       (0.7)

  Excess tax deductions
  related to share-based
  payments on exercised
 awards                                  _              _               _                _                _                _                _                 _               _              _

  Purchase of own shares                 7              7        (22.3)                  -                -                -                -                -                -      (22.3)
  Performance share
  plan awards vested                     -              7         6.9                    -                -                -                -          (11.4)                 -       (4.5)
 At 31 March 2023
  (audited)                         38.0            23.6         (46.1)               0.2          0.6               162.3           44             1,415.8             0.1        1,598.9

 * As disclosed in the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2023, effective for the year ended 31 March 2022, the share-based
 payment reserve, which was previously presented in Other reserves was amalgamated with Retained earnings, in the Consolidated Statement of
 Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as permitted by IFRS 2. This resulted in the £13.2m debit in brought forward Other reserves at 1
 April 2021 being transferred to Retained earnings. There is no change in Total equity from this change, nor the amounts charged or credited to the
 reserves during the period, which represents a change in presentational accounting policy only.




                                                                                       16
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement



                                                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited    Audited
                                                                                                                   six months to    six months to      year to
                                                                                                                   30 September     30 September      31 March
                                                                                                                           2023               2022       2023
                                                                                                        Notes                £m                £m          £m

 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                   8          154.0              95.1      258.0
 Cash flows from investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                              (19.3)             (16.2)     (29.0)
 Purchase of computer software                                                                                           (0.3)              (0.4)      (0.8)
 Purchase of other intangibles                                                                                           (0.3)              (0.1)      (0.3)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and capitalised
 development costs                                                                                                         0.7               1.1        3.1
 Development costs capitalised                                                                                           (7.4)              (7.1)     (15.8)
 Interest received                                                                                                         0.7              0.2         0.7
 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired*                                                          10           (58.4)            (116.4)    (320.1)
 Disposal of business, net of cash disposed                                                                                1.4                 -          -
 Investment in associates and other equity investments                                                                       -              (2.2)      (6.7)
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                  (82.9)            (141.1)    (368.9)


 Cash flows from financing activities

 Dividends paid                                                                                              7          (46.5)            (43.6)      (73.3)
 Purchase of own shares                                                                                                 (19.7)            (22.3)      (22.3)
 Interest paid                                                                                                          (13.7)              (6.4)     (17.5)
 Loan arrangement fees                                                                                                   (0.3)              (4.1)      (4.1)
 Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                                         463.1              258.8       451.8
 Repayments of bank borrowings                                                                                         (471.5)           (361.9)     (394.2)
 Repayment of acquired debt on acquisition*                                                                              (2.6)            (58.5)      (65.1)
 Drawdown of loan notes                                                                                                      -           338.1       338.1
 Repayment of loan notes                                                                                                     -                 -      (74.4)
 Repayment of lease liabilities, net of interest                                                                         (9.6)              (8.9)     (18.0)
 Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                                         (100.8)              91.2       121.0


  (Decrease) /increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                     (29.7)             45.2        10.1
 Cash and cash equivalents brought forward                                                                              168.5             156.7       156.7
 Exchange adjustments                                                                                                    (3.0)               9.7         1.7
 Cash and cash equivalents carried forward                                                                              135.8              211.6      168.5


 * We have re-presented the cashflow for the six months to 30 September 2022 to align with the presentation at year end of debt acquired and
 immediately settled. This results in a reclassification of cash outflows of £58.5m from investing activities to financing activities.


                                                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited    Audited
                                                                                                                   six months to    six months to      year to
                                                                                                                   30 September     30 September      31 March
                                                                                                                           2023             2022          2023
                                                                                                                             £m                £m          £m

 Reconciliation of net cash flow to movement in net debt

  (Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                      (29.7)             45.2        10.1
 Net cash outflow/(inflow) from bank borrowings and loan notes                                                            11.0           (176.5)     (256.1)
 Net debt acquired                                                                                                       (2.6)            (58.5)      (65.1)
 Lease liabilities additions and accretion of interest                                                                   (9.6)             (15.2)     (24.9)
 Lease liabilities acquired                                                                                               (1.1)             (3.0)      (9.3)
 Lease liabilities and interest repaid                                                                                    11.2             10.2        20.9
 Exchange adjustments                                                                                                     (1.3)           (27.0)        2.5
 Increase in net debt                                                                                                   (22.1)           (224.8)     (321.9)
 Net debt brought forward                                                                                             (596.7)            (274.8)     (274.8)
 Net debt carried forward                                                                                             (618.8)            (499.6)     (596.7)




                                                                               17
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements



 1 Basis of preparation

 General information
 The Half Year Report, which includes the Interim Management Report and Condensed Interim Financial Statements for the six
 months to 30 September 2023, was approved by the Directors on 16 November 2023.


 Basis of preparation
 The Report has been prepared solely to provide additional information to shareholders as a body to assess the Board's
 strategies and the potential for those strategies to succeed. It should not be relied on by any other party or for any other
 purpose.



 The Report contains certain forward-looking statements which have been made by the Directors in good faith using
 information available up until the date they approved the Report. Forward-looking statements should be regarded with
 caution as by their nature such statements involve risk and uncertainties relating to events and circumstances that may
 occur in the future. Actual results may differ from those expressed in such statements, depending on the outcome of these
 uncertain future events.


 The Report has been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34, ‘Interim Financial
 Reporting’ and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority. The
 Report should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2023
 which were prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards and with the requirements of the
 Companies Act 2006. The same accounting policies and presentation that were applied in the preparation of the Group’s
 statutory accounts for the year to 31 March 2023 have also been applied to the interim consolidated financial statements
 with the exception of the policy for taxes on income, which in the interim period is accrued using the estimated effective tax
 rates for the year on profits before taxation before adjustments, with the tax rates applied to the adjustments being
 established on an individual basis for each adjustment.


 The figures shown for the year to 31 March 2023 are based on the Group's statutory accounts for that period and do not
 constitute the Group’s statutory accounts for that period as defined in Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. These
 statutory accounts, which were prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the
 requirements of the Companies Act 2006, have been filed with the Registrar of Companies. The audit report on those
 accounts was not qualified, did not include a reference to any matters to which the Auditor drew attention by way of
 emphasis without qualifying the report, and did not contain statements under Sections 498 (2) or (3) of the Companies Act
 2006.


 Going concern
 The Group’s business activities, together with the main trends and factors likely to affect its future development,
 performance and position, and the financial position of the Group as at 30 September 2023, its cash flows, liquidity position
 and borrowing facilities are within in the Review of Operations section. In addition, the Review of Operations section contains
 further information concerning the security, currency, interest rates and maturity of the Group’s borrowings.


 The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In adopting the going concern basis the Directors
 have considered all of the above factors, including potential scenarios and its principal risks and uncertainties set out on note
 16. Under the potential scenarios considered, which includes a severe but plausible downside scenario, the Group remains
 within its debt facilities and the attached financial covenants for the foreseeable future and the Directors therefore believe,
 at the time of approving the financial statements, that the Company is well placed to manage its business risks successfully
 and remains a going concern. The key facts and assumptions in reaching this determination are summarised below.


 Our financial position remains robust with committed facilities at the balance sheet date totalling approximately £933m
 which includes a £550m Revolving Credit Facility (RCF). The undrawn committed facilities as at 30 September 2023
 amounted to £264.9m. In May 2022 the RCF was refinanced with a maturity date of May 2028, with two one-year extension
 options, the first of which was exercised during the period. During May 2022, the Group also entered into a new Note
 Purchase Agreement which provided access to loan notes totalling £330m, which were drawn in various currencies in July
 2022. The financial covenants across the facilities are for leverage (net debt/adjusted EBITDA) of not more than three and a
 half times and for adjusted interest cover of not less than four times.


 Our base case scenario has been prepared using forecasts from each of our companies as well as expectations of cash
 outflows on future acquisitions. In addition, a severe but plausible downside scenario has been modelled showing a decline in
 trading for the year ending 31 March 2024. This reduction in trading could be caused by a significant resurgence in COVID-19
 lockdowns or other geopolitical crises, or continued macroeconomic volatility leading to further inflation and interest rate
 increases. In mitigating the impacts of the downside scenario there are actions that can be taken which are entirely
 discretionary to the business such as reducing acquisitions spend and dividend growth rates. In addition, the Group has
 demonstrated strong resilience and flexibility to manage its overheads and adapt the supply chain during recent global
 economic uncertainty. Neither the base case nor severe but plausible downside scenarios result in a breach of the Group’s
 available debt facilities or the attached covenants and, accordingly, the Directors believe there is no material uncertainty in
 the use of the going concern assumption and, therefore, deem it appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis of
 accounting for at least the next 12-month period.




                                                                18
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 New accounting standards and policies
 The following standards, with an effective date of 1 January 2023, have been adopted without any significant impact on the
 amounts reported in these financial statements:


 — IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

 — Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to IAS 8

 — Disclosure of Accounting Policies - Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2

 — Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction - Amendments to IAS 12

 — Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback - Amendments to IFRS 16

 — Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants - Amendments to IAS 1

 — Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rule


 The Group has not early adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that was issued but is not yet effective. The
 Group is assessing any potential implication, but currently do not expect a material impact on the Group.


 2 Segmental analysis and revenue from contracts with customers

 Sector analysis
 The Group has three main reportable segments (Safety, Environmental & Analysis and Healthcare), which are defined by
 markets rather than product type. Each segment includes businesses with similar operating and market characteristics. These
 segments are consistent with the internal reporting as reviewed by the Chief Executive.


 Segment revenue disaggregation (by location of external customer)



                                                                                             Unaudited six months to 30 September 2023
                                                                            Revenue by sector and destination (all continuing operations)
                                                                                                        Africa,
                                        United States    Mainland       United                        Near and            Other
                                          of America       Europe      Kingdom     Asia Pacific     Middle East        countries           Total
                                                  £m          £m            £m              £m              £m               £m              £m

 Safety                                      104.3        119.2         77.4            64.2            20.4             15.2          400.7
 Environmental & Analysis                    160.6        30.4         42.5             36.0              7.3              7.3         284.1
 Healthcare                                  137.1         53.6         24.3            32.9              6.4            12.0          266.3
 Inter-segmental sales                             -          -         (0.6)               -               -               -            (0.6)
 Revenue for the period                     402.0        203.2         143.6           133.1            34.1             34.5          950.5



                                                                                                  Unaudited six months to 30 September 2022
                                                                                  Revenue by sector and destination (all continuing operations)
                                                                                                         Africa,
                                         United States   Mainland        United                        Near and           Other
                                           of America      Europe      Kingdom      Asia Pacific     Middle East       countries            Total
                                                  =m          £m            £m              =m              =m               =m              =m

 Safety                                       99.1         98.9         75.6            94.8             14.9             12.1          555.4
 Environmental & Analysis                     131.3        29.7         57.9            50.8              7.0              7.1          263.8
 Healthcare                                  154.1         41.9         23.8            56.5              7.5             13.1          256.7
 Inter-segmental sales                         (0.3)          -          (0.1)              -                -               -            (0.4)
 Revenue for the period                      564.2        170.5        137.2           142.1             29.2            52.3           875.5




                                                                                                              Audited year end 31 March 2023
                                                                                  Revenue by sector and destination (all continuing operations)
                                                                                                         Africa,
                                         United States   Mainland        United                        Near and           Other
                                           of America      Europe      Kingdom      Asia Pacific     Middle East       countries            Total
                                                  =m          £m            £m              =m              =m               =m              =m

 Safety                                      205.1        217.1        151.4            112.7            33.2            26.1           745.6
 Environmental & Analysis                    277.0         67.3         79.5            96.7             15.5            16.1           952.1
 Healthcare                                  298.8         92.0         49.2            73.0             14.9            28.5          556.4
 Inter-segmental sales                         (0.1)          -          (1.2)              -               -                -             (1.3)
 Revenue for the period                      780.8       576.4         2/8.9           282.4             63.6            70.7         1,852.8


 Inter-segmental sales are charged at prevailing market prices and have not been disclosed separately by segment as they are
 not considered material. The Group does not analyse revenue by product group. Revenue derived from the rendering of
 services was £50.5m (six months to 30 September 2022: £41.4m; year to 31 March 2023: £105.4m). All revenue was otherwise
 derived from the sale of products.


 The majority of the Group’s revenue is recognised when control passes at a point in time.




                                                                  19
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 Segment results
                                                                                                                                       Profit (all continuing operations)
                                                                                                                                Unaudited            Unaudited     Audited
                                                                                                                             six months to       six months to      year to
                                                                                                                             30September         30 September     31 March
                                                                                                                                       2023               2022        2023
                                                                                                                                         £m                 im         im

 Segment profit/PBIT before allocation of adjustments*
 Safety                                                                                                                             89.5                75.4      152.5
 Environmental & Analysis                                                                                                           59.3               65.4       134.2
 Healthcare                                                                                                                         62.4               56.4        130.1
                                                                                                                                   211.2              197.2       416.8
 Segment profit/PBIT after allocation of adjustments*
 Safety                                                                                                                             78.6                67.1      123.9
 Environmental & Analysis                                                                                                           52.7                58.4       121.5
 Healthcare                                                                                                                         52.6               45.5        101.6
 Segment profit/PBIT                                                                                                              183.9                171.0      547.0
 Central administration costs                                                                                                      (21.3)              (19.3)      (38.6)
 Net finance expense                                                                                                               (12.4)                (6.2)     (16.9)
 Group profit before taxation                                                                                                     150.2               145.5       291.5
 Taxation                                                                                                                          (31.7)              (30.7)      (57.2)
 Profit for the period                                                                                                             118.5               114.8      234.3

 *   Adjustments include the amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs; and profit on
     disposal of operations. Note 9 provides more information on alternative performance measures.


 The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies. Acquisition transaction
 costs, adjustments to contingent consideration and inventory acquisition adjustments                                      (collectively ‘acquisition items’) are
 recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. Segment profit before these acquisition items and other adjustments, is
 disclosed separately above as this is the measure reported to the Group Chief Executive for the purpose of allocation of
 resources and assessment of segment performance.


 These adjustments are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                           Unaudited six months to 30 September 2023
                                                                                                  Acquisition items
                                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                             Release of      amortisation          Disposal of
                                              Amortisation                               Adjustments        acquisition         charge and operations and
                                                of acquired         Transaction      to contingent         adjustments          acquisition      restructuring
                                                intangibles                costs     consideration         to inventory               items           (note 11)       Total
                                                        £m                   £m                  £m                  £m                  £m                 £m          £m

 Safety                                             (9.6)                 (0.6)                   -                (1.2)            (11.4)                0.5      (10.9)
 Environmental & Analysis                           (5.4)                 (0.5)                 0.1               (0.8)              (6.6)                  -       (6.6)
 Healthcare                                         (8.4)                 (0.1)                (0.4)              (0.9)              (9.8)                  -       (9.8)
 Total Segment & Group                             (23.4)                 (1.2)                (0.3)              (2.9)            (27.8)                 0.5      (27.3)


 The transaction costs arose mainly on the acquisitions during the period. In Safety, they relate to the acquisitions of Lazer
 Safe (£0.4m) in the current period and FirePro (£0.2m) in the prior year. In Environmental & Analysis, they relate to the
 acquisition of Sewertronics (£0.4m) and Visual Imaging Resources (£0.1m). In Healthcare, they related to the acquisition of
 Visiometrics in a previous year (£0.1m).


 Adjustment to contingent consideration comprised of a credit of £0.1m in Environmental & Analysis arising from exchange
 differences on balances denominated in Euros. In Healthcare there was a debit of £0.6m arising from an increase in estimates
 of the payable for IZI (£0.1m) and Spreo (£0.5m), partly offset by a credit arising from exchange differences on balances
 denominated in Euros (£0.2m).


 The £2.9m release of inventory acquisition adjustments related to WEETECH (£0.1m), Thermocable (£0.4m), FirePro (£0.5m)
 and Lazer Safe (£0.2m) in Safety; Visual Imaging Resources (£0.8m) in Environmental & Analysis; and IZI (£0.9m) in
 Healthcare. All amounts have been released in relation to IZI, WEETECH and Thermocable.

                                                                                                                             Unaudited six months to 30 September 2022
                                                                                                      Acquisition items


                                                                                                             Release of     amortisction
                                                                                                                                    Total


                                                   Amortisation                       Adjustments            fair value       charge and          Disposal of
                                                    of acquired    — Transaction     to contingent        adjustments          acquisition    operations and
                                                    intangibles            costs     consideration        to inventory              items       restructuring         Total
                                                              £m             £m                 £m                 £m                 £m                 £m            £m

 Safety                                                  (8.1)             (0.2)                  -                   -              (8.3)                  -       (8.3)
 Environmental & Analysis                               (6.2)              (0.6)                0.2               (0.4)              (7.0)                  -       (7.0)
 Healthcare                                             (9.8)               (1.9)               0.8                   -            (10.9)                   -      (10.9)
 Total Segment & Group                                 (24.1)              (2.7)                1.0               (0.4)            (26.2)                   -     (26.2)




                                                                                    20
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 Segment results continued
 The transaction costs arose mainly on the acquisitions during the prior period. In Environmental & Analysis, they related to the
 acquisition of Deep Trekker (£0.6m). In Healthcare, they mostly related to the acquisition of IZl Medical Products (£1.8m).


 Adjustment to contingent consideration comprised of a credit of £0.2m in Environmental & Analysis arising from a decrease
 in the estimate of the payable for Orca. In Healthcare there was a credit of £0.8m arising from a decrease in estimates of the
 payable for Infinite Leap (£0.6m) and a credit arising from exchange differences on balances denominated in Euros (£0.6m),
 partially offset by an increase in the estimate of the payable for Meditech (£0.4m).


 The £0.4m release of fair value adjustments to inventory related to Deep Trekker (£0.3m) and ILT (£0.1m) in Environmental &
 Analysis. All amounts were released in relation to Deep Trekker.


                                                                                                                              Audited year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                                         Acquisition items

                                                                                                                     Total
                                          Amortisation                                                       amortisation
                                                   and                                                                 and
                                         impairment of                                         Release of     impairment
                                               acquired                   Adjustments           fair value     charge and             Disposal of
                                             intangible   Transaction    to contingent       adjustments        acquisition       operations and
                                                 assets         costs    consideration        to inventory           items          restructuring          Total
                                                   =m             =Im              =Im                im               =m                    im              im

 Safety                                          (25.1)         (3.1)                -               (0.4)         (28.6)                    -          (28.6)
 Environmental & Analysis                        (11.4)         (0.9)             0.2                (0.6)          (12.7)                   —           (12.7)
 Healthcare                                     (20.0)           (1.9)           (3.9)               (2.7)          (28.5)                   -          (28.5)
 Total Segment & Group                          (56.5)          (5.9)            (3.7)               (3.7)         (69.8)                    —          (69.8)



 The transaction costs arose mainly on the acquisitions during the year to March 2023. In Safety, they related to the
 acquisition of FirePro (£1.6m), WEETECH (£1.0m), Thermocable (£0.4m) and Zonegreen (£0.1m). In Environmental & Analysis,
 they related to the acquisition of Deep Trekker (£0.5m) in the year to March 2023 and Sewertronics (£0.4m) that was
 acquired in May 2023. In Healthcare, they related to the acquisition of IZI (£1.6m) in year to March 2023, and the acquisition
 of Visiometrics in a previous year (£0.3m).

 The £3.7m adjustment to contingent consideration comprised of a credit of £0.2m in Environmental & Analysis arising from a
 decrease in the estimate of the payables for Orca (£0.2m) and a debit of £3.9m in Healthcare arising from an increase in
 estimates of the payables for Infinite Leap (£2.7m), IZI (£1.4m) and Meditech (£0.3m), partially offset by a decrease in the
 estimate of the payable for Clayborn Lab (£0.5m) and Spreo (£0.2m).

 The £3.7m release of fair value adjustments to inventory related to WEETECH (£0.3m) and Thermocable (£0.1m) in Safety;
 Deep Trekker (£0.3m) and International Light Technologies (£0.4m) in Environmental & Analysis; and IZ] (£2.7m) in
 Healthcare. All amounts have been released in relation to International Light Technologies and Deep Trekker.



 3 Finance income
                                                                                                                Unaudited               Unaudited       Audited
                                                                                                             six months to           six months to       year to
                                                                                                             30 September           30 September        31 March
                                                                                                                       2023                  2022          2023
                                                                                                                        £m                       Em          Em

 Interest receivable                                                                                                    0.7                   0.3           0.7
 Net interest credit on pension plans assets                                                                            0.9                   0.5            1.1
 Fair value movement on derivative financial instruments                                                                0.2                         —          -
                                                                                                                        1.8                   0.8            1.8




 4 Finance expense
                                                                                                                Unaudited               Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                             six months to           six months to       year to
                                                                                                             30 September            30 September       31 March
                                                                                                                     2023                    2022           2023
                                                                                                                         £m                      Em          £m

 Interest payable on borrowings                                                                                         12.0                     5.1       14.5
 Interest payable on lease obligations                                                                                   1.6                     1.3         2.9
 Amortisation of finance costs                                                                                           0.5                     0.3        0.8
 Net interest charge on pension plan liabilities                                                                              -                     -          -
 Other interest payable                                                                                                       -                     -       0.1
 Fair value movement on derivative financial instruments                                                                 0.1                     0.3        0.4
                                                                                                                       14.2                      7.0       18.7




                                                                         21
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 5 Taxation
 The total Group tax charge for the six months to 30 September 2023 of £31.7m (six months to 30 September 2022: £30.7m;
 year to 31 March 2023: £57.2m) comprises a current tax charge of £43.5m (six months to 30 September 2022: £34.4m; year
 to 31 March 2023: £73.7m) and a deferred tax credit of £11.8m (six months to 30 September 2022: deferred tax credit £3.7m;
 year to 31 March 2023: deferred tax credit £16.5m). The tax charge is based on the estimated effective tax rates for the year,
 for profit before taxation before adjustments. The tax rates applied to the adjustments are established on an individual basis
 for each adjustment.


 The tax charge includes £21.5m (six months to 30 September 2022: £24.6m; year to 31 March 2023: £41.8m) in respect of
 overseas tax.


 The UK Finance (No. 2) Act 2023, enacted on 11 July 2023, contains the UK’s provisions in relation to a new tax framework
  (part of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) BEPS initiative), which introduces a global
 minimum effective tax rate of 15% to large multinational groups, effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 31
 December 2025 (year ended 31 March 2025 for Halma). On 27 September 2023, the UK Government published additional
 updated draft legislation, for technical consultation, relating to these rules. The Group monitors income tax developments in
 the territories in which it operates, as well as the applicable accounting standards, to understand their potential future
 impacts. The Group has applied the exemption under the IAS 12 amendment to recognising and disclosing information about
 deferred tax assets and liabilities related to top-up income taxes.




 6 Earnings per ordinary share
 Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit for the year attributable to the equity shareholders
 of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.


 Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the
 parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of shares
 that would be in issue on the conversion of all the dilutive potential shares.


 The weighted average number of shares used to calculate both basic and diluted earnings per share exclude shares held in
 the employee benefit trust.


 Adjusted earnings are calculated as earnings from continuing operations excluding the amortisation and impairment of
 acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs, profit or loss on disposal of operations and the
 associated taxation thereon. The Directors consider that adjusted earnings, which constitute an alternative performance
 measure, represent a more consistent measure of underlying performance as it excludes amounts not directly linked with
 trading. A reconciliation of earnings and the effect on basic and diluted earnings per share figures is as follows:

                                                                                                Unaudited         Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                             six months to     six months to            year to
                                                                                             30 September     30 September             31 March
                                                                                                      2023              2022               2023
                                                                                                       £m                £m                 £m

 Earnings from continuing operations attributable to owners of the parent                           118.5             115.0              2354.5
 Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets (after tax)                               17.6              18.3               42.3
 Acquisition transaction costs (after tax)                                                             1.2               2.4                5.3
 Adjustments to contingent consideration (after tax)                                                  0.3                (1.1)              3.8
 Release of fair value adjustments to inventory (after tax)                                            2.2               0.3                2./
 Disposal of operations and restructuring (after tax)                                                 (0.5)                 -                  -
 Adjusted earnings attributable to owners of the parent                                            139.3              134.9              288.6


                                                                                                Unaudited         Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                             six months to     six months to            year to
                                                                                             30 September     30 September             31 March
                                                                                                     2023             2022                 2023
                                                                                            shares, million   shares, million    shares, million

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for basic earnings
 per share                                                                                          377.5             378.2              578.0
 Dilutive potential ordinary shares - share awards                                                      1.0              0.5                 1.1
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for diluted earnings
 per share                                                                                          378.5             378.7              379.1




                                                                 22
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 Basic and diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                                    Per share
                                                                                      Unaudited       Unaudited      Audited
                                                                                   Six months to — Six months to      year to
                                                                                   30 September    30 September     31 March
                                                                                           2023             2022        2023
                                                                                          pence            pence       pence


 Basic earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to owners of
 the parent                                                                              31.39           50.39        62.04
 Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets (after tax)                    4.68             4.84        11.19
 Acquisition transaction costs (after tax)                                                 0.31            0.62         1.41
 Adjustments to contingent consideration (after tax)                                       0.07           (0.29)        1.00
 Release of fair value adjustments to inventory (after tax)                                0.59            0.09        0.70
 Disposal of operations and restructuring (after tax)                                     (0.14)                —           —
 Basic adjusted earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent                  36.90            35.65       76.34


 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to owners of
 the parent                                                                              31.31           50.35        61.86




 7 Dividends
                                                                                                                    Per share
                                                                                      Unaudited       Unaudited      Audited
                                                                                   six months to    six months to     year to
                                                                                   30 September    30 September     31 March
                                                                                           2023             2022        2023
                                                                                          pence            pence       pence


 Amounts recognised as distributions and paid to shareholders in the period
 Final dividend for the year to 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022)                             12.34           11.53        11.53
 Interim dividend for the year to 31 March 2023                                               -                 -      7.86
                                                                                          12.34           11.53       19.39
 Dividends in respect of the period
 Proposed interim dividend for the year to 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022)                   8.41            7.86        7.86
 Final dividend for the year to 31 March 2023                                                 -                 -     12.34
                                                                                           8.41            7.86       20.20


                                                                                      Unaudited       Unaudited      Audited
                                                                                   six months to    six months to     year to
                                                                                   30 September    30 September     31 March
                                                                                           2023             2022        2023
                                                                                             £m              £m          £m

 Amounts recognised as distributions and paid to shareholders in the period
 Final dividend for the year to 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022)                              46.5            43.6         43.6
 Interim dividend for the year to 31 March 2023                                               -                 -       29.7
                                                                                           46.5            43.6         73.3
 Dividends in respect of the period
 Proposed interim dividend for the year to 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022)                   31.7            29.7         29.7
 Final dividend for the year to 31 March 2023                                                 -                 -      46.6
                                                                                           31.7            29.7         76.3




                                                                23
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 8 Notes to the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

                                                                                                          Unaudited            Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                       six months to        six months to          year to
                                                                                                      30 September          30 September         31 March
                                                                                                                 2023               2022             2023
                                                                                                                   £m                =m               =m

 Reconciliation of profit from operations to net cash inflow from
 operating activities
 Profit on continuing operations before finance income and expense, share of results of
 associates and profit or loss on disposal of operations                                                      162.2               151.7           508.4
 Non-cash movement on hedging instruments                                                                         0.1                  -              0.1
 Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                   22.1               21.5             41.5
 Amortisation and impairment of computer software                                                                 1.0                1,2             2.2
 Amortisation of capitalised development costs and other intangibles                                              5.1               4.8              9.2
 Impairment of capitalised development costs                                                                           -               -             0.5
 Amortisation of acquired intangible assets                                                                     23.4               24.1            48.7
 Impairment of acquired intangible assets                                                                              =               -             7.8
 Share-based payment expense less amounts paid                                                                    4.7               4.2             12.9
 Payments to defined benefit pension plans net of service costs                                                  (2.4)              (8.7)          (15.1)
 Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment and computer software                                           (0.3)              (0.2)           (0.8)
 Operating cash flows before movement in working capital                                                      215.9              198.6            415.4
 Increase in inventories                                                                                        (4.3)             (42.5)           (54.9)
 Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                                                               8.2             (19.9)           (52.4)
  (Decrease)/increase in payables and provisions                                                                (19.1)              (7.4)            15.1
 Revision to estimate and exchange difference on contingent consideration payable less
 amounts paid in excess of payable estimated on acquisition                                                       (1.1)             (2.5)            2.0
 Cash generated from operations                                                                               199.6               126.3           325.2
 Taxation paid                                                                                                 (45.6)              (31.2)          (67.2)
 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                    154.0                95.1           258.0



                                                                                                          Unaudited            Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                      30 September          30 September         31 March
                                                                                                                 2023               2022             2023
                                                                                                                   £m                im               £m

 Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and bank balances                                                                                       136.4               213.4           169.5
 Overdrafts (included in current borrowings)                                                                    (0.6)               (1.8)            (1.0)
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    135.8               211.6           168.5




                                                              At                  Net cash/(debt)                                                     At
                                                      31 March                          acquired/   Lease liabilities         Exchange      30 September
                                                          2023       Cash flow           disposed        additions         adjustments              2023
                                                             £m            £m                 £m                 £m                 £m               £m

 Analysis of net debt
 Cash and bank balances                                169.5             (31.7)               1.6                  -              (3.0)          136.4
 Overdrafts                                                 (1.0)         0.4                  -                   -                 -             (0.6)
 Cash and cash equivalents                             168.5             (31.3)               1.6                  -              (3.0)          135.8
 Loan notes falling due after more than one
 year                                                 (376.9)               -                 -                    -               0.5          (376.4)
 Bank loans falling due after more than one
 year                                                 (300.4)             11.0             (2.6)                   -               0.9           (291.1)
 Lease liabilities                                         (87.9)         11.2             (1.1)               (9.6)               0.3            (87.1)
 Total net debt                                       (596.7)             (9.1)            (2.1)               (9.6)              (1.3)          (618.8)


 Overdrafts falling due within one year are included as current borrowings in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Loan notes and
 bank loans falling due after more than one year are included as non-current borrowings.


 During the period, the Group has entered into an uncommitted multi-currency loan facility up to £50m. This allows the
 Group to manage short term cash positions more effectively than utilising the Revolving Credit Facility. As at 30 September
 2023 this facility was undrawn. Drawings and repayments in the period under this arrangement are presented in ‘Proceeds
 from bank borrowings’ and ‘Repayments of bank borrowings’ respectively in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.


 The Group makes use of short-term money market deposits to utilise excess cash. Deposits can vary in duration up to three
 months but are typically overnight. The deposits are shown within Cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                    24
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 9 Alternative performance measures
 The Board uses certain alternative performance measures to help it effectively monitor the performance of the Group. The
 Directors consider that these represent a more consistent measure of underlying performance by removing non-trading items
 that are not closely related to the Group’s trading or operating cash flows. These measures include Return on Total Invested
 Capital (ROTIC), Return on Capital Employed (ROCE), Return on Sales (ROS), organic growth at constant currency, Earnings
 before Interest and Tax (EBIT), net debt, net debt/adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted operating profit, cash conversion and Adjusted
 operating cash flow.


 Note 2 provides further analysis of the adjusting items in reaching adjusted profit measures.



 Return on Total Invested Capital (ROTIC)
                                                                                                        Unaudited       Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                     six months to    six months to      year to
                                                                                                     30 September    30 September       31 March
                                                                                                             2023            2022           2023
                                                                                                               £m              im            =m

 Profit after tax                                                                                         118.5           114.8        254.3
 Adjustments'                                                                                              20.8            20.0          54.1
 Adjusted profit after tax'                                                                               139.3           134.8        288.4
 Total equity                                                                                          1,650.7          1,627.0       1,598.9
 Less net retirement benefit assets                                                                       (33.1)          (43.2)        (37.9)
 Deferred tax liabilities on retirement benefit asset                                                       8.4             11.0          9.6
 Cumulative fair value adjustments on equity investments through other
 comprehensive income                                                                                      (4.4)            (7.7)         (4.4)
 Cumulative amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets                                    443.5            415.5         418.1
 Historical adjustments to goodwill?                                                                       89.5            89.5          89.5
 Total Invested Capital                                                                                2,154.6         2,092.1        2,073.8
 Average Total Invested Capital®                                                                        2,114.2        1,954.7        1,945.5
 Return on Total Invested Capital (annualised)+                                                           13.2%           13.8%         14.8%


 Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)
                                                                                                        Unaudited       Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                     six months to    six months to      year to
                                                                                                     30 September    30 September       31 March
                                                                                                             2023             2022         2023
                                                                                                               £m              =m            =m

 Profit before tax                                                                                        150.2           145.5         291.5
 Adjustments'                                                                                              27.3            26.2          69.8
 Net finance costs                                                                                         12.4              6.2         16.9
 Lease interest                                                                                             (1.6)            (1.3)        (2.9)
 Adjusted operating profit' after share of results of associate                                           188.3           176.6        375.3
 Computer software costs within intangible assets                                                           2.5              3.4          3.2
 Capitalised development costs within intangible assets                                                    51.3            48.3         49.6
 Other intangibles within intangible assets                                                                 4.0              5.8          3.4
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                           230.2            224.5        222.9
 Inventories                                                                                              319.6          308.8          312.4
 Trade and other receivables                                                                             407.2           589.9          410.7
 Current trade and other payables                                                                       (263.8)          (256.4)       (280.7)
 Current lease liabilities                                                                                (19.5)           (19.4)       (19.2)
 Current provisions                                                                                       (22.0)          (26.5)        (21.0)
 Net tax receivable/ (payable)                                                                              0.8              0.8          (2.2)
 Non-current trade and other payables                                                                     (22.3)           (21.4)       (21.9)
 Non-current provisions                                                                                   (12.0)            (7.9)        (9.7)
 Non-current lease liabilities                                                                            (67.6)          (69.2)        (68.7)
 Add back contingent purchase consideration provision                                                      20.3             19.5         16.4
 Capital Employed                                                                                        628.7            598.2        595.2
 Average Capital Employed’                                                                                612.0           526.1        524.7
 Return on Capital Employed (annualised)*                                                                 61.6%           67.1%         71.5%

 1 Adjustments include the amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant restructuring costs and profit or
   loss on disposal of operations. Where after-tax measures, these also include the associated taxation on adjusting items.
 2 Includes goodwill amortised prior to 3 April 2004 and goodwill taken to reserves.
 3 The ROTIC and ROCE measures are expressed as a percentage of the average of the current period’s and prior year’s Total Invested Capital and
   Capital Employed respectively. Using an average as the denominator is considered to be more representative. The 1 April 2022 Total Invested Capital
   and Capital Employed balances were £1,572.8m and £389.5m respectively.
 4 The ROTIC and ROCE measures are calculated as annualised Adjusted profit after tax divided by Average Total Invested Capital and annualised
   Adjusted operating profit after share of results of associates divided by Average Capital Employed respectively.




                                                                           25
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued



 Return on Sales (ROS)
 The Group Return on Sales is defined as Adjusted Profit before Taxation as a percentage of revenue. For the sectors, Return
 on Sales is defined as Adjusted segment profit as a percentage of segment revenue. Adjusted Profit before Taxation and
 Adjusted segment profit is as defined in note 2.


 Organic growth and constant currency
 Organic growth measures the change in revenue and profit from continuing Group operations. The measure equalises the effect
 of acquisitions by:


     a. removing from the year of acquisition their entire revenue and profit before taxation,

     b. in the following year, removing from the current year, the revenue and profit for the number of months equivalent to
           the pre-acquisition period in the prior year, and

     c. removing from the year prior to acquisition any revenue generated by sales to the acquired company which would have
           been eliminated on consolidation had the acquired company been owned for that period.


 The resultant effect is that the acquisitions are removed from organic results for one full year of ownership.
 The results of disposals are removed from the prior period reported revenue and profit before taxation.
 Constant currency measures the change in revenue and profit excluding the effects of currency movements. The measure
 restates the current year’s revenue and profit at last year’s exchanges rates.


 Organic growth at constant currency has been calculated as follows:


                                                                                                     Revenue             Adjusted profit* before taxation
                                                                  Unaudited            Unaudited                  Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                               six months to        six months to              six months to   six months to
                                                               30 September         30 September               30 September    30 September
                                                                       2023                 2022                       2023            2022
                                                                         £m                   im    % growth             £m              im     % growth

 Continuing operations                                               950.5               875.5          8.6          177.5            171.7            3.4
 Acquired and disposed revenue/profit                                (48.4)                 (1.8)                      (8.9)            0.1
 Organic growth                                                      902.1               873.7          3.3          168.6            171.8            (1.9)
 Constant currency adjustment                                          18.6                                             3.1
 Organic growth at constant currency                                 920.7               873.7          5.4           171.7           171.8              -

 *   Adjustments include the amortisation of acquired intangible assets and impairment of acquired intangible assets; significant acquisition items;
     significant restructuring costs; and profit or loss on disposal of operations.



 Sector organic growth at constant currency
 Organic growth at constant currency is calculated for each segment using the same method as described above.


 Safety
                                                                                                    Revenue                Adjusted* segment profit/PBIT
                                                                 Unaudited             Unaudited                  Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                              six months to         six months to              six months to   six months to
                                                              30 September          30 September               30 September    30 September
                                                                      2023                  2022                       2023            2022
                                                                        £m                    £m    % growth             £m             £m      % growth

 Continuing operations                                              400.7               555.4         12.7             89.5           75.4         18.7
 Acquisition, disposal and currency adjustments                      (22.4)               (0.3)                        (8.8)            0.1
 Organic growth at constant currency                                 378.3              555.1          6.5             80.7           75.5             6.9


 Environmental & Analysis
                                                                                                    Revenue                Adjusted* segment profit/PBIT
                                                                  Unaudited            Unaudited                  Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                               six months to        six months to              six months to   six months to
                                                               30 September         30 September               30 September    30 September
                                                                       2023                 2022                       2023            2022
                                                                         £m                   im    % growth             £m              im     % growth

 Continuing operations                                               284.1               263.8         7.7            59.3            65.4         (9.3)
 Acquisition and currency adjustments                                    1.3                (1.4)                      (0.1)              -
 Organic growth at constant currency                                 285.4               262.4         8.8            59.2            65.4         (9.5)




                                                                               26
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 Healthcare
                                                                                                       Revenue                Adjusted* segment profit/PBIT
                                                                      Unaudited           Unaudited                  Unaudited        Unaudited
                                                                 six months to         six months to              six months to    six months to
                                                                 30 September          30 September               30 September     30 September
                                                                         2023                  2022                       2023             2022
                                                                            £m                   im    % growth             £m              im        % growth

 Continuing operations                                                  266.3               256./         3.7            62.4             56.4          10.6
 Acquisition and currency adjustments                                     (8.7)                   -                       (3.2)             -
 Organic growth at constant currency                                    257.6               256./         0.3            59.2             56.4           4.9


 * Adjustments include the amortisation of acquired intangible assets and impairment of acquired intangible assets; acquisition items; significant
 restructuring costs; and profit or loss on disposal of operations.



 Earnings before Interest and Tax (EBIT)

 EBIT is equal to Profit before interest and taxation as presented on the face of the Consolidated Income Statement.


 Net debt/adjusted EBITDA


 Net debt is the leverage defined in the Group’s RCF agreement as Borrowings plus lease liabilities net of Cash
 and bank balances. Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation) is used to calculate
 covenant compliance and leverage, and is defined in the RCF agreement. The Net debt/adjusted EBITDA is calculated as
 annualised EBITDA divided by net debt.
                                                                                                                      Unaudited        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                                                   six months to    six months to         year to
                                                                                                                   30 September     30 September        31 March
                                                                                                                            2023             2022           2023
                                                                                                                             £m                 im             im

 Adjusted operating profit (below)                                                                                       190.0            177.9          378.2
 Add back:
 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment (excluding amortisation and impairment
 on acquired intangible assets)                                                                                           28.2             27.5            53.4
 EBITDA                                                                                                                  218.2            205.4          431.6
 Net Debt (note 8)                                                                                                       618.8           499.6           596.7
 Net debt/adjusted EBITDA (annualised) ratio                                                                               1.4x             1.2x           1.4x


 Adjusted operating profit
                                                                                                                      Unaudited        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                                                   six months to    six months to         year to
                                                                                                                   30 September     30 September        31 March
                                                                                                                           2023             2022            2023
                                                                                                                             £m                 £m             £m

 Operating profit                                                                                                        162.2             151.7         308.4
 Add back:
 Acquisition items                                                                                                         4.4                  2.1        13.3
 Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets                                                                23.4              24.1           56.5
 Adjusted operating profit                                                                                               190.0            177.9          378.2


 Adjusted operating cash flow
                                                                                                                      Unaudited        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                                                   six months to    six months to         year to
                                                                                                                   30 September     30 September        31 March
                                                                                                                           2023             2022            2023
                                                                                                                             £m                 £m             £m

 Net cash from operating activities (note 8)                                                                            154.0             95.1          258.0
 Add back:
 Net acquisition costs paid                                                                                                3.1             3.4            4.6
 Taxes paid                                                                                                              45.5             31.2           67.2
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and capitalised development                                           0.7              1.1            3.1
 costs

 Share awards vested not settled by own shares*                                                                            5.1             4.2             4.5
 Deferred consideration paid in excess of payable estimated on acquisition                                                 1.4              1.4            1.7
 Less:
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment (excluding Right of use assets)                                               (19.3)          (16.2)          (29.0)
 Purchase of computer software and other intangibles                                                                      (0.6)            (0.5)           (1.1)
 Development costs capitalised                                                                                            (7.4)            (7.1)         (15.8)
 Adjusted operating cash flow                                                                                           182.5            112.6          293.2
 Cash conversion % (adjusted operating cash flow/adjusted operating profit)                                             96.1%           63.3%            77.5%

 *   See Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.




                                                                                  27
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 10 Acquisitions
 In accounting for acquisitions, adjustments are made to the book values of the net assets of the companies acquired to
 reflect their fair values to the Group. Other previously unrecognised assets and liabilities at acquisition are included and
 accounting policies are aligned with those of the Group where appropriate.


 During the six months ended 30 September 2023, the Group made three acquisitions namely:


       1.         Sewertronics’ Sp. Z 0.0.;
       2.         Lazer Safe Pty. Ltd.; and
       3.         Certain trade and assets of Visual Imaging Resources LLC.


 Set out on the following pages are summaries of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the purchase consideration
 of:


                  the total of acquisitions;
                  Sewertronics’ Sp. Z 0.0.;
                  Lazer Safe Pty. Ltd.;
                  Visual Imaging Resources LLC; and
       C7QAVCTA   the adjustments in respect of prior year acquisitions.


 Due to their contractual dates, the fair value of receivables acquired (shown below) approximate to the gross contractual
 amounts receivable. The amount of gross contractual receivables not expected to be recovered is immaterial.


 There are no material contingent liabilities recognised in accordance with paragraph 23 of IFRS 3 (revised).


 The acquisitions contributed £8.0m of revenue and £1.5m of profit after tax for the six months ended 30 September 2023.


 If these acquisitions had been held since the start of the financial year, it is estimated that the Group’s reported revenue and
 profit after tax would have been £4.6m and £1.1m higher respectively.


 As at the date of approval of the financial statements, the accounting for all acquisitions since 1 October 2022, is provisional;
 relating to finalisation of the valuation of acquired intangible assets, the initial consideration, which is subject to agreement
 of certain contractual adjustments, and certain other provisional balances.




                                                                       28
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued



 a) Total of acquisitions

                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                               £m

 Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                                                                                         34.0
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               2.3
 Deferred tax                                                                                                                0.3
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                                 3.2
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 3.3
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    1.7
 Total assets                                                                                                              44.8
 Current liabilities
 Payables                                                                                                                   (2.6)
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                           (2.7)
 Provisions                                                                                                                 (0.4)
 Corporation tax liability                                                                                                  (1.0)
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                           (1.0)
 Provisions                                                                                                                 (0.4)
 Deferred tax                                                                                                               (8.0)
 Total liabilities                                                                                                         (16.1)
 Net assets of business acquired                                                                                           28.7
 Attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                                                     28.4
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                   0.3


 Initial cash consideration paid                                                                                           60.4
 Other adjustments                                                                                                          (1.7)
 Retention and other amounts to be (received)/paid                                                                          (0.1)
 Contingent purchase consideration estimated to be paid                                                                      6.1
 Total consideration                                                                                                       64.7


 Total goodwill                                                                                                            36.3


 Total goodwill of £36.5m comprises £35.8m relating to current year acquisitions and £0.5m relating to the prior year
 acquisition of WEETECH, FirePro and IZI.


 Other adjustments are primarily adjustments for acquired working capital once balances are fully reconciled, forming part of
 the contractual payment mechanisms.


 Analysis of cash outflow in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

                                                                                           Unaudited       Unaudited     Audited
                                                                                        six months to   six months to     year to
                                                                                        30 September    30 September    31 March
                                                                                                2023            2022        2023
                                                                                                  £m             =m          =m

 Initial cash consideration paid                                                               60.4           116.0       521.0
 Cash acquired on acquisitions                                                                  (1.7)           (4.0)      (10.1)
 Initial cash consideration adjustment (received)/paid on current year acquisitions             (1.7)            3.0         6.3
 Contingent consideration paid in relation to prior year acquisitions                            2.8             2.8        4.6
 Net cash outflow relating to acquisitions                                                     59.8            117.8      321.8
 Included in cash flows from operating activities                                                1.4             1.4         1.7
 Included in cash flows from investing activities                                              58.4           116.4       320.1


 Contingent consideration included in cash flows from operating activities reflects amounts paid in excess of that estimated in
 the acquisition balance sheets.


 In addition, immediately after acquisition the Group repaid £2.6m of debt acquired on acquisition.




                                                                29
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 b) Sewertronics’ Sp. Z 0.0.
                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                                 £m

 Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                                                                                          17.9
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               1.1
 Deferred tax                                                                                                                0.1
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                                 0.5
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 1.0
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   1.6
 Total assets                                                                                                              22.2
 Current liabilities
 Payables                                                                                                                   (0.1)
 Provisions                                                                                                                 (0.1)
 Corporation tax liability                                                                                                  (0.8)
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                           (0.5)
 Deferred tax                                                                                                               (3.3)
 Total liabilities                                                                                                          (4.8)
 Net assets of businesses acquired                                                                                          17.4
 Attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                                                      17.1
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                   0.3


 Initial cash consideration paid                                                                                           35.7
 Contingent purchase consideration estimated to be paid                                                                     4.7
 Total consideration                                                                                                       40.4


 Total goodwill                                                                                                            23.3


 On 5 May 2023, the Group acquired the Sewertronics Group (‘Sewertronics’) for total consideration of €46.2m (£40.4m). The
 acquisition comprised the entire share capital of Sewertronics’ Sp. Z 0.0. and 50% of the share capital of Applied Resins Ltd
 which results in a non-controlling interest arising from the acquisition. Maximum contingent consideration of €18.0m is
 payable dependant on profits achieved each year over the next 2 years to 31 March 2025 of which €5.3m (£4.7m) represents
 the fair value of the estimated amounts payable recognised on acquisition.


 The company’s technology repairs and rehabilitates wastewater pipelines without the need to dig a trench, by inserting a
 lining into the pipe which is then cured using its innovative and patented ultraviolet (UV) LED technology. Based in Rzeszéw,
 Poland, the company has sales and service partners globally and is now part of the Group’s Environmental & Analysis sector.


 On acquisition, acquired intangibles were recognised relating to customer related intangibles £11.7m; trade name £1.6m and
 technology related intangibles £3.9m.


 The residual goodwill of £23.5m represents:


      a.    the technical expertise of the acquired workforce;
      b.    the opportunity to leverage this expertise across some of the Group’s businesses through future technologies; and
      c.    the ability to exploit the Group’s existing customer base.


 Sewertronics contributed £2.0m of revenue and £0.8m of profit after tax for the six months ended 30 September 20235. If this
 acquisition had been held since the start of the financial year, it is estimated that the Group’s reported revenue and profit
 after tax would have been £0.6m higher and £0.2m higher respectively.


 Acquisition costs totalling £0.4m were recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement.


 The goodwill arising on this acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                  30
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 c) Lazer Safe Pty. Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                                 £m

 Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                                                                                          14.9
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               0.5
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                                 1.1
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 2.0
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   0.1
 Total assets                                                                                                               18.6
 Current liabilities
 Payables                                                                                                                   (1.0)
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                           (2.7)
 Provisions                                                                                                                 (0.2)
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                           (0.2)
 Provisions                                                                                                                 (0.4)
 Deferred tax                                                                                                               (4.5)
 Total liabilities                                                                                                          (9.0)
 Net assets of business acquired                                                                                             9.6


 Initial cash consideration paid                                                                                           22.3
 Other adjustments                                                                                                          (1.5)
 Amounts to be received                                                                                                     (0.4)
 Total consideration                                                                                                       20.4


 Total goodwill                                                                                                             10.8


 On 4 August 2023, the Group acquired the Lazer Safe Group (‘Lazer Safe’), for total consideration of A$39.4m (£20.4m). The
 initial consideration comprised the cash-and debt-free purchase price of A$45.0m (£23.3m) less debt of AS4.9m (£2.5m) plus
 amounts due from the shareholders of AS2.9m (£1.5m). This initial consideration was adjusted for debt from shareholders of
 AS2.9m (£1.5m) and closing working capital of ASO.7m (£0.4m). The debt acquired of AS4.9m (£2.5m) was settled
 immediately post-acquisition. There is no contingent consideration payable.


 The acquisition comprised of the entire share capital of Lazer Safe Investments Pty. Ltd and its subsidiary Lazer Safe Pty. Ltd.
 Lazer Safe, based in Perth, Australia, designs and manufactures control, safety and operator protection systems relating to
 press brake and associated sheet metal machinery. The technology is designed to protect workers when they are operating
 machinery and are used in a wide range of industrial markets. Lazer Safe will continue to be run under its own management
 team and has become part of the Group's Safety sector.



 On acquisition acquired intangibles were recognised relating to customer related intangibles £9.5m; trade names £1.6m and
 technology related intangibles £3.8m.


 The residual goodwill of £10.8m represents:


      a.    the technical expertise of the acquired workforce;
      b.    the opportunity to leverage this expertise across some of the Group’s businesses through future technologies; and
      c.    the ability to exploit the Group’s existing customer base.


 Lazer Safe contributed £2.0m of revenue and £0.4m of profit after tax for the six months ended 30 September 2023. If this
 acquisition had been held since the start of the financial year, it is estimated that the Group’s reported revenue and profit
 after tax would have been £3.8m higher and £0.9m higher respectively. The lower margin post-acquisition is due to
 seasonality.


 Acquisition costs totalling £0.4m were recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement.


 The goodwill arising on this acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                  31
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued



 d) Visual Imaging Resources LLC

                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                                                 £m

 Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                                                                                            1.6
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               0.8
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                                  1.4
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                                 0.5
 Total assets                                                                                                                4.3
 Current liabilities
 Payables                                                                                                                    (1.5)
 Provisions                                                                                                                  (0.1)
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                                            (0.3)
 Deferred tax                                                                                                                (0.2)
 Total liabilities                                                                                                           (2.1)
 Net assets of business acquired                                                                                             2.2


 Initial cash consideration paid                                                                                             2.4
 Other adjustments                                                                                                           (0.2)
 Retention and other amounts to be paid                                                                                      0.3
 Contingent purchase consideration estimated to be paid                                                                       1.4
 Total consideration                                                                                                         3.9


 Total goodwill                                                                                                               1.7


 On 24 April 2023, the Group acquired certain trade and assets of Visual Imaging Resources LLC (‘VIR’) for an initial cash
 consideration of US$3.0m (£2.4m), adjustable for working capital balances determined to be USSO.2m (£0.2m) receivable.
 The consideration includes a retention amount of USSO.3m (£0.3m) held in place of escrow balances and is due 12 months
 from the date of acquisition. Contingent consideration is payable based on gross margin of a maximum of USS1.2m (£1.0m)
 per year for the three years ending 31 March 2026. The current contingent consideration payable represents the fair value of
 the total estimated amount payable.


 VIR is the USA service and distribution partner for Minicam, a company in the Group’s Environmental & Analysis sector.


 The excess of the fair value of the consideration paid over the fair value of the assets acquired is represented by customer
 related intangibles of £1.6m; with residual goodwill arising of £1.7m.


 VIR contributed £4.0m of revenue and £0.3m of profit after tax for the six months ended 30 September 2023. If this
 acquisition had been held since the start of the financial year, it is estimated that the Group’s reported revenue and profit
 after tax would have been £0.2m higher and £0.0m higher respectively.


 Acquisition costs totalling £0.1m were recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement.




                                                                 32
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued



 e) Adjustments in respect of prior year acquisitions
                                                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                                £m

 Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                                                                                            (0.4)
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                (0.1)
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                                                                   0.2
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                                  (0.2)
 Total assets                                                                                                                 (0.5)
 Current liabilities
 Corporation tax liability                                                                                                    (0.2)
 Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax                                                                                                                  0.2
 Total liabilities                                                                                                               7
 Net assets of business acquired                                                                                              (0.5)


 Total goodwill                                                                                                                0.5




 In finalising the acquisition accounting for the prior year acquisition of WEETECH, an adjustment of £0.3m was made to
 increase inventories and £0.1m was made to reduce property, plant and equipment. Overall this resulted in a corresponding
 decrease in goodwill of £0.2m.

 In finalising the acquisition accounting for the prior year acquisition of FirePro, an adjustment of £0.2m was made to increase
 corporation tax payable. Overall this resulted in a corresponding increase in goodwill of £0.2m.

 In finalising the acquisition accounting for the prior year acquisition of IZI, the following adjustments were made: £0.4m
 decrease to intangible assets, £0.1m decrease to inventory and £0.2m decrease to receivables. There was an adjustment
 made to decrease the deferred tax liability of £0.2m. Overall this resulted in an increase in goodwill of £0.5m.

 The adjustments were not material and as such the comparative balance sheet was not restated; instead the adjustments
 have been made through the current year.




                                                                33
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 11 Disposal of operations
 On 4 August 2023, the Group disposed of its 70% interest in FireMate Software Pty. Ltd. to a third party for proceeds of
 £3.2m. This transaction resulted in the recognition of a gain in the Consolidated Income Statement as follows:


                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                £m

 Proceeds of disposal                                                                                                          3.2
 Less: net assets on disposal                                                                                                  (1.2)
 Less: allocation of goodwill disposed                                                                                         (1.4)
 Less: costs of disposal                                                                                                       (0.4)
 Less: non-controlling interest                                                                                                0.3
 Profit on disposal                                                                                                            0.5




 Cash received on disposal of operations of £1.5m comprised proceeds of £3.2m, less loan note receivable of £1.1m, less £0.2m
 of cash disposed and £0.4m of disposal costs. The loan note receivable accrues interest at 8% per annum and is receivable in
 5 years.


 Immediately prior to the disposal, the Group transferred FireMate’s wholly owned subsidiary Nimbus Digital Solutions Ltd
  (formerly FireMate Limited) to another Group company. This resulted in the Group retaining the entity on disposal of
 FireMate and extinguishing the non-controlling interest in relation to this entity.


 12 Fair values of financial assets and liabilities
 As at 30 September 2023, with the exception of the Group’s fixed rate loan notes, there were no significant differences
 between the book value and fair value (as determined by market value) of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities.


 The fair value of floating rate borrowings approximates to the carrying value because interest rates are reset to market rates
 at intervals of less than one year.


 The fair value of the Group’s fixed rate loan notes arising from the United States Private Placement completed in January
 2016 and the Private Placement completed in May 2022 is estimated to be £341.2m, against a carrying value of £376.4m.


 The fair value of financial instruments is estimated by discounting the future contracted cash flow using readily available
 market data and represents a level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy under IFRS 7.


 As at 30 September 2023, the total forward foreign currency contracts and swaps outstanding were £75.2m. The contracts
 mostly mature within one year and therefore the cash flows and resulting effect on profit and loss are expected to occur
 within the next 12 months.


 The fair values of the forward contracts are disclosed as a £0.7m (30 September 2022: £1.2m; 31 March 2023: £1.5m) asset
 and £0.8m (30 September 2022: £3.4m; 31 March 2023: £0.9m) liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.


 Any movements in the fair values of the forward contracts are recognised in equity until the hedge transaction occurs, when
 gains/losses are recycled to finance income or finance expense.


 The fair value of equity investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income is based on the latest observable
 price where available. Where there are no recent observable prices, adjustments are made based on qualitative indicators,
 such as the financial performance of the entity, performance against operational milestones and future outlook. This
 represents a level 3 measurement in the fair value hierarchy under IFRS 7.


 The fair values of the equity instruments held at fair value through other comprehensive income at 30 September 2023 were
 £18.9m (30 September 2022: £17.6m; 31 March 2023: £18.9m). This is within ‘Interests in associates and other investments’ on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet.


 The fair value adjustment recognised in other comprehensive income for the six months to 30 September 2023 was ENil (six
 months to 30 September 2022: gain of £9.3m; year to 31 March 2023: gain of £6.1m).


 13 Contingent liability
 Group financing exemptions applicable to UK controlled foreign companies
 On 2 April 2019, the European Commission (EC) published its final decision that the UK controlled Foreign Company Partial
 Exemption (FCPE) constitutes State Aid. As previously reported, the Group has benefited from the FCPE, which amounts to
 £15.4m of tax for the period from 1 April 2013 to 31 December 2018.


 Appeals had been made by the UK Government, the Group and other UK-based groups to annul the EC decision. On 8 June
 2022, the EU General Court delivered its decision in favour of the EC. In August 2022, the UK Government appealed this
 decision.




                                                                 34
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued


 Notwithstanding this appeal, under EU law, the UK Government is required to commence collection proceedings. In January
 2021, the Group received a Charging Notice from HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) for £13.9m assessed for the period from 1
 April 2016 to 31 December 2018. The Group has appealed against the notice but, as there is no right of postponement, the
 amount charged was paid in full in February 2021 with a further £0.8m of interest paid in May 2021. In February 2021, the


 Group received confirmation from HMRC that it was not a beneficiary of State Aid for the period from 1 April 2013 to 31
 March 2016.


 Whilst the EU General Court was in favour of the EC, the Group's assessment is that there are strong grounds for appeal and
 it would expect such appeals to be successful. As the amounts paid are expected to be fully recovered, the Group continues
 to recognise a receivable of £14.7m (30 September 2022: £14.7m; 31 March 2023: £14.7m) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
 within non-current assets.


 Other contingent liabilities
 The Group has widespread global operations and is consequently a defendant in many legal, tax and customs proceedings
 incidental to those operations. In addition, there are contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of business in respect of
 indemnities, warranties and guarantees. These contingent liabilities are not considered to be unusual in the context of the
 normal operating activities of the Group. Provisions have been recognised in accordance with the Group accounting policies
 where required. None of these claims are expected to result in a material gain or loss to the Group.



 14 Events subsequent to the end of the reporting period
 On 2 October 2023, the Group acquired the entire share capital of AprioMed AB (‘AprioMed’), based in Uppsala, Sweden, for
 a cash consideration of SEK130.0m (approximately £10m) on a cash-and debt-free basis. AprioMed manufactures and
 distributes medical devices used for bone biopsies. Its products help diagnose patients suffering from a range of conditions,
 principally cancer. AprioMed will be a bolt-on for IZ| Medical Products within the Group’s Healthcare Sector.


 On 23 October 2023, the Group acquired the entire share capital of Alpha Instrumatics Holding Company Limited and its
 subsidiaries (‘Alpha Instrumatics’), based in Bradford, UK for a cash consideration of £30.5m on a cash and debt free basis.
 Additional deferred consideration is payable in cash, based on its performance over each of the two financial years to 31
 March 2025, up to an aggregate maximum of £5.5m. Alpha Instruments designs and manufactures devices for high-precision
 measurement of trace moisture found in gases. It extends Alicat’s product offering in its existing and adjacent end markets
 within the Group’s Environmental and Analysis sector.


 A detailed purchase price allocation exercise is currently being performed to calculate the goodwill arising on these
 acquisitions.


 On 18 October 2023, the Group invested US$2.5m (approximately £2m) in Bloomlife Inc., a maternal and foetal health
 monitory company as part of a strategic partnership with Perigen, within the Group’s Healthcare sector. The investment
 took the form of a convertible promissory note, bearing interest of 11% per annum and repayable in 3 years.


 There were no other known material non-adjusting events which occurred between the end of the reporting period and prior
 to the authorisation of these financial statements on 16 November 2023.



 15 Other matters
 Seasonality
 The Group’s financial results have not historically been subject to significant seasonal trends.


 Equity and borrowings
 Issues and repurchases of Halma plc's ordinary shares and drawdowns and repayments of borrowings are shown in the
 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.


 Related party transactions
 There were no significant changes in the nature and size of related party transactions for the period to those reported in the
 Annual Report and Accounts 2023.


 16 Principal risks and uncertainties
 A number of potential risks and uncertainties exist that could have a material impact on the Group's performance over the
 second half of the financial year and could cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.


 The Group has in place processes for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks. These risks, together with a description
 of the approach to mitigating them, are set out on pages 91 to 97 in the Annual Report and Accounts 2023, which is
 available on the Group's website at www.halma.com. The Directors do not consider that the principal risks and uncertainties
 have changed since the publication of the Annual Report and Accounts.




                                                                 35
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements continued



 The principal risks and uncertainties relate to:


 —   Cyber

 —   Organic growth

 —   Acquisitions and investments

 —   Talent and diversity

 —   Innovation and digital

 —   Economic and geopolitical uncertainty

 —   Natural hazards, including climate change

 —   Business model and its communications

 —   Non-compliance with laws and regulations

 —   Financial controls

 —   Liquidity

 —   Product failure or Non-compliance



 17 Responsibility statement
 The Directors confirm that these Condensed Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with UK
 adopted International Accounting Standard 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
 Rules sourcebook of the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority and that the interim management report includes a
 fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.7 and DTR 4.2.8, namely:
 —   an indication of important events that have occurred during the first six months and their impact on the condensed set of
     financial statements, and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the
     financial year; and
 —   material related party transactions in the first six months and any material changes in the related party transactions
     described in the last annual report.


 By order of the Board




 Marc Ronchetti                             Steve Gunning
 Group Chief Executive                      Chief Financial Officer



 16 November 2023




                                                                      36
