                                         Stock Code: 2386




Heritage
 201
       3-
       20
            23   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                 COMMERATIVE BOOK FOR
                 THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF LISTING
IMPORTANT NOTICE
The board of directors (the “Board”) and the directors (the
“ Directors ”) of SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO.,
LTD. (“ SINOPEC SEG ” or the “ Company ”) warrant that
there are no false representations, misleading statements
or material omissions contained in this annual report and
are hereby jointly and severally liable for the authenticity,
accuracy and completeness of the content hereof. Director
Mr. Li Chengfeng could not attend the Tenth meeting of the
Fourth Session of the Board (the “Meeting”) due to official
duties. Director Mr. Li Chengfeng authorised Chairwoman
Mdm. Sun Lili to attend the Meeting, and to vote on his behalf.
Mdm. SUN Lili (Chairwoman of the Board), Mr. JIANG Dejun
(Director and President), Mr. JIA Yiqun (Chief Financial
Officer) and Mr. WANG Yi (Head of the Finance Department)
warrant the authenticity and completeness of the financial
statements contained in this annual report.

The annual ﬁnancial statements as at 31 December 2022 (the
“Reporting Period”) of SINOPEC SEG and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”), prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards, were audited by BDO Limited,
which has issued a standard unqualiﬁed audit report.

This annual report contains forward-looking statements. All statements (other than
statements of historical facts) that address business activities, events or developments
that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future (including but
not limited to projections, goals, estimates and business plans) are forward-looking
statements. The future actual results or development trends may differ materially from
those indicated by the forward-looking statements due to various factors. The forward-
looking statements contained in this annual report were made by the Company as at 19
March 2023 and, unless otherwise required by the relevant regulatory authorities, the
Company undertakes no obligation or responsibility to update these statements.
    CONTENTS
2
IMPORTANT NOTICE                            1

CONTENT                                     2

COMPANY PROFILE                             4

BASIC INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY            6

CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT                      8

10TH ANNIVERSARY OF LISTING                14

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL DATA AND INDICATORS    28

CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND               32
    SHAREHOLDINGS OF SUBSTANTIAL
    SHAREHOLDERS

BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS              36

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS       48

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS                         66

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                       74

REPORT OF THE BOARD                        90

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE       108

DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, OTHER MEMBERS     112
     OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
     EMPLOYEES

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                      128




                                           3
4   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




    COMPANY PROFILE




    The Group is a leading energy and chemical                   overall industry chain services including
    engineering company in the PRC with strong                   engineering consulting, technology licensing,
    international competitiveness and can provide                project management contracting, financing
    domestic and overseas clients with overall                   assistance, EPC (engineering, procurement and
    solutions for petrol refining, petrochemicals,               construction) contracting, as well as design,
    aromatics, coal chemicals, inorganic                         procurement, construction and installation, lifting
    chemicals, pharmaceutical chemicals, clean                   and transportation of large equipment, pre-
    energy, storage and transportation facilities,               commissioning and start-up.
    environmental protection and energy saving,
                                                                 After 70 years of continuous development,
    among other industry sectors. The Group is
                                                                 the Group currently has one academician
    an integrated service provider for the whole
                                                                 of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, three
    industry chain and the whole life cycle in
                                                                 academicians of the Chinese Academy of
    energy and chemical industry and can provide
                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                               5




Engineering and nearly 10,000 professionals.         In the future, adhering to the development
The Group has extensive experience in project        orientation of “Integrated Service Provider with
management and implementation, and owns              Whole Industry Chain and Whole Life Cycle in
and co-owns advanced patents and know-how            Energy and Chemical Industry”, the Group will
in core business areas. The Group has delivered      base itself on the energy and petrochemical
on schedule hundreds of modern factories with        engineering construction industry, continuously
enormous investment, complicated process,            broaden its business scope and extend its value
advanced technology and high quality to clients      chain, and comprehensively improve the level of
in more than 20 countries and regions around         safe, efficient, green and low-carbon service in
the world, established long-term and steady          the business chain, to create a new momentum
cooperative relationships with large energy          in achieving the corporate vision of “Building
and chemical enterprises at home and abroad,         the World ’s Leading Technology-oriented
maintained an extensive and stable client base,      Engineering Company”.
and enjoys remarkable industrial influence and
social reputation.
6   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




    BASIC INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY




        LEGAL NAME                                               REGISTERED ADDRESS
        中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司                                        Building 8, Shenggujiayuan, Shenggu Middle Road,
                                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
        CHINESE ABBREVIATION
        中石化煉化工程                                                  CORRESPONDENCE ADDRESS
                                                                 Building 8, Shenggujiayuan, Shenggu Middle Road,
                                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
        ENGLISH NAME
        SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                    Postcode: 100029

                                                                 Tel: +8610-5673-0525
        ENGLISH ABBREVIATION
                                                                 Website: www.segroup.cn
        SINOPEC SEG
                                                                 E-mail: seg.ir@sinopec.com

        LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE
                                                                 WEBSITES ON WHICH THIS
        Mdm. SUN Lili
                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT IS PUBLISHED
        AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                               Website designated by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                                 Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”):
        Mr. JIANG Dejun
                                                                 http://www.hkexnews.hk
        Mr. JIA Yiqun
                                                                 The Company’s website:
        COMPANY SECRETARY                                        http://www.segroup.cn
        Mr. JIA Yiqun
                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                  7




PLACE WHERE THIS ANNUAL REPORT IS                   NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF AUDITORS
AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION                            PRC:
Office of the Board                                 BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certiﬁed Public Accountants LLP
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               Room 1410, 14th Floor, Fanli Mansion, No. 22
Building 8, Shenggujiayuan, Shenggu Middle Road,    Chaoyangmenwai Street, Chaoyang District Beijing, the PRC
Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC                 Overseas:

                                                    BDO Limited
PLACE OF LISTING OF SHARES,
                                                    25th Floor, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central,
STOCK NAME AND STOCK CODE
                                                    Hong Kong
H Shares: Hong Kong Stock Exchange

Stock name: SINOPEC SEG                             NAME AND ADDRESS OF LEGAL ADVISORS
Stock code: 2386                                    PRC:

                                                    King & Wood Mallesons
UNIFORM SOCIAL CREDIT CODE
                                                    17th-18th Floor, East Tower, World Financial Center,
911100007109349087                                  1 Dongsanhuan Zhonglu, Chaoyang District, Beijing

                                                    Hong Kong:

                                                    Herbert Smith Freehills

                                                    23rd Floor, Gloucester Tower, 15 Queen’s Road Central,
                                                    Hong Kong
8   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




    CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT

                                 CHAIRWOMAN’S
                                 STATEMENT
  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               9




CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT
10   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT




     Dear shareholders and friends,
     On this occasion of SEG’s 10th anniversary of listing, on behalf
     of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all
     shareholders and friends from all sectors of society for your
     attention and support to the Group!

     Since the listing of the Company ten years ago, we have actively
     adapted ourselves to the major trend of energy transformation.
     Taking “To build the world’s leading technology-oriented
     engineering company” as the development vision, we actively
     contributed to the upgrade of petrochemical industry, and made
     efforts to become a comprehensive engineering and technical
     service provider which integrates engineering technology R&D,
     engineering transformation and engineering implementation, and
     adapted ourselves to meet the demands of full industrial chain
     and lifecycle. Over the past decade, the Group have completed
     a large number of representative key projects successively. The
     market inﬂuence and brand reputation of the Group have been
     continuously enhanced. The Group won 22 national excellent
     design achievement awards, 37 national quality engineering
     awards and 319 science and technology progress awards at
     national, provincial and ministerial level. Over the past decade,
     the Group have accumulatively generated income of RMB476.4
     billion, made profit of RMB23.9 billion, generated operational
     cash flow of RMB33.9 billion, and distributed dividend of
     RMB12.1 billion, creating generous values for the society,
     industry and shareholders while realizing its sustainable and
     healthy development.

     In year of 2022, the Group was faced with multiple pressures
     from turbulent international situations, transformation of energy
     and petrochemical industry as well as other influence. With
                                                                         Mdm. SUN Li Li Chairwoman of the Board
     focus on the enterprise strategy of “Value-Oriented, Innovation-
     Driven, Green & Clean, Talent-Based, Globalization-Targeted,
     Fusion Symbiosis” and firmly following the development
     target of building the world’s leading technology-oriented
     engineering company, the Board of the Group led all employees in a coordinated effort to propel high-quality development. The
     Group took upon the responsibilities and successfully completed targets and tasks to reward the society and shareholders with
     stable business performance. The Group’s RMB53.028 billion, net proﬁt RMB2.282 billion, and new orders with a total value of
     RMB72.525 billion throughout the year. These are all hard-earned achievements. With an overall consideration of the proﬁtability
     of the Group, return to the shareholders and the needs for sustainable development, the Board proposed a final dividend of
     RMB0.210 per share for the year of 2022. Taking into account of the interim dividend of RMB0.118 per share, the total dividend
     for the year was RMB0.328 per share with a dividend payout ratio of 65%, which ensures the stability of dividend payment.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       11




Improvement of corporate governance. We have continuously improved the building of the Board according to the regulatory
requirement. The function and power of the Board have been fully performed. We completed the SOE Reform 3-year action plan
with high standards and passed the special audit. We strengthened the compliance governance and successfully passed the ISO
37301 compliance management system certiﬁcation of LRQA, becoming one of the ﬁrst batch listed companies in China and the
ﬁrst listed company in the petrochemical industry receiving this certiﬁcation. We continuously propelled integration of management
system, and implemented management penetration enhancement action, so as to continuously improve the Group overall
coordination ability and resource allocation ability, as well as to reinforce the advantages of complementarity and comprehensive
cooperation between the Group members. We also optimized the tracking and monitoring system for major risk events and
indicators, which ensured effective prevention and control of major operating risks.

Enhancement of production and operation capability. Throughout the year, we implemented 1,192 projects at home and
abroad. There were over 80,000 working headcounts per day, accumulatively reaching 250 million safe-man hours throughout the
year. Domestically, by leveraging the organization and construction advantages within the Group, we completed the construction
of Zhenhai Project Phase I and Jiujiang Aromatics Project, which now have been put into operation. Hainan Ethylene Project was
delivered in high quality. Tianjin Nangang Ethylene Project has speeded up the construction. Huizhou Ethylene Project, Anqing
Transformation and Upgrading Project and many other projects are pressing ahead. We are also accelerating the implementation
of a cluster of LNG projects and Green Hydrogen projects. In overseas market, we fully carried forward the projects in Saudi
Arabia, and the start-up and completion of RAPID project in Malaysia. The overseas business maintained continuous, stable and
healthy operation. We build up the lean management in engineering projects to ensure project safety and quality while achieving
project delivery on schedule. We strived to ensure reasonable proﬁt margin while saving investment and achieving added value
for the clients.

New track record of market exploration. We vigorously explored new markets and the value of new contracts in domestic
market throughout the year hit a record high. We undertook the early work of a batch of large-scale petrochemical projects. We
signed engineering design, EPC and construction contracts of many remarkable projects in the industry, such as Tianjin Nangang
Ethylene Projects, CNOOC Shell Huizhou Project Phase III, CNPC Petrochemical Transformation and Upgrading Project in Jilin
and so on. Besides working for SINOPEC, we also actively provided good service of development planning for CNPC, CNOOC,
CHN Energy Group, Sinochem Group and Yanchang Group. In the ﬁelds of new energy and new material, we speeded up to
expand our business presence and signed new contracts of RMB4.65 billion throughout the year. We made a breakthrough in
overseas market under adverse situations, marked by exceeding annual contract target of USD1 billion. We entered the Algerian
market for the ﬁrst time, continued to consolidate the Middle East market, and successfully started to provide “technology +” high-
end engineering services in the Central Asian market.

New results of innovative development. A large number of key energy and petrochemical technologies R & D programs have
been carried out smoothly, represented by 24 state-level programs. We totally won 35 scientific and technological progress
awards at the provincial and ministerial level and higher throughout the year. Several projects tackling core technologies in new
ﬁelds have completed construction and been put into operation. We actively promoted our independently developed technologies,
the technology licensing contract amount of which reached RMB399 million, with an increase of 40% year-on-year. We also
worked on transformation reservation focusing on “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” targets. The research regarding the
carbon sources in the petrochemical industry was carried out with carbon neutrality strategy and implementation method in order
to develop and reserve related technologies in parallel from the source, to the process and till the end.

New stage of digital empowerment. We continued to deepen the application of digital technology. Nearly 40 large-scale projects
have achieved digital delivery, which strengthened the foundation of smart plant construction. Aiming at the advanced capability
of digital engineering in the industry, we have continued to promote the application of digital technology in close alignment with
the needs of domestic and overseas project execution. The system base platform, digital service platform and integrated design
platform have been established and improved to continuously support the efficiency and quality of engineering design. In response
to clients’ new needs to digital delivery and intelligent management, we developed an integrated delivery application platform
based on the industrial Internet platform to realize the integration of design, construction, delivery, smart plant construction and
production consulting services. The digital delivery empowers the plant operation and maintenance, thus promoting the digital
engineering to be extended towards smart plant.
12   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     New achievements of green and low-carbon development. We provided clients with a full range of services for environmental
     protection. Resource conservation and utilization were fully implemented in the consultation planning and overall design of more
     than 10 major petrochemical plants, such as in Maoming, Luoyang, Jilin and Huizhou, and so on. Our service helps to enhance
     energy, water and land utilization efficiency from the very beginning of the petrochemical plants, life cycle, which promoted clean
     production. We further reduced the energy consumption and main pollutant emissions of devices by using a new generation
     independently-developed technology, reaching the international advanced level. These devices are from several representative
     projects, such as Gulei Ethylene Project, Jiujiang Aromatics Project and so on. A series of environmental protection core
     technologies, such as sewage treatment technology using new petrochemical materials, PTA wastewater anaerobic expansion
     granular sludge bed technology, and freezing crystallization technology treating wet air oxidized alkali waste from ethylene unit
     were respectively applied in projects such as Zhenhai Project Phase II, Yizheng Chemical Fiber Project and Nangang Ethylene
     Project. We provided energy-saving consultation and diagnosis for equipment in operation. We also offered companies integrated
     solutions covering investment, construction and project implementation, through which the energy-saving and consumption-
     reduction projects invested and implemented by Energy Management Company have saved 170,000 tons of standard coal per
     year and reduced carbon dioxide equivalent to nearly 410,000 tons per year. The three hydrogen fueling stations designed by us
     supplied hydrogen for 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics and light up the Olympics torch with high-purity hydrogen, which guaranteed
     clean energy supply for the “Green Winter Olympics”.

     As we served the society and promoting high-quality development, our talent team were fully fostered and trained. Throughout the
     year, we gained 1 winner of “SINOPEC Scientiﬁc and Technical Meritorious Service Award”, 7 SINOPEC Outstanding Contribution
     Experts, 8 Min-Enze Young Scientiﬁc and Technical Talents and 35 persons with principal senior professional title. Technical and
     management professionals have created value on their positions, brought added value for customers, and played a leading role
     in the industry. We held a Summit Forum of High-quality Development of Petrochemical Industry under the Target of “Carbon
     Peaking and Carbon Neutrality”. The Forum invited academicians and experts to discuss green development and contributed
     wisdom and strength to industrial development together. The Forum attracted 1.8 million audiences online.

     Looking forward to the future, under the target of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality”, the constraint of resources and
     environment will have a profound impact on the development of the energy and petrochemical industry. The development of the
     industry will enter into a period requiring transformation and qualitative change, at same time of which the Group’s high-quality
     development will also come into a critical stage. At the beginning of 2023, SINOPEC Group brought forward a new strategic
     plan for high-quality development, following which we will strive our best along the road towards premium products, reputable
     brand, leading innovation and modern governance. We will coordinate and make overall plan to effectively carry out the high-
     quality development of the Group, striding towards the goal of making the Group world’s leading technology-oriented engineering
     company.

     Enhance service capability to accelerate on the road towards premium products. We will pool superior resources to
     provide high-end consultation and reliable engineering service for the green transformation and development of the energy and
     petrochemical industry, in order to realize the target of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality”. Every major project is of vital
     importance for clients’ long-term development. We will enhance intrinsic safety in the process of engineering design with focus on
     project progress, quality, proﬁt and process control, so as to meet the higher request of customers at home and abroad. We will
     pursue practical actions to effectively enhance the construction guarantee and capability for major projects to build high quality
     projects. Smart design to be continuously improved to extend the digital engineering towards smart plant, through which we will
     accelerate the creation of full lifecycle digital engineering value chain.

     Coordinate soft power and hard power to accelerate on the road towards reputable brand. We will firmly pursue the
     practice of using advanced technology under scientiﬁc and standardized management to ensure reliable product quality, which
     will not only create value for clients, but also facilitate us to win a broader market. We will actively participate in the “Belt and Road
     Initiative”. While winning important projects, we will promote our equipment, technology and standards going global to create
     an outstanding name card known for our excellent petrochemical engineering capability. In professional, highly-sophisticated,
     specialized and advanced areas, we will sharp the strength of our sub-brands to strive for the top position in their ﬁelds. We will
     actively participate in public service to give back to the society. We will fulﬁll our social responsibility to establish a good image
     and improve our brand reputation. We will put the concept of green, environmental protection and low-carbon into real practice to
     together build a beautiful homeland. We are committed to build a responsibility value chain to share beneﬁts with relevant parties,
     fully unleash our brand inﬂuence, and continue to build an integrated and harmonious engineering ecosystem.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      13




Take advantage of our unique strengths to accelerate on the road towards leading innovation. We will focus on the
development demands of the industry and fully leverage our own engineering and technological advantages. With focus on the
ﬁelds such as oil transformed to chemicals, oil producing chemicals, oil to special materials, new petrochemical materials and
the whole hydrogen energy industrial chain, we will enhance our capability in original innovation and integrated innovation, and
pursue a faster pace in developing new reﬁning and petrochemical integrated process and achieve process ﬂow optimization so
as to explore deeper in more advanced and more extensive area of scientiﬁc and technological innovation.

Release development momentum to accelerate on the road towards modern governance. We will continue to enhance
corporate governance, strengthen the construction of management system, consolidate the management foundation, and improve
the management penetration throughout the whole petrochemical engineering business chain. We will stress on risk-oriented
management and promote the integration and fusion of process system, internal risk control and compliance management. We
will give greater support targeted to introduce more high-caliber personnel, and implement training plans for outstanding engineers
and executive managers to ensure that more outstanding individuals could be continuously attracted in a long run. We will deepen
the reform of the internal allocation system by highlighting beneﬁt-oriented, and optimize a ﬂexible and efficient market-oriented
motivation and guarantee mechanism.

The roadmap has been drawn, and we are embarking on a long journey with heavy responsibility. SINOPEC Engineering Group
will remain true to our original aspiration and commit ourselves to the responsibility and mission entrusted by the era. With the
persistent efforts of the Board, executive staffs and all employees, under the strong support of shareholders and people from
all walks of life, I believe that SINOPEC Engineering Group will make concerted effort on high-standard corporate governance,
production and operation, transformation and development, scientific and technological innovation, reform management, risk
prevention and control, so as to create stronger momentum for the high-quality development of petrochemical industry. We will
present more quality service and bring greater value to shareholders, society and employees. We are committed to reward our
investors for your support and attention with excellent business achievement and performance!

                                                                                                                          SUN Lili

                                                                                                        Chairwoman of the Board
                                                                                                                  Beijing, the PRC

                                                                                                                   19 March 2023
14   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司   2022 年度報告




                 Integrated
                 Development
                 Quality
                 Products
                 Technological
                 Innovations
                 Digital
                 Empowerment




     14
 中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司          2022 年度報告
                                         15




Illustration:
Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Ethylene
Expansion Project


                                  15
16   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司        2022 年度報告

     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




          Integrated
          Development




     Sound Governance Structure


                                             General Meeting


                                                                        Supervisory
                                                                         Committee


                                             Board of Directors




                                                                  Strategy and
          Nomination     Remuneration         ESG Committee       Development    Audit Committee
          Committee       Committee                                Committee

                                                 Senior
                                               Management



     16
                                                                         中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司            2022 年度報告
                                                                                                                       17
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                                                                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




  2013
                            Listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 23 May
                            1,460 million H Shares were issued at Initial Public Offering and raised HK$13.94
                            billion of proceeds



  2023 *                  Size of assets
                              increased by
                                                  Cumulative
                                                   revenue
                                                                     Cumulative
                                                                      net profit
                                                                                         Cumulative total
                                                                                          distribution of
 * As at the end of the    RMB41.6 billion as     RMB476.4 billion   RMB23.9 billion        dividends
  reporting period         compared with the                                                  RMB12.1 billion
                          size at the beginning
                                 of listing




                                     The picture shows the Anqing Refining Reconstruction and Expansion Project




Focus on return of shareholders

Since listing, the Company has been focusing on the return to shareholders, and sharing the fruits of development
with shareholders

The Company maintained the continuity and stability of profit distribution policy, while looking after the long-term
interest of the Company, interests of all shareholders as a whole and sustainable development of the Company

Since listing, the cumulative total amount of dividends distributed reached RMB12.1 billion



Value the importance of communication with capital market

True, accurate, complete, timely and fair disclosure of information was provided to satisfy the requirements of the
relevant regulatory authorities

Two results announcements and road shows per year were organized by the management

Timely contact and communication with regulatory authorities and investors were conducted through various
channels to understand the regulatory requirements and satisfy the information needs of investors


                                                                                                                17
18   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司            2022 年度報告

     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




       Quality
       Products

     Adhere to the development goals of“Building the world’   s leading technology-oriented engineering company”by
     focusing on“value-oriented, innovation-driven, green and clean, talent-based, global development, fusion and
     symbiotic”corporate strategies, promote high-quality development with dedicated efforts, and make contributions to
     society and reward shareholders with sound and solid operating results and practicably undertaking responsibilities.




                    17,642       domestic                260    overseas
                                                         contracts were signed
                                                                                            8,310 domestic and
                    contracts were signed                                                   overseas projects were
                                                         Total value of overseas            completed
                    Total value of domestic
                    contracts was                        contracts Was
                    RMB   452.5 billion                  USD$   15.3 billion
                    22 awards for national               37   awards for national           2 awards for FIDIC
                    excellent design                     quality engineering                engineering projects
                    achievements                         projects




     The picture shows the CNOOC Huizhou Project


     18
                                       中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司                         2022 年度報告
                                                                                                     19
                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                                  2022 ANNUAL REPORT




List of representative projects in
the recent decade
 2022   Hainan Refining and Chemical Integration Project was delivered

        Saudi SABIC GAS Phase-9 Air Separation Project was completed




 2021   Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Ethylene Expansion Project was delivered

        Fujian Gulei Refining and Chemical Integration Project was delivered

        SINOPEC SABIC Polycarbonate Project was delivered

        Shandong LNG Project (Phase II) was delivered

        Saudi IBB Ammonia Production Project was completed




 2020   Zhongke Refining and Chemical Integration Project was delivered

        Sinochem Quanzhou Ethylene Project was delivered




 2019   Zhong An Coal Chemical Integration Project was delivered

        Malaysia RAPID Oil Refining Project Start-up of the Atmospheric Distillation Unit was completed

        US Formosa Plastics Project was delivered

        Saudi Fadhili Natural Gas Processing Project was completed




 2018   FCC Project of Kazakhstan Atyrau Refinery was commissioned




 2017   Tianjin LNG Project was delivered

        Thailand IRPC Polypropylene Project was delivered




 2016   Zhongtian Hechuang Coal Chemical Project was delivered

        Guangxi LNG Project was delivered




 2015   Plastics project of Inner Mongolia China Coal Mengda was delivered

        Aromatics Project of Kazakhstan Atyrau Refinery was delivered

        Saudi Yanbu Project was commissioned




 2014   Yuanba Natural Gas Purification Project was delivered

        Sinochem Quanzhou Project was delivered

        Shijiazhuang Oil Refining and Chemical Project (Phase I) was delivered

        Yulin Coal Chemical Project was delivered

        Pucheng DMTO-II device was delivered

        Zhejiang Xingxing DMTO and Polyolefin Projects were delivered




 2013   Wuhan ethylene project was delivered




                                                                                          19
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
2022 ANNUAL REPORT



  Domestic representative projects on display




 Fujian Gulei Refining and Chemical Integration   Zhongke Refining and Chemical Integration
 Project                                          Project




 Tianjin LNG Project                              Zhongtian Hechuang Coal Chemical Project




 Yuanba Natural Gas Purification Project          Hainan Polyester Raw Materials Project




20
                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT



Overseas representative projects on display




Malaysia RAPID Oil Refining Project   Saudi SABIC GAS Phase-9 Air Separation Project




Formosa Plastics Project in U.S.      FCC Project of Kazakhstan Atyrau Refinery




Thailand IRPC Polypropylene Project   Saudi Yanbu Project




                                                                                  21
22   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司        2022 年度報告

     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




          Technological
          Innovation




       Innovation-driven

                           We own and co-own the whole process technology of oil refining with independent intellectual
                           property rights, design and build a number of world-class thousand-ton scale refineries, and the
                           overall technology has reached the world-class advanced level, among which the technology of
                           catalytic cracking/catalytic cracking and clean gasoline production has reached the world-class
                           leading level.

                           Through the construction of a large-scale modern integrated refining and chemical plant, we have
          Refining         accumulated rich experience in optimizing the overall process of the whole plant, diversifying
           sector          ethylene raw materials and maximizing plant efficiency, and our engineering technology level and
                           ability to provide overall solutions have been recognized and improved.



                           We own and co-own the core petrochemical technologies for the production of ethylene, aromatics,
                           polyolefins and synthetic rubber by steam cracking, and we have designed and constructed a
                           number of world-class large-scale projects with a focus on million-tonne ethylene plants. The
                           complete set of ethylene oxide technology has been applied in industry, and the technology of
       Petrochemical       organic chemical raw materials such as propylene oxide has been successfully developed and has
                           been promoted and applied.
           sector


                           We have jointly developed technologies such as coal gasification, synthesis gas purification,
                           synthesis gas to methanol, and synthesis gas to ethylene glycol to achieve industrial application. We
                           completed the development of the pilot and large-scale demonstration plant process package for
                           coal-based synthesis gas-based SNG, forming a new type of full-process technology for coal chemical
                           industry with the Company’  s methanol-to-olefin technology, promoting the rapid development of
        New coal
                           the coal chemical industry.
     chemical sector


     22
                                                                                       中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司                2022 年度報告
                                                                                                                                       23
                                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                                                      图示 ：海南炼化一体化项目




                                                                         Editor-in-Chief                                Editor-in-Chief
         3,621               patent
                             authorizations                  90          National
                                                                         Standards                      320             Industry
                                                                                                                        Standards


                               We actively developed hydrogen energy technology breakthrough projects, and initially developed
                               the integration of gas energy production, storage and transportation and terminal utilization,
                               which provided technical support and guarantee for the Company’ s comprehensive expansion of
                               hydrogen energy business.

  New energy and               An industrial demonstration plant using the 1,000-ton high isotactic polybutene-1 technology has
                               been built, a 10,000-ton 48K large-tow carbon fiber plant has been built and put into operation, and
   new materials
                               a solution-based polyolefin elastomer (POE) technology pilot plant has been successfully put into
      sector                   production.


                               In the field of natural gas processing, we have overcome the key technology of high-acid natural gas
                               purification and solved the problem of ultra-large-scale safe and efficient purification treatment of
                               high-acid natural gas, and formed the deep purification processing technology of natural gas with
                               independent intellectual property rights. We have also developed a series of super large-scale LNG
     Natural gas               storage tank technology, forming a complete set of large-scale LNG receiving station technology,
     processing                which has been promoted and applied.
       sector


                               We have established“three systems and one platform”for construction technology management
                               of the Company, namely the construction technology standard system, the construction technology
                               visualization system and the efficient tooling system as well as the construction technology
 Construction technology       management core team, in order to create a new model of construction technology system and
  and construction ability     comprehensively improve the construction technology level and construction capability.
have been comprehensively
improved through practice


                                                                                                                               23
24   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司             2022 年度報告

     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
     2022 ANNUAL REPORT



          List of three national awards in the past ten years

                                                   2020
                                                 First prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award for
                                                 R&D and industrial application of a complete set of technology for




              319
                                                 complex material million-ton-level ethylene


                                                   2019
          Won                      awards
                                                 Second prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
          at or above the provincial             for development and application of a complete set of technolo-
          (ministerial) level                    gies for ultra-low sulfur emission and resource utilization of
                                                 reﬁning and chemical sulfur-containing waste gas


                                                   2018




               3
                                                 Second prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for high-eﬃciency catalysts and complete sets of technologies for
                                                 value-added conversion of dilute ethylene

          Won       National
          Technology Invention Awards              2017
                                                 First prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award for
                                                 development and application of a complete set of technologies
                                                 for large-scale modern coal chemical for coal-to-oil/oleﬁn




          Won  11          National
          Science and Technology
          Progress Awards
                                                 First prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award for
                                                 high-eﬃciency methanol-to-oleﬁn full process technology

                                                 Second Prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for deep delayed coking technology for improving light oil yield

                                                 Second prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for key technology and engineering application in lightweight
                                                 design and manufacturing of heavy pressure vessels


                                                   2015
                                                 Grand prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for development and application of a complete set of technolo-
                                                 gies for high-eﬃciency and environmental-friendly aromatics


                                                   2014
                                                 First prize of National Technology Invention Award for DMTO
                                                 technology from methanol

                                                 Second prize of National Technology Invention Award for new
                                                 technologies for the reduction of ﬁne particle pollutants in major
                                                 chemical plants

                                                 First prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award for
                                                 design, manufacture and maintenance of critical pressure vessels
                                                 under extreme conditions

                                                 Second prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for technological innovation and industrial application for full and
                                                 eﬃcient processing of high acid heavy crude oil


                                                   2013
                                                 Second prize of National Technology Invention Award for creation
                                                 and industrial application of new catalytic materials of fully
                                                 crystalline composite porous molecular sieves


                                                   2012
                                                 Grand prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award
                                                 for safe and eﬃcient development technology and industrial
                                                 application of super-large and ultra-deep high-sulfur gas ﬁelds



                                               Awarding authority: State Council of the People’s Republic of China




     24
                               中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司            2022 年度報告
                                                                         25
                           SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




“Development and application of high-efficiency and environmentally
friendly aromatics complete sets of technology”won the grand prize of
                     National Science and Technology Progress Award.




         “Application of super-large and ultra-high deep alpine sulfur
           gas field development technology”won the grand prize of
                    National Science and Technology Progress Award.



                                                                  25
26   中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司                         2022 年度報告

     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




          Digital
          Empowerment




     The picture shows a 3D model of the refinery.




       Digital transformation empowered by digital engineering
      Establishing digital delivery and other platforms to improve systems such as process design, engineering design and 3D collaborative design

      Improving the national standards for digital delivery of projects in the petrochemical industry and the implementation rules for digital delivery of projects




                                       40
      Achieved the first simultaneous construction and delivery of physical and digital plants for domestic refining and chemical integration projects




                        Nearly
                                                                             Zhongke Reﬁning and Chemical Integration Project   Baling Petrochemical Caprolactam Project
                                                                             Gulei Reﬁning and Chemical Integration Project     Guangdong Petrochemical Reﬁning and Chemical Integration Project

                        digital delivery of
                                                                             Zhenhai Reﬁning and Chemical Ethylene Project      Shenghong Reﬁning and Chemical Integration Project


                        large-scale projects
                                                                             Hainan Reﬁning and Chemical Ethylene Project       New reﬁnery project in Kuwait




                                            479
                                                                             Tianjin Nangang Ethylene Project                   Malaysia RAPID Project
                                                                             Anqing Oil Conversion Project                      ……



                        Covering                                   sub-sectors of all domain business process

                        basic database



     26
                                                                                 中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司                      2022 年度報告
                                                                                                                                         27
                                                                            SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.
                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT




The Digital Delivery Standard of Petrochemical Engineering       The Group was awarded 9 outstanding engineering survey and
won the first prize of Standard Technology Innovation of China   design computer software by China Survey and Design Association.
Engineering Construction Standardization Association.




2016 Golden Valve Award                                          2021 Global Elite Awards
(Intergraph Smart 3D rendering and special tracks)               (Intergraph Smart Review Excellence in 3D Design)




                                                                                                                                    27
28   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
     DATA AND INDICATORS
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             29
30   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL DATA AND INDICATORS




     Summary of Financial Data and Indicators Prepared in Accordance with International Financial
     Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB’ 000

                                                     As at          As at           As at              As at          As at          Changes
                                              31 December    31 December     31 December        31 December    31 December      from the end
      Items                                          2022           2021            2020               2019           2018        of 2021 (%)

      Non-current assets                         8,312,570      7,979,567       7,409,911          7,256,957      7,034,787              4.2

      Current assets                            70,369,169    64,937,676       64,055,416        60,616,791     63,837,953               8.4

      Current liabilities                       46,475,288    41,370,338       40,672,278        37,791,658     41,998,840              12.3

      Non-current liabilities                    2,166,941      2,423,569       2,537,011          2,811,549      2,890,751            (10.6)

      Consolidated equity attributable to
        equity holders of the Company           30,034,207    29,118,084       28,251,172        27,265,976     25,978,646               3.1

      Net assets per share of equity
        holders of the Company (RMB)                  6.78           6.58            6.38               6.16           5.87              3.1

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB’ 000

                                                                       Year ended 31 December                                  Changes over
                                                                                                                                  the same
                                                                                                                                   period of
      Items                                          2022           2021            2020               2019           2018         2021 (%)

      Revenue                                   53,028,139    57,759,590       52,352,584        52,261,051     47,019,024              (8.2)

      Gross profit                               5,612,325      6,468,189       5,714,072          5,482,733      5,195,574            (13.2)

      Operating profit                           1,810,813      1,701,898       2,204,379          2,017,007      1,435,534              6.4

      Profit before taxation                     2,762,276      2,592,407       3,010,562          2,827,400      2,121,515              6.6

      Profit attributable to equity holders
        of the Company                           2,281,800      2,129,589       2,381,905          2,183,457      1,679,472              7.1

      Basic earnings per share (RMB)                  0.52           0.48            0.54               0.49           0.38              7.1

      Net cash flow generated from
        operating activities                     6,809,048      2,943,228       2,956,836           300,047       6,104,192            131.3

      Net cash flow generated from
        operating activities per share
        (RMB)                                         1.54           0.66            0.67               0.07           1.38            131.3
                                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.              2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              31




                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

  Items                                                                  2022               2021                2020               2019                2018

  Gross profit margin (%)                                                10.6                11.2               10.9                10.5               11.0

  Net profit margin (%)                                                    4.3                3.7                4.6                 4.2                3.6

  Return on assets (%)    (1)
                                                                           3.0                3.0                3.4                 3.1                2.6

  Return on equity (%)   (2)
                                                                           7.6                7.3                8.4                 8.0                6.5

  Return on invested capital (%)(3)                                        7.8                7.5                8.6                 8.3                6.7




                                                                       As at               As at              As at              As at               As at
                                                                31 December         31 December        31 December        31 December         31 December
  Items                                                                2022                2021               2020               2019                2018

  Asset-liability ratio (%)(4)                                           61.8                60.1               60.5                59.8               63.3

                                                             Proﬁt for the period
(1)     Return on assets =
                                          (The opening total assets + The closing total assets)/2

                                              Proﬁt for the period
(2)     Return on equity =
                                      Total equity at the end of the period

                                                      Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) for the period x (1 – effective income tax rate)
(3)     Return on invested capital =
                                              Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period – Credit loans + Total equity at the end of the period

                                  Total liabilities at the end of the period
(4)     Asset-liability ratio =
                                      Total assets at the end of the period
32   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND
     SHAREHOLDINGS OF SUBSTANTIAL
     CHANGES IN SHARE
     SHAREHOLDERS
     CAPITAL AND
     SHAREHOLDINGS
     OF SUBSTANTIAL
     SHAREHOLDERS
        SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     33




 CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND
SHAREHOLDINGS OF SUBSTANTIAL
               SHAREHOLDERS
34   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND
     SHAREHOLDINGS OF SUBSTANTIAL
     SHAREHOLDERS




     1 Changes in the Share Capital of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Share

                                                       As at 31 December 2021                  Increase/Decrease during the Reporting Period (+, -)               As at 31 December 2022

                                                        Number       Percentage (%) New shares issued                     Others               Subtotal               Number       Percentage (%)

      Promoter shares (Domestic Shares)            2,967,200,000                 67.01                    –                     –                      –       2,967,200,000                67.01

      Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)    1,460,800,000                 32.99                    –                     –                      –       1,460,800,000                32.99

      Total number of shares                       4,428,000,000                100.00                    –                     –                      –       4,428,000,000               100.00


     2 Shareholdings of Substantial Shareholders
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were a total of 921 shareholders of the Company. As at 19 March 2023, the public
     float of the Company satisfied the minimum requirements under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”) according to the information publicly available to the Company
     and to the knowledge of the Directors.

     (1)     Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Share

                                                                                          Number of                                                    Percentage as at the end of
                                                            Increase/              Domestic Shares                    Number of                           the Reporting Period
                                                      Decrease during             held as at the end          H Shares held as at
                                                        the Reporting               of the Reporting               the end of the                     In total share           In relevant class
      Name of Shareholders                                Period (+, -)                       Period            Reporting Period                         capital (%)               of shares (%)

      China Petrochemical Corporation(1)                               0                 2,967,200,000                               –                       67.01                       100.00

      HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED                                   -515,000                               –             1,453,229,280                            32.83                        99.52

      ZHANG SAIYU                                                      0                              –                  2,900,000                             0.07                        0.20

      HUI MO CHEE                                                      0                              –                     870,000                            0.01                        0.06

      HUI SIU SHUN WAN                                                 0                              –                     340,000                            0.01                        0.02

      WONG CHOK SHUN                                                   0                              –                     300,000                            0.01                        0.02

      WONG CHUI CHUNG                                                  0                              –                     295,000                            0.01                        0.02

      WONG SIU JUNK                                           +200,000                                –                     200,000                            0.00                        0.01

      CHAN LAI KUEN SELINA                                             0                              –                     195,500                            0.00                        0.01

      WONG CHUI CHUNG                                                  0                              –                     195,500                            0.00                        0.01

      LAM YICK KEUNG GEORGE                                   +150,000                                –                     150,000                            0.00                        0.01

      Statement on the connected relationship or
                                                                      The Company is not aware of any connection or acting in concert among or
         acting in concert among or between the
                                                                                between the aforementioned top ten shareholders
         aforementioned shareholders
                                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                35




(2)    Information disclosed according to the Securities and Futures Ordinance
In accordance with the archiving notice submitted through Disclosure of Interests Online System, save as the information
disclosed below, as at the end of the Reporting Period, to the knowledge of the Board, no person(s) had an interest or short
position in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of the Company (other than a Director, chief executive of the Company
or supervisor of the Company (the “Supervisor”)) which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) or, who was, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal
value of any class of share capital carrying the rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of the Company:

                                                                                            Number of shares       Percentage in
                                                                                           with interests held      shares of the         Percentage in the
                                                                                               or regarded as     Company of the       total share capital of
  Name of Shareholders                  Class of share                        Capacity     being held (Share)    same class (%)(6)      the Company (%)(7)

  China Petrochemical Corporation(1)    Domestic Share      Beneﬁcial owner/Interests of     2,967,200,000 (L)          100.00 (L)                  67.01 (L)
                                                                 controlled corporation

                                                                Interests of controlled      132,185,946 (L)              9.05 (L)                  2.99 (L)
  FMR LLC(2)                                  H Share
                                                                           corporation

                                                                                             117,005,232 (L)              8.01 (L)                  2.64 (L)
  Brown Brothers Harriman & Co.(3)            H Share                            Agent
                                                                                             117,005,232 (P)             8.01 (P)                   2.64 (P)

  Pandanus Associates Inc.(4)                                   Interests of controlled       88,066,353 (L)              6.03 (L)                  1.99 (L)
                                              H Share
                                                                           corporation

  Pandanus Partners L.P.(4)                                     Interests of controlled       88,066,353 (L)              6.03 (L)                  1.99 (L)
                                              H Share
                                                                           corporation

  FIL Limited(4)                                                Interests of controlled       88,066,353 (L)              6.03 (L)                  1.99 (L)
                                              H Share
                                                                           corporation

  BlackRock, Inc.(5)                                            Interests of controlled       73,123,691 (L)              5.01 (L)                  1.65 (L)
                                              H Share
                                                                           corporation

Notes: (L): long position; (S): short position; (P): lending pool.

Notes:
(1)    China Petrochemical Corporation (the “Sinopec Group”) directly and/or indirectly holds 2,967,200,000 domestic shares of the Company
       (“Domestic Shares”), representing 100% of the Domestic Shares and approximately 67.01% of the total share capital of the Company,
       respectively. Sinopec Assets Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinopec Group and directly holds 59,344,000 Domestic
       Shares, representing 2.00% of the Domestic Shares and approximately 1.34% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively. For the
       purposes of the SFO, Sinopec Group is also deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by Sinopec Assets Management Co., Ltd.
(2)    The information is based on the Corporate Substantial Shareholders Notice dated 8 July 2022 and ﬁled by FMR LLC with the Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange.
(3)    The information is based on the Corporate Substantial Shareholders Notice dated 25 August 2022 and ﬁled by Brown Brothers Harriman &
       Co. with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
(4)    The information is based on the Corporate Substantial Shareholders Notices dated 22 August 2022 and ﬁled by Pandanus Associates Inc.,
       Pandanus Partners L.P. and FIL Limited with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. According to these notices, Pandanus Associates Inc. holds
       100% interest in Pandanus Partners L.P. and Pandanus Partners L.P. holds 36.86% interest in FIL Limited.
(5)    The information is based on the Corporate Substantial Shareholders Notice dated 24 March 2022 and ﬁled by BlackRock, Inc. with the Hong
       Kong Stock Exchange.
(6)    It is calculated on the basis that the Company has issued 2,967,200,000 Domestic Shares and 1,460,800,000 H Shares.
(7)    It is calculated on the basis that the Company has issued 4,428,000,000 Shares in total.
36   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

     BUSINESS REVIEW AND
     PROSPECTS
        SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                     37




BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
38   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS




     1 Business Review

     (1) Operating Environment
     In 2022, China’s economy was subject to repeated impact of
     multiple unexpected factors. Facing the severe and complex
     situations, the Chinese government adhered to the general
     keynote of seeking progress while maintaining stability, efficiently
     made overall plans for economic and social development,
     effectively made response to internal and external challenges,
     and maintained sustainable development of the national
     economy despite pressure, realizing GDP growth of 3.0% in
     2022.

     2022 is an extraordinary and challenging year. The downward
     pressure on the global economy increased, geopolitical
     fluctuations intensified, energy prices fluctuated substantially,
     and the unexpected changes of domestic and international
     situations occurred one after another. Facing enormous pressure
     and great challenge, under the strong leadership of the Board,
     the Group did the best to stabilize operation and explore market,
     seek innovation to promote development, focus efforts on reform
     and strengthen management, prevent risks and insist on the
     bottom line, firmly brought the basic situations of production
     and operation under control, and made hard-won business
     achievements.

     From the point of view of industrial development, domestically,
     the construction of large refining and chemical integration
     projects has been promoted with high quality, the pace of
     transformation and upgrading of “conversion from oil to chemical
     products” and “conversion from oil to special products” has been
     accelerated, the layout of high-end new material projects has
     been accelerated, and the level of intensification, integration,
     high-end trend and cleanliness of the petrochemical industry         Mr. Jiang Dejun Director of the Board and the President
     has been continuously improved; a large batch of LNG receiving
     terminal projects have entered the peak period of construction
     and delivery, and satisfied the growth of relevant demand; in
     terms of new energy, the development was prosperous, the
     proportion of related investment continued to rise, and the coupled and integrated development of hydrogen production by wind
     and solar power generation and traditional energy has become a trend.

     Overseas, geopolitical conﬂicts led to a signiﬁcant increase of global demand for oil from the Middle East, multiple large-size
     integrated petrochemical projects have been restarted and entered substantive bidding phase; the economy of Southeast Asia
     continued to resume in terms of domestic demand and export, the reﬁning and chemical industry has entered a prosperity cycle,
     and the willingness to increase production capacity has been signiﬁcantly enhanced; the petroleum production of Africa remained
     stable generally; although limited by the lack of funds and backward infrastructure, it still has great potential.
                                                                        SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                   39




(2) Operation Overview
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total revenue was RMB53.028 billion, profits attributable to equity holders of the
Company was RMB2.282 billion. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s backlog was RMB112.231 billion, representing
an increase of 21.0% on a year-on-year basis; the value of new contracts entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period
was RMB72.525 billion, representing an increase of 14.8% on a year-on-year basis.

The business of the Group mainly comprises four segments: (1) engineering, consulting and licensing; (2) engineering,
procurement and construction contracting (“EPC Contracting”); (3) construction and (4) equipment manufacturing.

The following table sets forth the revenue generated from each of the segments and their respective percentage of the Group’s
total revenue (before inter-segment elimination) during the periods indicated:

                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                    2022                                         2021

                                                             Percentage of                                 Percentage of
                                            Revenue           total revenue              Revenue            total revenue              Change

                                           (RMB’ 000)                   (%)            (RMB’ 000)                    (%)                   (%)

 Engineering, consulting and
   licensing                                3,370,136                   5.7             3,863,479                    5.8                 (12.8)

 EPC Contracting                           29,586,178                  49.8            35,704,443                   54.0                 (17.1)

 Construction                              25,600,495                  43.1            25,539,549                   38.6                   0.2

 Equipment manufacturing                     829,751                    1.4             1,036,860                    1.6                 (20.0)

 Subtotal                                  59,386,560                 100.0            66,144,331                  100.0                 (10.2)

 Total (after inter-segment
   elimination)(1)                         53,028,139                   N/A            57,759,590                    N/A                  (8.2)

Note:
(1)   “Total (after inter-segment elimination)” means the aggregate revenue generated from each business segment after inter-segment elimination
      to exclude the impact of inter-segment transactions. Inter-segment elimination mainly arises from the inter-segment sales to the EPC
      Contracting segment made by the engineering, consulting and licensing, engineering construction and equipment manufacturing segments.
40   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from the engineering, consulting and licensing business reached RMB3.370
     billion, representing a decrease of 12.8% on a year-on-year basis, it was mainly caused by the decrease of design business
     volume; the revenue from the EPC Contracting business reached RMB29.586 billion with a year-on-year decrease of 17.1%,
     which was mainly attributable to the impact of project implementation cycle, the closure of large projects such as Zhenhai Base
     project, Crude Oil Storage Facility Project Cluster and Gulei Reﬁnery and Chemical integration project, projects such as Huizhou
     Ethylene were at initial stage of construction, showing year-on-year decrease of revenue; the construction business revenue
     amounted to RMB25.600 billion, which was flat year-on-year; the equipment manufacturing business revenue amounted to
     RMB830 million, representing a decrease of 20.0% on a year-on-year basis, which was mainly due to the decreased business
     volume in the manufacturing and the impact of temporary suspension of work.

     The following table sets forth the revenue generated from different industries in which the Group’s clients operate for the periods
     indicated:

                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                     2022                                    2021

                                                             Percentage of                            Percentage of
                                             Revenue          total revenue           Revenue          total revenue           Change

                                            (RMB’ 000)                 (%)          (RMB’ 000)                  (%)                (%)

      Oil refining                           7,421,327                14.0          13,142,234                 22.8               (43.5)

      Petrochemicals                        31,606,768                59.6          30,022,255                 52.0                 5.3

      New coal chemicals                      912,927                   1.7          1,353,656                  2.3               (32.6)

      Storage & transportation
        and others                          13,087,117                24.7          13,241,445                 22.9                (1.2)

      Total                                 53,028,139               100.0          57,759,590                100.0                (8.2)


     The Group’s revenue mainly comes from providing services to customers in oil reﬁning, petrochemicals, new coal chemicals,
     storage and transportation and other industries. During the Reporting Period, contributed by the revenue of large-scale
     petrochemical projects such as Hainan Reﬁning Ethylene and Huizhou Ethylene, the Group’s revenue from the petrochemical
     industry was RMB31.607 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.3%. Due to the decrease of current contracts in the oil
     reﬁning and new coal chemical industry, the revenue from the oil reﬁning industry was RMB7.421 billion, representing a decrease
     of 43.5% on a year-on-year basis, the revenue from new coal chemicals industry was RMB913 million, representing a decrease of
     32.6% on a year-on-year basis. The revenue from storage and transportation and other industries was RMB13.087 billion, which
     remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                    2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                   41




The following table sets forth the Group’s revenue generated in the PRC and overseas for the periods indicated:

                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                2022                                            2021

                                                         Percentage of                                       Percentage of
                                        Revenue           total revenue                 Revenue               total revenue             Change

                                       (RMB’ 000)                    (%)              (RMB’ 000)                       (%)                  (%)

 PRC                                   48,837,100                    92.1             53,120,489                      92.0                 (8.1)

 Overseas                               4,191,039                     7.9              4,639,101                       8.0                 (9.7)

 Subtotal                              53,028,139                100.0                57,759,590                     100.0                 (8.2)


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue generated in the PRC was RMB48.837 billion, representing a decrease of 8.1%
on a year-on-year basis, which was mainly due to the impact of construction cycle of domestic projects; the revenue generated
from overseas was RMB4.191 billion, representing a decrease of 9.7% on a year-on-year basis, it was mainly affected by the
decrease in newly signed contracts and insufficient backlogs of overseas projects.

The following table sets forth the Group’s new contract and backlog for the periods indicated:

                                     Year ended 31 December 2022            Year ended 31 December 2021
                                       For the twelve-month period             For the twelve-month period                              Change

                                                        (RMB’ 000)                             (RMB’ 000)                                   (%)

 New contract                                           72,524,941                             63,150,160                                  14.8


                                           As at 31 December 2022                 As at 31 December 2021                                Change

                                                        (RMB’ 000)                             (RMB’ 000)                                   (%)

 Backlog                                               112,231,153                             92,734,351                                  21.0


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the backlog of the Group amounted to RMB112.231 billion, representing an increase of
21.0% as compared to that as at 31 December 2021, and was 2.1 times of the total revenue of RMB53.028 billion in 2022. During
the Reporting Period, the value of new contracts amounted to RMB72.525 billion, representing an increase of 14.8% on a year-
on-year basis.
42   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     The following table sets forth the Group’s capital expenditure for the periods indicated:

                                                 As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                        Change

                                                             (RMB’ 000)                          (RMB’ 000)                          (%)

      Capital expenditure                                     1,099,491                          1,341,166                        (18.0）


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s capital expenditure was approximately RMB1.099 billion, representing a decrease of
     18.0% on a year-on-year basis. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s capital expenditure was mainly used for contract energy
     management, purchase of large-scale lifting and transportation equipment and specialized construction equipment informatization
     construction office facilities and other supporting auxiliary construction, etc.

     The discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationships with its major stakeholders and compliance with applicable
     laws and regulations are set out in the “28. Report on Corporate Environmental, Social and Governance” on page 107 of this
     report.


     (3) Business Highlights
     Powerful promotion of major projects
     Hainan Refining and Chemical Integration Project: please refer to the 2020 annual report dated 21 March 2021 and
     announcement dated 16 April 2021 published by the Company for further details. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
     project has been delivered, devices have been brought into commission production in succession.

     Tianjin Nangang Ethylene Project: please refer to the announcement dated 19 April 2022 published by the Company for further
     details. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the project was in the stage of rapid construction, and the overall progress was over
     60%.

     Baling Caprolactam Project: please refer to the announcement dated 22 October 2021 published by the Company for further
     details. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the project was in the ﬁnal stage of construction, and the overall progress was
     about 90%.

     Xinjiang Kuqa Green Hydrogen Demonstration Project: please refer to the 2021 annual report dated 20 March 2022 published by
     the Company for further details. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the project was in the stage of rapid construction, and the
     overall progress was over 80%.

     Tianjin LNG Project (Phase II): please refer to the 2020 annual report dated 21 March 2021 published by the Company for further
     details. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the project was in the ﬁnal stage of construction, and the overall progress was
     about 90%.

     Shandong LNG Project (Phase II): please refer to the 2021 annual report dated 20 March 2022 and announcement dated 19 April
     2022 published by the Company for further details. During the Reporting Period, the project was in the ﬁnal stage of construction,
     and the overall progress was over 90%.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      43




Wenzhou LNG Project: please refer to the announcement dated 16 April 2021 published by the Company for further details. As at
the end of the Reporting Period, the project was in the ﬁnal stage of construction, and the overall progress was over 90%.

Longkou LNG Project: please refer to the announcement dated 24 February 2022 published by the Company for further details.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the project entered the peak period of construction, and the overall progress was about
50%.

Russia AGCC Project: during the Reporting Period, some relevant work in the Russian AGCC project was rescheduled according
to the owner’s requirements, and the backlog of the project remained in the Group’s current contract.

Market development has made further success
During the Reporting Period, the value of new contracts signed by the Group was RMB72.525 billion, representing an increase of
14.8% on a year-on-year basis.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has made a new record of value of domestic contracts newly signed, reaching RMB65.324
billion, with a year-on-year increase of 19.9%. Newly signed contracts include the BEPC contract for the Huizhou Ethylene Project
with a total contract value of approximately billions of dollars; EPC contract for the Tianjin Nangang Ethylene and Downstream
High-end New Material Industry Cluster Project with a total contract value of approximately RMB10.033 billion; EPC contract for
the Zhenhai Reﬁning and Chemical, and High-end Synthetic New Materials Project with a total contract value of approximately
RMB7.945 billion; EPC contract for the Longkou LNG Receiving Terminal of Sinopec, with a total contract value of approximately
RMB2.310 billion; EPC contract for the Receiving Terminal of Guangxi LNG Expansion Project (Phase III), with a total contract
value of approximately RMB2.357 billion. During the reporting period, the Group has signed 129 contracts in the ﬁeld of “three-new”
(new energy, new materials and new economy), the value of contracts newly signed has reached RMB4.65 billion, and the Group
has accelerated new business development.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has explored and opened up a new horizon in international market. The Group has
made new breakthrough in African market, signed two EPCC general contracts of LNG storage tank project and MTBE project
of Algerian National Oil Company, with the contract value of USD182 million and USD315 million respectively; continued to
consolidate Middle East market, signed a series of engineering service contracts with Saudi Aramco and SABIC, and made
breakthroughs in new countries and new ﬁelds in Iraq, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar; has activated the “technology+”
high-end engineering services in Central Asian market, successfully signed the design, purchase and equipment manufacturing
contracts of MTO project in Uzbekistan; and has successfully obtained certain front-end design consulting business in Southeast
Asia, laying a solid foundation for the subsequent EPC project development.
44   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     Technical innovation guiding industrial development
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has made prominent achievements in research and development of science and
     technology. The Group signed 301 new technology development contracts and 92 new technology licensing contracts in the
     entire year, with a technology development and technology license amount of RMB855 million, reaching historical high; all of the
     engineering technology innovations closely focused on the Company’s strategic development and technical requirements of the
     engineering market, the key scientiﬁc research projects were steadily advanced, and new progress was made in tackling key core
     technologies.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group completed 771 new patent applications, among which, 540 were invention patents,
     accounting for 70%; the Group also had 543 newly licensed patents, 284 of which were invention patents, patent quality has been
     continuously optimized.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group received a total of 62 science and technology progress awards in scientiﬁc and technical
     innovation and engineering construction ﬁelds at the provincial and above level. Among these awards, we won 8 ﬁrst prizes, 7
     second prizes and 5 third prizes of Sinopec Science and Technology Progress Award; 15 prizes of other provincial and ministerial
     level awards for scientiﬁc and technological progress; 5 prizes of the national high quality projects award; 4 prizes of the national
     excellent design award.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has optimized transformation reservation focusing on Carbon Peaking and Carbon
     Neutrality target, completed feasibility research for in-depth coupled application of high temperature gas cooled reactor in
     petrochemical industry, and propelled carbon reduction from the source in petrochemical industry; carried out summary and
     research of carbon sources in the petrochemical industry, proposed carbon neutrality strategies and implementation routes, and
     concurrently organized development and reservation of related technologies from the source, in process and at terminal.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has continued to optimize scientiﬁc and technical innovation mechanism, and formulated
     administration method of “public offer of reward for scientiﬁc and technical innovation”, taking an important step in exploration of
     scientiﬁc and technical innovation mechanism.

     Enable intelligent factories with digital engineering technology
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has completed digital delivery of nearly 40 large-size projects, laying an important
     foundation for construction of intelligent factories. Aiming at advanced level of digital engineering capability in the industry,
     the Group has continued to deepen the application of digital technology, closely adapted itself to the implementation demand
     of domestic and foreign projects, established and optimized the system basic platform, digital service platform and integrated
     design platform, and continuously enhanced the efficiency and quality of engineering design; on the basis of the new demand of
     digital delivery and intelligent management of customers in the industry, the Group has developed integrated platform for delivery
     and application based on the industrial Internet platform, realized the integrated collaboration of design, construction, delivery,
     intelligent factory construction and production consultation services, enabled factory operation and maintenance with digital
     delivery, and propelled the extension of digital engineering construction towards intelligent factories.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group has continuously optimized the application architecture and implementation program in
     business ﬁeld of oil reﬁning and petrochemical, brought business management platform online, deployed data service platform,
     and established low-code development platform, making initial achievements of data governance and fusion of data and industry.

     Continuous enhancement of production and operation capability
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has continuously strengthened lean management, and optimized full-cycle revenue
     and cost plan of projects. The Group has promoted enhancement of efficiency and beneﬁt of projects through standardization
     of design and optimization of design, formed 61 achievements for optimization of design which can be promoted and applied
     and 74 standardized design achievements in the entire year, and propelled saving of design resources and project cost. The
     Group has optimized subcontracting management, dynamically adjusted contractor evaluation, and effectively enhanced project
     implementation quality. The Group has organized management benchmarking, and optimized purchase program, so that
     purchase price negotiation and project supply assurance capability have been continuously enhanced. The Group has propelled
     application of advanced tools setup, strengthened application of automatic welding technology and equipment in 29 projects, so
     that the proportion of application of automatic welding has showed 7% year-on-year growth. The Group has further enhanced
     large-size equipment manufacturing capability, the maximum diameter of reaction settling vessel shell manufactured on the
     site of Anqing transformation and update project has reached 18m, making a record of non-standard equipment in China. The
     Group has brought into play the integration advantages of technology research and development, engineering design, equipment
     manufacturing and construction, has efficiently and collaboratively tackled technical problems of several new material projects,
     and opened up full procedure of engineering technology transformation. During the Reporting Period, the Group has executed
     1,192 projects in China and foreign countries, and energetically ensured project operation.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     45




Maintenance of excellent state of safety, quality and environmental protection
During the Reporting Period, the Group has mitigated major risks and enhanced inherent quality and aesthetic quality through
comprehensive governance and special action focusing on the main line of promotion of system development, optimization
of capability, paying close attention on implementation and construction of shelter. The Group has continued to propel the
implementation of the QHSE management system, optimize intrinsic safety and technological support, and propel green
enterprise actions, so as to ensure that the safety, quality and clean production situation of the Company are continuously stable
and under control.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has obtained more than 20 provincial and ministerial design and welding quality awards,
73 projects have passed green construction site evaluation, and 9 units have successfully passed review for creation of green
enterprises. As of the end of this report period, the Group has completed 250 million man/hours of safe production, and realized
annual goals on quality improvement, environmental protection, etc.

Continuous enhancement of management effectiveness through reform and development
During the Reporting Period, the Group has continued to optimize international business organization architecture, management
mechanism and operation mode, integrated advantageous resources and exerted the overall composition of force, laying a solid
foundation for high-quality development of the overseas business; the Group has compiled and issued “Major Operation Risks
Control Manual of SINOPEC SEG”, continuously optimized major risk events and indicators follow-up monitoring system, and
further enhanced the risk management capability of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, benchmarking our work with international leading standards, the Company has strengthened
compliance governance, and successfully passed the ISO 37301 compliance management system certification of LRQA,
becoming one of the first batch of professional companies in China and the first professional company in the petrochemical
industry to pass this certification, creating a new mode of compliance management control featuring our own business
characteristics; meanwhile, we have actively implemented management penetration enhancement action, clarified the
management interface of the entire business chain, and continued to propel the integration of management system.

Development on the foundation of talent team construction
During the Reporting Period, the Group has energetically propelled the development strategy of “talent-based development
of enterprise” and optimized talent cultivation mode. The Group has established “Future Scientist” platform to carry out Young
Scientiﬁc and Technical Elites Contest. A batch of young scientiﬁc and technical talents with development potential and forward-
looking innovation projects have become eminent, in which 2 outstanding young persons were honored with the title of “Outstanding
Young Scientiﬁc and Technical Innovation Talents of Sinopec”.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has implemented the “Young Talents Cultivation Plan” for the first time, selected 34
outstanding young talents for serving temporary positions in other units and other posts, and strengthened source cultivation,
practice cultivation and accurate cultivation of young cadre by providing stage and assigning responsibilities to them, so as to
enhance the comprehensive capability and qualiﬁcation and achieve collaborative development of talents and enterprise.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has continuously optimized the construction of talent growth channel, and established
database of 267 experts of 41 ﬁelds such as factory design, engineering construction and functional management. 1 winner of
“Sinopec Scientiﬁc and Technical Meritorious Service Award”, 7 Sinopec Outstanding Contribution Experts, 8 Min Enzhe Young
Scientiﬁc and Technical Talents and 35 persons with principal senior professional title have been added in the year.
46   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     2 Business Prospects
     2023 will be a key year acting as a connecting link between the preceding and the following for implementation of the “14th ﬁve-
     year” plan. Even though the external environment is complicated and tough, but the fundamental state that Chinese economy
     has high resilience, huge potential, sufficient vitality, and long-term good trend have not changed. As various policies have been
     implemented and reﬁned continuously, the endogenous driving force of economic growth will be continuously accumulated and
     strengthened, and China’s economy will hopefully improve as a whole.

     Opportunities and challenges coexist on the road ahead. From the point of view of opportunities, the essential requirements
     and strategic arrangements of Chinese modernization have created an excellent macro-environment and provided a larger
     development space for the high-quality development of the petrochemical industry. From the point of view of challenges, the world
     economic recovery is weak, and technological changes have reshaped comparative advantages of competition; the petrochemical
     industry should adjust the energy structure to promote emission reduction, propel low-carbon energy utilization, and explore new
     green and low-carbon businesses such as hydrogen energy, this imposes higher requirements on technological innovation of the
     Company in related ﬁelds.

     Looking forward to the future, the Group will always take “building high-quality factory genes and creating high-quality projects” as
     its own responsibility, focus on engineering innovation and value creation, guide continuous progress of petrochemical industry,
     make every effort to propel high-quality development in the process to beneﬁt human society and try the best to build the Group
     into a world’s leading technology-oriented engineering company.

     In 2023, the Group’s target for new contracts signed in China is RMB50 billion and target for new overseas contracts is USD1.5
     billion.

     In terms of the scientific and technical innovation, the Group will focus on the development target of “becoming more
     premium, more intensive and more differentiated”, strengthen and optimize technologies in traditional advantages fields, and
     speed up integration, innovation and engineering transformation of new energy and new material technology at the same
     time, and continuously enhance independent innovation capability through continuous optimization of innovation system and
     mechanism. Firstly, explore the reform of system and mechanism of scientific research, further optimize the mechanism of
     “public offer of reward” for major technical problems tackling projects of the Company, enhance scientiﬁc resources innovation
     effectiveness, optimize overall planning and coordination, and continue to strengthen scientiﬁc and technical innovation capability.
     Secondly, profoundly study and interpret “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” target and strategy deployment, ﬁnd out new
     opportunities for technical development of the Company under the restriction of “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” target,
     carry out research of coupled application of nuclear power and oil reﬁning and chemical industry, put forth efforts on development
     of core technical competitive power, and continue to strengthen innovation capability for engineering technology. Thirdly, actively
     propel the progress of several major hydrogen energy projects, accelerate the formation of integrated R&D layout of hydrogen
     energy production, storage and transportation and terminal utilization, and form the technical characteristics of the Company.
     Fourthly, focus on tackling technical problems of “bottleneck” materials in new material ﬁeld, and strengthen original innovation
     capability, so as to make new breakthrough in ﬁelds, and lay a solid foundation for high-quality development of the Company.

     In terms of the market development, domestically, the Group will grasp the strategic opportunity period for the transformation
     and upgrading of the energy and chemical industry, make overall plan for internal and external advantageous resources, actively
     make efforts to obtain large-scale reﬁning and chemical engineering projects, and accelerate implement of work in the ﬁelds
     such as LNG, green power and green hydrogen, clean and efficient utilization of coal, CCUS and soil treatment along the coastal
     and riverside regions, so as to expand market share. The Group will accelerate the future market layout, pay close attention to
     the medium-term and long-term engineering market of petrochemical bases and oil reﬁning transformation and upgrading, and
     actively explore the market of large-scale industrial park projects, so as to provide new power for the sustainable development
     of the Company. The Group will actively explore emerging fields such as new energy, new materials, new processes, new
     technologies and new equipment, and accelerate the establishment of new strategic support points.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      47




Overseas, the Group will continue to strengthen the comprehensive analysis and judgment of the international political and
economic situations, the development trend of the global energy and chemical industry, the change of key target markets and
overseas business risks, cultivate the markets of key countries along “Belt and Road”, promote the market development of key
overseas projects as per high-quality standard, continuously consolidate the construction of relationship with key overseas
customers, continue to deepen all-round cooperation with international engineering companies, and improve and optimize
overseas marketing network. At the same time, the Group will strengthen the development of localization business operation
capability in overseas market, put forth efforts to cultivate implementation capability for overseas projects investment and
ﬁnancing as well as new mode, explore new development route for international operation and cultivate new kinetic energy for
development, and systematically enhance the comprehensive competitiveness of international business. The Group will continue
to consolidate the large-scale sustainable development trend in advantageous markets, strengthen training in emerging regional
markets, seek to expand business ﬁelds, and work hard for making more substantive breakthroughs.

In terms of the project implementation, the Group will take project cost as cardinal line, and focus on full process cost-beneﬁt
management and control of projects; continue to optimize project management mode, strengthen close cooperation between
all procedures and units of design, purchase and construction, and enhance efficiency and quality; propel standardization
construction of organization structure of projects, clarify standard for construction of organization structure of projects of the
Company, and enhance project implementation capability; bring the leading role of design into play, continue to propel the optimal
design and standardized design of the device, enhance the design quality and work efficiency, continue to carry out enhancement
of purchase management by benchmarking advanced standard, propel strategic purchase, and continuously enhance the
ability of purchase and supply assurance; strengthen subcontracting management, ensure to give priority to use of high-quality
resources, and continuously enhance the ability to guarantee construction resources; put forth efforts to propel the application of
advanced tool setup equipment such as automatic welding and welding robots, strengthen prefabrication, and enhance the level
of tool setup in construction business.

In terms of the development of talents team, the Group will grasp the key period of scientiﬁc and technical talents growth and
golden innovation period to speed up optimization of talent development mechanism featuring the characteristics of petrochemical
industry and international competitiveness on the basis of six major talent projects, and realize high-quality development of
talent work. Launch the training plan of “Getting Closer to Scientists” and “Approach Advanced Enterprises”, adopt the method of
“localization and globalization”, strengthen professional qualiﬁcation training, enhance the comprehensive qualiﬁcation and ability
of cadres and employees, accelerate the cultivation of a batch of strategic scientists, leading talents of engineering technology,
outstanding engineers, masters with superb skill and young person of outstanding scientiﬁc and technological ability, realize a
high degree of compatibility between talent growth and enterprise development, and make contribution to construction of talent
centers and innovation hubs of global importance for China.
48   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     MANAGEMENT’S
     DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS
               SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                            49




MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
50   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Group’s audited financial statements and the
     accompanying notes contained in this annual report. The relevant ﬁnancial data below, unless otherwise stated, are extracted
     from the Group’s audited ﬁnancial statements prepared according to the IFRS.



     1 Consolidated Results of Operations

     The following table sets forth the consolidated comprehensive income and comprehensive
     income statement of the Group for the indicated years.
                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                    2022                                     2021

                                                           Percentage of                            Percentage of
                                             Revenue        total revenue          Revenue           total revenue       Change

                                         (RMB’ 000)                  (%)          (RMB’ 000)                  (%)           (%)

      Revenue                             53,028,139               100.0         57,759,590                 100.0           (8.2)

      Cost of sales                      (47,415,814)               (89.4)       (51,291,401)               (88.8)          (7.6)

      Gross profit                         5,612,325                 10.6         6,468,189                  11.2          (13.2)

      Other income                           314,175                  0.6              111,613                0.2         181.5

      Selling and marketing
        expenses                             (156,816)               (0.3)         (144,504)                  (0.3)          8.5

      Administrative expenses             (1,273,588)                (2.4)        (1,293,004)                 (2.2)         (1.5)

      Research and development
        costs                             (2,577,892)                (4.9)        (2,379,149)                 (4.1)          8.4

      Other operating expenses               (110,024)               (0.2)        (1,118,375)                 (1.9)        (90.2)

      Other gains – net                         2,633                 0.0               57,128                0.1          (95.4)

      Operating profit                     1,810,813                  3.4         1,701,898                   2.9            6.4

      Finance income                       1,008,528                  1.9              954,622                1.7            5.6

      Finance expenses                        (73,491)               (0.1)             (82,796)               (0.1)        (11.2)

      Finance income – net                   935,037                  1.8              871,826                1.5            7.3

      Share of (losses)/profits of
        joint arrangements                        (76)               (0.0)               1,448                0.0         (105.2)

      Share of profit of associates           16,502                  0.0               17,235                0.0           (4.3)

      Profit before taxation               2,762,276                  5.2         2,592,407                   4.5            6.6

      Income tax expense                     (480,425)               (0.9)          (462,432)                 (0.8)          3.9

      Profit for the year                  2,281,851                  4.3         2,129,975                   3.7            7.1
                                                               SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 51




(1) Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total revenue decreased by 8.2% from RMB57.760 billion for the year ended 31
December 2021 to RMB53.028 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the impact of construction
cycle of projects, the revenue decreased year-on-year.


(2) Cost of sales
The cost of sales of the Group decreased by 7.6% from RMB51.291 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB47.416
billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the decrease of the purchase of relevant materials and
equipment and the decrease of subcontracting business value with the decrease of revenue.


(3) Gross profit
The gross proﬁt of the Group decreased by 13.2% from RMB6.468 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB5.612
billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, the gross proﬁt margin decreased from 11.2% for the same period of last year to
10.6%, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease of total revenue amount and proportion of engineering, consulting and
licensing and the EPC Contracting segment.


(4) Other income
Other income of the Group increased from RMB112 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB314 million for the year
ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the impact of the change in exchange rate, and the realization of exchange
gains of RMB230 million during the Reporting Period.


(5) Selling and marketing expenses
The selling and marketing expenses of the Group increased from RMB145 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
RMB157 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


(6) Administrative expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group decreased from RMB1.293 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB1.274
billion for the year ended 31 December 2022.


(7) Research and development costs
The research and development costs of the Group increased by 8.4% from RMB2.379 billion for the year ended 31 December
2021 to RMB2.578 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to the Group’s increased R&D investment in
“conversion from oil to chemical products”, “manufacture of chemical products from oil” and “conversion from oil to special
products” technology, high-end new materials, new energy and hydrogen energy, energy conservation and environmental
protection, digitization and construction automation, etc.


(8) Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses of the Group decreased from RMB1.118 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB110
million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease of the provision for impairment
during the Reporting Period.


(9) Other gains – net
The net other gains of the Group were RMB3 million.


(10) Operating profit
Due to the above reasons, the operating proﬁt of the Group increased by 6.4% from RMB1.702 billion for the year ended 31
December 2021 to RMB1.811 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022.
52   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     (11) Finance income – net
     The net ﬁnance income of the Group increased by 7.3% from RMB872 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB935
     million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the increase in deposit interest income.


     (12) Income tax expense
     The Group’s income tax expense increased by 3.9% from RMB462 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB480
     million for the year ended 31 December 2022, the effective income tax rate decreased from 17.8% to 17.4% on a year-on-year
     basis. The change in the effective income tax rate was mainly due to the proﬁt ﬂuctuation of certain subsidiaries with different tax
     rates.


     (13) Profit for the year
     Due to the above reasons, the proﬁt for the year increased by 7.1% from RMB2.130 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021
     to RMB2.282 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022.



     2 Discussion on the Results by Business Segments

     The following table sets forth the revenue, gross profit, gross profit margin, operating profit and
     operating profit margin of each of our business segments for the periods indicated:
                                                                                                                                                         Segment operating
                                       Segment revenue           Segment gross profit      Segment gross profit margin     Segment operating profit        profit margin

                                    Year ended 31 December      Year ended 31 December      Year ended 31 December         Year ended 31 December      Year ended 31 December

                                         2022            2021       2022           2021          2022            2021           2022           2021        2022            2021

                                           (RMB’000)                  (RMB’000)                            (%)                   (RMB’000)                           (%)

      Engineering, consulting and
         licensing                   3,370,136     3,863,479    1,046,112     1,269,322           31.0            32.9       104,380         106,695         3.1             2.8

      EPC Contracting               29,586,178    35,704,443    2,528,013     3,169,287            8.5             8.9       955,023         814,711         3.2             2.3

      Construction                  25,600,495    25,539,549    1,981,773     1,955,469            7.7             7.7       609,936         645,392         2.4             2.5

      Equipment manufacturing         829,751      1,036,860       56,427         74,111           6.8             7.1         7,570          14,386         0.9             1.4

      Unallocated                         N/A            N/A         N/A            N/A           N/A             N/A        133,904         120,714        N/A              N/A

      Subtotal                      59,386,560    66,144,331    5,612,325     6,468,189           N/A             N/A      1,810,813      1,701,898         N/A              N/A

      Total after inter-segment
         elimination (3)            53,028,139    57,759,590    5,612,325     6,468,189          10.6(1)         11.2(1)   1,810,813      1,701,898         3.4(2)         2.9(2)

     Notes:
     (1)    Total gross proﬁt margin is calculated based on total gross proﬁt divided by total revenue, and total revenue is the gross earnings generated
            after inter-segment elimination in all the business segments.
     (2)    Total operating proﬁt margin of the segment is calculated based on the total operating proﬁt of the segment divided by total revenue, and
            total revenue is the gross earnings generated after inter-segment elimination in all the business segments.
     (3)    Inter-segment elimination is mainly caused by the inter-segment sales made by the engineering, consulting and licensing, engineering
            construction and equipment manufacturing segments to the EPC Contracting segment. Other information on inter-segment sales is set out in
            Note 7 to the ﬁnancial statements contained in this annual report.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        53




Engineering, Consulting and Licensing
The operating results of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing business are as follows:
                                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                          2022                                             2021

                                                                      Percentage of                                    Percentage of
                                                   Amount          segment revenue                  Amount          segment revenue

                                                 (RMB’ 000)                    (%)                (RMB’ 000)                    (%)

 Revenue                                          3,370,136                   100.0               3,863,479                   100.0

 Cost of sales                                   (2,324,024)                  (69.0)              (2,594,157)                  (67.1)

 Gross profit                                     1,046,112                    31.0               1,269,322                    32.9

 Selling and marketing expenses                     (38,747)                   (1.1)                 (34,987)                   (0.9)

 Administrative expenses                           (246,856)                   (7.3)               (253,334)                    (6.6)

 Research and development costs                    (715,614)                  (21.2)               (738,621)                   (19.1)

 Other income and expenses                          59,485                      1.8                (135,685)                    (3.5)

 Operating profit                                  104,380                      3.1                 106,695                      2.8


(1) Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased
by 12.8% from RMB3.863 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB3.370 billion for the year ended 31 December
2022, which was mainly due to the decrease in engineering business volume.

(2) Cost of sales
The cost of sales of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased by 10.4% from RMB2.594 billion for
the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB2.324 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the cost
decrease corresponding to the decrease of business volume.

(3) Gross profit
The gross proﬁt of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased by 17.6% from RMB1.269 million for
the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB1.046 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to the decrease in
revenue. The gross proﬁt margin was 31.0%, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

(4) Selling and marketing expenses
The selling and marketing expenses of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment increased from RMB35 million
for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB39 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on
a year-on-year basis.

(5) Administrative expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased from RMB253 million for
the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB247 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on a
year-on-year basis.

(6) Research and development costs
The research and development costs of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased from RMB739
million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB716 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly
stable on a year-on-year basis.

(7) Operating profit
Due to the above reasons, the operating proﬁt of the Group’s engineering, consulting and licensing segment decreased from
RMB107 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB104 million for 2022.
54   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     EPC Contracting
     The operating results of the Group’s EPC Contracting business are as follows:
                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                  2022                                           2021

                                                                            Percentage of                                  Percentage of
                                                           Amount        segment revenue                   Amount       segment revenue

                                                         (RMB’ 000)                   (%)               (RMB’ 000)                  (%)

      Revenue                                            29,586,178                 100.0               35,704,443                100.0

      Cost of sales                                     (27,058,165)                (91.5)           (32,535,156)                  (91.1)

      Gross profit                                        2,528,013                   8.5                3,169,287                   8.9

      Selling and marketing expenses                        (61,238)                 (0.2)                 (57,216)                 (0.2)

      Administrative expenses                              (426,460)                 (1.4)                (436,966)                 (1.2)

      Research and development costs                     (1,153,146)                  3.9               (1,008,688)                 (2.8)

      Other income and expenses                             67,854                    0.2                 (851,706)                 (2.4)

      Operating profit                                     955,023                    3.2                 814,711                    2.3


     (1) Revenue
     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the Group’s EPC Contracting segment decreased by 17.1% from
     RMB35.704 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB29.586 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was
     mainly subject to the impact of project implementation cycle, the closure of large projects such as Zhenhai Base project, Crude Oil
     Storage Facility Project Cluster and Gulei Reﬁning and Chemical Integration project, projects such as Huizhou Ethylene were at
     initial stage of construction, showing year-on-year decrease of revenue to a certain extent.

     (2) Cost of sales
     The cost of sales of the Group’s EPC Contracting segment decreased by 16.8% from RMB32.535 billion for the year ended
     31 December 2021 to RMB27.058 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the corresponding
     decrease in costs with the revenue decrease.

     (3) Gross profit
     The gross proﬁt of the Group’s EPC Contracting segment decreased by 20.2% from RMB3.169 billion for the year ended 31
     December 2021 to RMB2.528 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, and the gross proﬁt margin decreased from 8.9% to
     8.5% on a year-on-year basis, which was mainly due to the impact of total revenue decrease and the labour price increase such
     as sub-contracting.

     (4) Selling and marketing expenses
     The selling and marketing expenses of the Group’s EPC Contracting segment increased from RMB57 million for the year ended
     31 December 2021 to RMB61 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year
     basis.

     (5) Administrative expenses
     The administrative expenses of the Group’s EPC Contracting segment decreased from RMB437 million for the year ended 31
     December 2021 to RMB426 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year
     basis.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        55




(6) Research and development costs
The research and development costs of the Group’s EPC Contracting segment increased by 14.3% from RMB1.009 billion for
the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB1.153 billion for the year ended 31 December 2022, which were mainly due to the
Group’s increased R&D investment in “conversion from oil to chemical products”, “manufacture of chemical products from oil”
and “conversion from oil to special products” technology, high-end new materials, new energy and hydrogen energy, energy
conservation and environmental protection, digitization and other ﬁelds.

(7) Operating profit
Due to the above reasons and the impact of year-on-year decrease in impairment provision, the operating proﬁt of the Group’s
EPC Contracting segment increased by 17.2% from RMB815 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB955 million for
the year ended 31 December 2022.


Construction
The operating results of the Group’s construction business are as follows:
                                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                          2022                                             2021

                                                                      Percentage of                                    Percentage of
                                                   Amount          segment revenue                   Amount         segment revenue

                                                 (RMB’ 000)                    (%)                (RMB’ 000)                    (%)

 Revenue                                         25,600,495                   100.0               25,539,549                  100.0

 Cost of sales                                  (23,618,722)                  (92.3)          (23,584,080)                     (92.3)

 Gross profit                                     1,981,773                     7.7                1,955,469                     7.7

 Selling and marketing expenses                     (50,836)                   (0.2)                 (46,640)                   (0.2)

 Administrative expenses                           (580,057)                   (2.3)                (582,115)                   (2.3)

 Research and development costs                    (703,429)                   (2.7)                (630,099)                   (2.5)

 Other income and expenses                          (37,515)                   (0.1)                 (51,223)                   (0.2)

 Operating profit                                  609,936                      2.4                 645,392                      2.5


(1) Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the Group’s construction segment was RMB25.600 billion, which
remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

(2) Cost of sales
The cost of sales of the Group’s construction segment was RMB23.619 billion, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year
basis.

(3) Gross profit
The gross profit of the Group’s construction segment was RMB1.982 billion, and the gross profit margin was 7.7%, which
remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

(4) Selling and marketing expenses
The selling and marketing expenses of the Group’s construction segment increased from RMB47 million for the year ended 31
December 2021 to RMB51 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.
56   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.    2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     (5) Administrative expenses
     The administrative expenses of the Group’s construction segment decreased from RMB582 million for the year ended 31
     December 2021 to RMB580 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year
     basis.

     (6) Research and development costs
     The research and development costs of the Group’s construction segment increased by 11.6% from RMB630 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB703 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which were mainly due to the Group’s
     increased R&D investment in construction automation and other ﬁelds.

     (7) Operating profit
     Due to the above reasons, the operating proﬁts of the Group’s construction segment decreased by 5.5% from RMB645 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB610 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     Equipment Manufacturing
     The operating results of the Group’s equipment manufacturing business are as follows:
                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                               2022                                           2021

                                                                         Percentage of                                  Percentage of
                                                        Amount        segment revenue                  Amount        segment revenue

                                                      (RMB’ 000)                  (%)                (RMB’ 000)                  (%)

      Revenue                                           829,751                  100.0               1,036,860                 100.0

      Cost of sales                                     (773,324)                (93.2)               (962,749)                 (92.9)

      Gross profit                                       56,427                    6.8                  74,111                    7.1

      Selling and marketing expenses                      (5,995)                 (0.7)                  (5,660)                 (0.5)

      Administrative expenses                            (20,215)                 (2.4)                 (20,589)                 (2.0)

      Research and development costs                      (5,703)                 (0.7)                  (1,741)                 (0.2)

      Other income and expenses                          (16,944)                 (2.0)                 (31,735)                 (3.1)

      Operating profit                                     7,570                   0.9                  14,386                    1.4


     (1) Revenue
     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment decreased by 20.0%
     from RMB1.037 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB830 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which
     was mainly due to the impact of manufacturing business volume decrease and temporary suspension of production.

     (2) Cost of sales
     The cost of sales of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment decreased by 19.7% from RMB963 million for the year ended
     31 December 2021 to RMB773 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the cost decrease in line
     with the decrease of business volume.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     57




(3) Gross profit
The gross proﬁt of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment decreased by 23.9% from RMB74 million for the year ended 31
December 2021 to RMB56 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the decrease in revenue, and
gross proﬁt margin was 6.8%, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

(4) Selling and marketing expenses
The selling and marketing expenses of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment were RMB6 million, which remained
broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

(5) Administrative expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment were RMB20 million, which remained broadly
stable on a year-on-year basis.

(6) Research and development costs
The research and development costs of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment were RMB6 million.

(7) Operating profit
Due to the above reasons, the operating proﬁt of the Group’s equipment manufacturing segment was RMB8 million, representing
a decrease of 47.4% on a year-on-year basis.



3 Discussion on the results by other classification

The following table sets forth the revenue generated from different industries in which the
Group’s clients operate:
                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                               2022                                    2021

                                                       Percentage of                           Percentage of
                                       Revenue          total revenue          Revenue          total revenue             Change

                                      (RMB’ 000)                 (%)          (RMB’ 000)                 (%)                  (%)

 Oil refining                          7,421,327                14.0         13,142,234                 22.8                (43.5)

 Petrochemicals                       31,606,768                59.6         30,022,255                 52.0                  5.3

 New coal chemicals                     912,927                   1.7         1,353,656                  2.3                (32.6)

 Other industries                     13,087,117                24.7         13,241,445                 22.9                 (1.2)

 Total                                53,028,139               100.0         57,759,590                100.0                 (8.2)


During the Reporting Period, contributed by the increase of revenue of large-scale petrochemical projects such as Hainan Reﬁning
Ethylene and Huizhou Ethylene, the Group’s revenue from the petrochemical industry was RMB31.607 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 5.3%. Due to the decrease of current contracts in the oil reﬁning and new coal chemical industry, the
revenue from the oil refining industry was RMB7.421 billion, representing a decrease of 43.5% on a year-on-year basis, the
revenue from new coal chemicals industry was RMB913 million, representing a decrease of 32.6% on a year-on-year basis. The
revenue from storage and transportation and other industries was RMB13.087 billion, which remained broadly stable on a year-
on-year basis.
58   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     The following table sets forth the revenue generated from different regions where the Group’s
     clients operate:
                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                     2022                                    2021

                                                             Percentage of                            Percentage of
                                             Revenue          total revenue           Revenue          total revenue           Change

                                            (RMB’ 000)                 (%)          (RMB’ 000)                  (%)                (%)

      PRC                                   48,837,100                92.1          53,120,489                 92.0                (8.1)

      Overseas                               4,191,039                  7.9          4,639,101                  8.0                (9.7)

      Total                                 53,028,139               100.0          57,759,590                100.0                (8.2)


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue generated in the PRC was RMB48.837 billion, representing a decrease of
     8.1% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the inﬂuence of construction cycle of domestic projects; the revenue generated from
     overseas was RMB4.191 billion, representing a decrease of 9.7% on a year-on-year basis, it was mainly affected by the decrease
     in newly signed contracts and insufficient backlogs of overseas projects.


     The following table sets forth the revenue generated from services provided by the Group for (i)
     Sinopec Group and its associates; and (ii) non-Sinopec Group and its associates:
                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                     2022                                    2021

                                                             Percentage of                            Percentage of
                                             Revenue          total revenue           Revenue          total revenue           Change

                                            (RMB’ 000)                 (%)          (RMB’ 000)                  (%)                (%)

      Sinopec Group and its
         associates                         31,366,296                59.2          37,700,873                 65.3               (16.8)

      Non-Sinopec Group and its
        associates                          21,661,843                40.8          20,058,717                 34.7                 8.0

      Total                                 53,028,139               100.0          57,759,590                100.0                (8.2)


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s the revenue generated from Sinopec Group and its associates was RMB31.366 billion,
     accounting for 59.2%, representing a decrease of 16.8% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the fact that most of the large-
     scale projects from Sinopec Group and its associates were in the closing and new opening stages; the revenue generated from
     non-Sinopec Group and its associates was RMB21.662 billion, representing an increase of 8.0% on a year-on-year basis, mainly
     due to contributions from projects such as Huizhou Ethylene and Shenghong Reﬁning and Chemical Integration.



     4 Discussion on the backlog and new contracts
     Backlog represents the total estimated contract value of work that remains to be completed pursuant to outstanding contracts as
     at a certain date, net of estimated value added tax, and is calculated based on the Group’s assumption that the relevant contracts
     will be performed in accordance with their terms. Backlog is not a measure deﬁned by generally accepted accounting principles.
     Any modiﬁcation, termination or suspension of these contracts by the Group’s clients may have a substantial and immediate effect
     on the Group’s backlog. Projects may also remain in the Group’s backlog for an extended period of time beyond what is initially
     anticipated due to various factors beyond the Group’s control.

     In order to more accurately reflect the Group’s backlog, the Group has re-stated the segments in which some backlogs are
     located; and on the basis of prudence principle, in accordance with the situations of change and adjustment of current contracts of
     new coal chemicals, storage & transportation and other projects, the relevant backlog has been adjusted.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                             59




The following table sets forth the total value of backlog for each business segment of the Group
as at the dates indicated:
                                       As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                   Change

                                                   (RMB’ 000)                        (RMB’ 000)                       (%)

 Engineering, consulting and
   licensing                                       10,955,159                        10,776,048                       1.7

 EPC Contracting                                   76,579,262                        56,478,233                      35.6

 Construction                                      23,395,035                        24,604,101                      (4.9)

 Equipment manufacturing                            1,301,697                          875,969                       48.6

 Total                                            112,231,153                        92,734,351                      21.0



The following table sets forth the total value of backlog categorised by the industries in which
the Group’s clients operate as at the dates indicated:
                                       As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                   Change

                                                   (RMB’ 000)                        (RMB’ 000)                       (%)

 Oil refining                                      17,779,006                        18,305,346                      (2.9)

 Petrochemicals                                    60,479,006                        38,068,384                      58.9

 New coal chemicals                                 2,104,056                         2,695,801                     (22.0)

 Storage & transportation and
   others                                          31,869,085                        33,664,820                      (5.3)

 Total                                            112,231,153                        92,734,351                      21.0



The following table sets forth the total value of the backlog by regions as at the dates indicated:
                                       As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                   Change

                                                   (RMB’ 000)                        (RMB’ 000)                       (%)

 PRC                                               91,504,079                        75,016,763                      22.0

 Overseas                                          20,727,074                        17,717,588                      17.0

 Total                                            112,231,153                        92,734,351                      21.0



The following table sets forth the total value of backlog categorised by the clients of each of (i)
Sinopec Group and its associates, and (ii) non-Sinopec Group and its associates as at the dates
indicated:
                                       As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                   Change

                                                   (RMB’ 000)                        (RMB’ 000)                       (%)

 Sinopec Group and its associates                  63,131,277                        60,855,275                       3.7

 Non-Sinopec Group and its
   associates                                      49,099,876                        31,879,076                      54.0

 Total                                            112,231,153                        92,734,351                      21.0


As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s backlog was RMB112.231 billion, representing an increase of 21.0% compared to that as
at 31 December 2021, and 2.1 times of the total revenue of RMB53.028 billion in 2022.
60   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     The following table sets forth the total value of new contracts entered into categorised by the
     Group’s each business segment in the periods indicated:
                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                           2022                     2021      Change

                                                            (RMB’ 000)                            (%)

      Engineering, consulting and
        licensing                                      3,403,683                5,919,716       (42.5)

      EPC Contracting                                 49,687,207               28,194,050       76.2

      Construction                                    18,579,079               28,165,412       (34.0)

      Equipment manufacturing                            854,972                 870,982         (1.8)

      Total                                           72,524,941               63,150,160       14.8



     The following table sets forth the total value of new contracts entered into by the Group
     categorised by the industries in which the Group’s clients operate in the periods indicated:
                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                           2022                     2021      Change

                                                            (RMB’ 000)                           (%)

      Oil refining                                     6,894,988               10,621,260       (35.1)

      Petrochemicals                                  54,144,751               31,018,691       74.6

      New coal chemicals                                 321,182                 777,522        (58.7)

      Storage & transportation and
        others                                        11,164,020               20,732,687       (46.2)

      Total                                           72,524,941               63,150,160       14.8



     The following table sets forth the total value of new contracts entered into by the Group by
     regions in the periods indicated:
                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                           2022                     2021      Change

                                                            (RMB’ 000)                           (%)

      PRC                                             65,324,416               54,470,927       19.9

      Overseas                                         7,200,525                8,679,233       (17.0)

      Total                                           72,524,941               63,150,160       14.8
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                               61




The following table sets forth the total value of new contracts entered into by the Group with
the clients of each of (i) Sinopec Group and its associates, and (ii) non-Sinopec Group and its
associates in the periods indicated:
                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                         2022                              2021                     Change

                                                          (RMB’ 000)                                                    (%)

 Sinopec Group and its associates                   33,642,298                        45,967,046                      (26.8)

 Non-Sinopec Group and its
   associates                                       38,882,643                        17,183,114                      126.3

 Total                                              72,524,941                        63,150,160                       14.8


During the Reporting Period, the value of the Group’s new contracts was RMB72.525 billion, representing an increase of 14.8%
on a year-on-year basis.



5 Assets, Liabilities, Equity and Cash Flows
The Group’s funds mainly came from operating activities and were primarily used for working capital, capital expenditure and
dividend distribution.


(1) Assets, Liabilities and Equity
                                                                                                              Unit: RMB’ 000

                                        As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021                   Changes

 Total assets                                       78,681,739                        72,917,243                  5,764,496

 Current assets                                     70,369,169                        64,937,676                  5,431,493

 Non-current assets                                  8,312,570                         7,979,567                    333,003

 Total liabilities                                  48,642,229                        43,793,907                  4,848,322

 Current liabilities                                46,475,288                        41,370,338                  5,104,950

 Non-current liabilities                             2,166,941                         2,423,569                   (256,628)

 Net assets                                         30,039,510                        29,123,336                    916,174

 Share capital                                       4,428,000                         4,428,000                          0

 Reserves                                           25,606,207                        24,690,084                    916,123

 Consolidated equity attributable to
   equity holders of the Company                    30,034,207                        29,118,084                    916,123

 Non-controlling interests                               5,303                             5,252                        51
62   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group were RMB78.682 billion, the total liabilities were RMB48.642
     billion, and the equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB30.040 billion. The changes in the assets and
     liabilities as compared with those as at the end of 2021 and the main reasons are as follows:

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets were RMB78.682 billion, representing an increase of RMB5.764 billion as
     compared with that as at the end of 2021. In particular, the current assets were RMB70.369 billion, representing an increase of
     RMB5.431 billion as compared with that as at the end of 2021, which was mainly due to an increase of RMB4.668 billion in cash
     and cash equivalents, an increase of RMB1.742 billion in notes and trade receivables, an increase of RMB696 million in time
     deposits with ﬁnancial institutions, an increase of RMB278 million in inventories, a decrease of RMB1.398 billion in prepayments
     and other receivables, a decrease of RMB527 million in contract assets; non-current assets amounted to RMB8.313 billion,
     representing an increase of RMB333 million as compared with that as at the end of 2021, which was mainly due to an increase
     of RMB265 million in property, plant and equipment, representing an increase of RMB250 million in fair value through other
     comprehensive income investment and a decrease of RMB113 million in right-of-use asset.

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total liabilities were RMB48.642 billion, representing an increase of RMB4.848 billion
     as compared with that as at the end of 2021. In particular, the current liabilities were RMB46.475 billion, representing an increase
     of RMB5.105 billion as compared with that as at the end of 2021, which was mainly due to the increase of contract liabilities by
     RMB5.443 billion, an increase of RMB207 million in other payables, a decrease of RMB598 million in notes and trade payables.
     The non-current liabilities were RMB2.167 billion, representing a decrease of RMB257 million as compared with that as at the end
     of 2021, which was mainly due to a decrease of RMB240 million in retirement and other supplementary beneﬁt obligations.

     The consolidated equity attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB30.040 billion, an increase of RMB916 million as
     compared with that as at the end of 2021, which was mainly due to the increase in retained earnings.


     (2) Cash Flows
     During the Reporting Period, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents was RMB4.376 billion and net cash generated
     from operating activities was RMB6.809 billion. The following table sets forth the main items and their changes in the Group’s
     consolidated cash ﬂow statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively.

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’ 000

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

      Major items of cash ﬂow                                                                     2022                             2021

      Net cash generated from operating activities                                            6,809,048                        2,943,228

      Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                   (905,076)                        503,375

      Net cash (used in) financing activities                                                (1,527,590)                      (1,389,437)

      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               4,376,382                        2,057,166


     During the Reporting Period, the proﬁt before taxation was RMB2.762 billion, and the proﬁt was RMB2.571 billion after adjusting
     the items in expenses that did not affect the cash ﬂow in operating activities. Major non-cash expense items included net interest
     income and expenditure of RMB935 million, depreciation and amortisation of RMB916 million, impairment provision of RMB77
     million, exchange grains of RMB230 million. Changes in working capital increased cash inﬂows was RMB4.154 billion, which
     were mainly shown in: the increase in contract liabilities which caused cash inﬂow from operating activities of RMB5.443 billion;
     the decrease in contract assets which caused the cash inﬂow from operating activities of RMB471 million; the decrease in trade
     and other payables balance which caused the cash outﬂow from operating activities of RMB897 million; the increase in trade and
     other receivables balance which caused the cash outﬂow from operating activities of RMB584 million; the increase in inventory
     balance which caused the cash outﬂow from operating activities of RMB305 million.

     After adjusting non-cash expense items, receivables and payables for the profit before taxation, deducting the income tax
     paid amounting to RMB416 million, and increasing inﬂow of received interest by RMB500 million, the net cash generated from
     operating activities was RMB6.809 billion.

     Net cash used in investing activities was RMB905 million, which was mainly due to the equipment acquisition expenses and an
     increase in time deposits.
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.            2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                          63




Net cash used in ﬁnancing activities was RMB1.528 billion, which was mainly due to the dividend distribution expenses.

Based on the cash ﬂows during the Reporting Period, the Group has adequate working capital at present. In the next step, the
Group will continue to strengthen the settlement of trade debts and control the use of working capital in operating activities. The
Group will also continue to effectively manage the investment risk, as well as to expand the scale of investment and increase the
return on capital.


(3) Summary of Financial Ratios
The following table sets forth the Group’s key ﬁnancial ratios for the periods indicated:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

 Main ﬁnancial ratios                                                                            2022                             2021

 Net profit margin (%)                                                                            4.3                               3.7

 Return on assets (%)    (1)
                                                                                                  3.0                               3.0

 Return on equity (%)(2)                                                                          7.6                               7.3

 Return on invested capital (%)(3)                                                                7.8                               7.5


 Main ﬁnancial ratios                                                        As at 31 December 2022             As at 31 December 2021

 Gearing ratio (%)(4)                                                                             0.9                               0.8

 Net debt to equity ratio (%)(5)                                                             Net cash                          Net cash

 Current ratio    (6)
                                                                                                  1.5                               1.6

 Quick ratio(7)                                                                                   1.5                               1.6
64   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                2022 ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                   Proﬁt for the year
     (1)   Return on assets =
                                        (Opening balance of total assets + Closing balance of total assets)/2


                                                   Proﬁt for the year
     (2)   Return on equity =
                                          Total equity at the end of the period


                                                       Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) for the year x (1 – effective income tax rate)
     (3)   Return on invested capital =
                                               Total interest bearing debt at the end of the year – Credit loans + Total equity at the end of the year


                                                       Total interest bearing debt at the end of the year
     (4)   Gearing ratio =
                                 Total interest bearing debt at the end of the year + Total equity at the end of the year


                                                 Net debt at the end of the year
     (5)   Net debt to equity ratio =
                                                Total equity at the end of the year


                                              Current assets
     (6)   Current ratio =
                                             Current liabilities


                                        Current assets – Inventories
     (7)   Quick ratio =
                                             Current liabilities


     Return on assets
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s return on assets was 3.0%, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.

     Return on equity
     The Group’s return on equity increased to 7.6% from 7.3% for the same period in 2021, mainly due to the year-on-year increase
     in the proﬁt during the Reporting Period.

     Return on invested capital
     The Group’s return on invested capital increased to 7.8% from 7.5% for the same period in 2021 for the same reason as the
     increase in return on equity.

     Gearing ratio
     The Group’s gearing ratio increased to 0.9% from 0.8% at the end of 2021, due to the increase in interest-bearing borrowings at
     the end of the Reporting Period.

     Net debt to equity ratio
     The Group maintained positive net cash as at 31 December 2022 and as at 31 December 2021.

     Current ratio
     The Group’s current ratio was 1.5, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       65




Quick ratio
The Group’s quick ratio was 1.5, which remained broadly stable on a year-on-year basis.



6 Foreign exchange risk
There were accounts receivable and payable and cash balances in relation to our overseas projects, which are settled in foreign
currencies. During the Reporting Period, our foreign currencies mainly consist of U.S. dollars, Euros Saudi riyal, Kuwaiti dinar and
Malaysian ringgit. In the future, exchange rates will affect the pricing of our services as well as our material procurement costs
settled in foreign currencies, ﬂuctuation in exchange rates may affect our business performance and ﬁnancial status. During the
Reporting Period, the Group has not carried out hedging transaction related to foreign exchange ﬂuctuation.
66   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             67




         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
68   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS




     1 Corporate Governance
     During the Reporting Period, the Company was in compliance with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code set out
     in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and did not deviate from any code provision.



     2 The Annual Dividend Distribution Plan as at 31 December
     2022
     The tenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board approved the dividend distribution plan for the year ended 31 December
     2022. A ﬁnal cash dividend of RMB0.210 (inclusive of applicable taxes) per share would be distributed based on 4,428,000,000
     shares (including 1,460,800,000 H Shares and 2,967,200,000 Domestic Shares), being the total share capital of the Company as
     at 31 December 2022. The above dividend distribution plan will be submitted to the Company’s annual general meeting to be held
     on 12 May 2023 for review and approval before implementation.

     The ﬁnal dividend of 2022 will be paid on or before Wednesday, 19 July 2023 to all Shareholders whose names appear on the
     register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, 23 May 2023. In order to qualify for the ﬁnal dividend,
     the holders of H Shares must lodge all share certiﬁcates accompanied by the transfer documents with Computershare Hong
     Kong Investor Services Ltd. (address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong)
     before 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 17 May 2023 for registration. For the purpose of ascertaining Shareholders who qualify for the
     dividend, the register of members for H Shares will be closed from Thursday, 18 May 2023 to Tuesday, 23 May 2023 (both days
     inclusive).

     The dividend will be denominated and declared in Renminbi. The holders of Domestic Shares will be paid in Renminbi and the
     holders of H Shares will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The exchange rate for the dividend to be paid in Hong Kong dollars will
     be the average of the exchange rates of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China during the
     ﬁve business days preceding the date of approval of the ﬁnal dividend by the annual general meeting to be convened on 12 May
     2023.

     In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國企業所得稅法) and its
     implementation regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of
     the non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members for H Shares when distributing the
     cash dividends. Any H Shares not registered under the name of an individual Shareholder, including HKSCC Nominees Limited,
     other nominees, agents or trustees, or other organisations or groups, shall be deemed as shares held by non-resident enterprise
     shareholders. Therefore, enterprise income tax shall be withheld from dividends payable to such Shareholders. If holders of H
     Shares intend to change their shareholder status, please enquire about the relevant procedures with their agents or trustees.
     The Company will strictly comply with the law and the requirements of the relevant government authority and withhold and pay
     enterprise income tax on behalf of the relevant Shareholders based on the register of members for H Shares as at Tuesday, 23
     May 2023.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     69




If the individual holders of H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or residents of the countries which had an agreed tax
rate of 10% for the cash dividends given to them under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC, the Company should withhold
and pay individual income tax on behalf of the relevant Shareholders at a rate of 10%. Should the individual holders of H Shares
be residents of the countries which had an agreed tax rate of less than 10% under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC,
the Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax on behalf of the relevant shareholders at a rate of 10%. In that case,
if the relevant individual holders of H Shares wish to reclaim the extra amount withheld due to the application of 10% tax rate,
the Company can apply for the relevant agreed preferential tax treatment provided that the relevant Shareholders submit the
information required by the notice of the tax agreement to the H share registrar of the Company. The Company will assist with the
tax refund of the extra amount withheld after obtaining the approval of the competent tax authority. Should the individual holders
of H Shares be residents of the countries which had an agreed tax rate of over 10% but less than 20% under the tax agreement
with the PRC, the Company shall withhold and pay the individual income tax at the agreed actual rate in accordance with the
relevant tax agreement. In the case that the individual holders of H Shares are residents of the countries which have had an
agreed tax rate of 20% under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC, or which has not entered into any tax agreement with
PRC, or otherwise, the Company shall withhold and pay the individual income tax at a rate of 20%.

For investors investing in the H Shares of the Company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through the Shanghai Stock
Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange (including enterprises and individuals) (the “Southbound Trading”), the Company has
entered into the Agreement on Appropriation of Cash Dividends of H Shares for Southbound Trading ( 《港股通H股股票現金紅利派
發協議》    ) with China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, pursuant to which, China Securities Depository and
Clearing Corporation Limited, as the nominee of the holders of H Shares for Southbound Trading, will receive all cash dividends
distributed by the Company and distribute the cash dividends to the relevant investors of H Shares of Southbound Trading
through its depositary and clearing system. The cash dividends for the investors of H Shares of Southbound Trading will be paid
in Renminbi.

Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the “Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong
Kong Stock Connect” (Caishui [2014] No. 81) (   《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81號)
and the “Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect” (Caishui [2016]
No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016]127號)), for dividends received by domestic
investors from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of such H shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of
20% on behalf of the investors. For dividends received by domestic securities investment funds from investing in H shares listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the
tax payable shall be the same as that for individual investors. The company of such H shares will not withhold and pay the income
tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic enterprise investors shall report and pay the relevant tax
themselves.



3 Connected Transactions
Continuing Connected Transactions between the Group and Sinopec Group
During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into a series of continuing connected transactions or agreements with Sinopec
Group, including the following:

(1)   the Engineering and Construction Services Framework Agreement and the supplemental agreement;

(2)   the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the supplemental agreement;

(3)   the Technology R&D Framework Agreement and the supplemental agreement;

(4)   the General Services Framework Agreement and the supplemental agreement;

(5)   the Land Use Right and Property Lease Framework Agreement;

(6)   the Counter-guarantees provided by Sinopec Group;

(7)   the Safe Production Insurance Fund; and

(8)   the Trademark Licensing Agreement.
70   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     For further details, please refer to the section headed “Connected Transactions” in the Company’s prospectus published on
     10 May 2013, the Company’s announcement entitled “Continuing Connected Transactions — Financial Services Framework
     Agreement” published on 19 August 2013, the contents related to the Financial Services Framework Agreement in the Company’s
     circular to its shareholders published on 10 September 2013, the Company’s announcement entitled “Adjustments to Annual
     Caps for Continuing Connected Transactions under the Technology R&D Framework Agreement” published on 17 March 2014,
     the contents in relation to the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the Engineering Services Framework Agreement in
     the Company’s circular to its shareholders published on 15 September 2015, the Company’s announcement entitled “Renewal of
     Technology R&D Framework Agreement, Financial Services Framework Agreement and Engineering and Construction Services
     Framework Agreement and the Annual Caps” published on 31 August 2015, the Company’s announcement entitled “Renewal of
     Technology R&D Framework Agreement, Financial Services Framework Agreement and Engineering and Construction Services
     Framework Agreement and the Annual Caps and the Continuing Connected Transactions and Major Transactions under the
     Financial Services Framework Agreement” published on 15 September 2015, the Company’s announcement entitled “Renewal
     of the General Services Framework Agreement, the Technology R&D Framework Agreement, the Financial Services Framework
     Agreement and Engineering and Construction Services Framework Agreement and the Annual Caps and Major Transactions
     and the Continuing Connected Transactions under the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the Engineering and
     Construction Services Framework Agreement” published on 21 August 2018 and the contents in relation to the Financial Services
     Framework Agreement and the Engineering Services Framework Agreement in the Company’s circular to its shareholders
     published on 19 September 2018, the Company’s announcement entitled “Renewal of the General Services Framework
     Agreement, the Technology R&D Framework Agreement, the Financial Services Framework Agreement and Engineering and
     Construction Services Framework Agreement and the Annual Caps and the Continuing Connected Transactions and Major
     Transactions under the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the Engineering and Construction Services Framework
     Agreement” published on 22 August 2021 and the contents in relation to the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the
     Engineering Services Framework Agreement in the Company’s circular to its shareholders published on 15 September 2021.


     Connected Transaction between the Group and Sinopec Group
     During the Reporting Period, the Group formed a joint venture with the associates of Sinopec Group, namely China Petroleum
     & Chemical Corporation, Sinopec Nanjing Chemical Industries Corporation, China International United Petroleum & Chemicals
     Co., Ltd., Sinopec Oil Engineering and Construction Corporation. For further details, please refer the Company’s announcement
     entitled “Connected Transaction – Formation of Joint Venture” published on 28 July 2022.


     The Group’s Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, the aggregate value of the continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group was
     RMB37.661 billion. In particular, the expenses amounted to RMB5.401 billion and the revenue amounted to RMB32.260 billion
     (including RMB31.478 billion from the sale of products and services and RMB781 million from interest income). The Group and
     Sinopec Group jointly formed a joint venture, and the Group contributed RMB250 million in cash.

     During the Reporting Period, the engineering and construction services (supply of equipment and materials, procurement of
     services and equipment leasing, technology licensing and other engineering-related services) provided by Sinopec Group to the
     Group amounted to RMB5.329 billion, which was within the annual cap. The engineering and construction services (engineering
     consulting, technology licensing, engineering design, EPC contracting, construction and equipment manufacturing, etc.) provided
     by the Group to Sinopec Group amounted to RMB31.246 billion, which was within the annual cap.

     During the Reporting Period, the service fees in relation to the settlement and other ﬁnancial services between the Group and
     Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Limited were RMB3 million, which was within the
     annual cap. The maximum daily balance of deposits and interest income was RMB7.676 billion, which was within the annual cap.
     The maximum daily balance of entrustment loans was RMB20.500 billion, which was within the annual cap.

     During the Reporting Period, the technology R&D services provided by the Group to Sinopec Group amounted to RMB214 million,
     which was within the annual cap.

     During the Reporting Period, the general services provided by the Group to Sinopec Group amounted to RMB7 million, which was
     within the annual cap.

     During the Reporting Period, the general services provided by Sinopec Group to the Group amounted to RMB48 million, which
     was within the annual cap.

     During the Reporting Period, the land use and property lease contract provided by the Group to Sinopec Group amounted to
     RMB11 million, which was within the annual cap.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     71




During the Reporting Period, the land use and property lease contract provided by Sinopec Group to the Group amounted to
RMB15 million, which was within the annual cap.

In terms of the premium payable under the documents on safe production funds, the amount payable by the Group shall not be
less than the amount speciﬁed in these documents.

During the Reporting Period, the Group and Sinopec Group jointly formed a joint venture, and the Group contributed RMB250
million in cash.

The external auditor of the Company was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with
Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagement Other Than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information” and Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions” under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualiﬁed letter
containing the conclusions in respect of the above-mentioned continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and submitted a copy of the auditor’s letter to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

For more information on the major related-party transactions (including the above-mentioned connected transactions) during the
Reporting Period, please refer to Note 42 of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRS in this
annual report, among which the above transactions constitute connected transactions, and the Company has complied with the
relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in relation to these connected transactions.


Opinions of Independent Non-executive Directors on the Above-mentioned Continuing
Connected Transactions (including Deposits and Entrustment Loan Transactions under the
Financial Services Framework Agreement)
The independent non-executive Directors reviewed the nature, implementation of annual caps, pricing policy and internal control
procedure of the above-mentioned continuing connected transactions, and conﬁrmed as follows:

(a)   The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   One of the following items was met:

      i     The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms;

      ii    If there were not sufficient comparable transactions to decipher whether the transactions were on normal commercial
            terms, the transactions under the relevant agreements were entered into on terms no less favourable to the Company
            than terms available to or from independent third parties (as the case may be); or

      iii   If there were no appropriate assessments to determine whether the transactions met the conditions under (i) and
            (ii) above, the transactions were entered into on terms that were fair and reasonable to the shareholders of the
            Company; and

(c)   The transactions were conducted in accordance with the relevant agreements and the terms are fair and reasonable and in
      the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.



4 Material Litigation or Arbitration Events
The Group was involved in claims which arose in connection with the collapse of a partially completed oil storage tank of the oil
and gas storage tank project in Alberta, Canada on 24 April 2007, which resulted in the deaths of two workers and injuries of four
others. The case has not progressed for a long time. The Group submitted a formal application for withdrawal of the case to the
court and was approved, the other party has ﬁled an appeal, on 6 September 2022, the Group submitted factual statements to
the Court of Appeal in accordance with the statutory procedures, and the Albert Province Court of Appeal of Canada notiﬁed that
the case is scheduled to be heard on 12 October 2023. There were no other material litigation or arbitration events during the
Reporting Period.



5 Other Material Contracts
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group had no other contracts of signiﬁcance which should be disclosed during the
Reporting Period.
72   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     6 Repurchase, Sale and Redemption of Shares
     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not repurchase, sell or redeem any securities of the Company.



     7 Reserves
     During the Reporting Period, movements in the reserves of the Group were set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
     equity of the ﬁnancial report, which was prepared in accordance with IFRS in this annual report.



     8 Use of IPO Proceeds
     During the Reporting Period, the Group used a total of RMB81 million net proceeds from the global offering, which was mainly
     used for the purchase of large-scale lifting and transportation equipment and specialized construction equipment. As at the end
     of the Reporting Period, the total amount of net proceeds from the global offering used by the Group amounted to RMB4.721
     billion, and the remaining balance of the net proceeds from the global offering was approximately RMB6.437 billion (approximately
     RMB580 million of the unused net proceeds for establishing an engineering and technological R&D center, modular construction
     base and machinery manufacturing projects; approximately RMB300 million of the unused net proceeds for improving and
     developing overseas marketing networks; approximately RMB445 million of the unused net proceeds for information technology
     development projects; approximately RMB218 million of the unused net proceeds for purchasing large lifting and transport
     equipment and specialised construction equipment; approximately RMB1.035 billion of the unused net proceeds for newly added
     long-term equity investment; and approximately RMB3.859 billion of the unused net proceeds for mergers and acquisitions of
     engineering companies, purchase of patents and proprietary technologies and other item). The expected timeline for the use of
     net proceeds will be subject to the business development of the Company.

     The use of proceeds from the global offering by the Company is in consistence with that previously disclosed in the
     announcement. For details of the use of proceeds, please refer to the announcements of the Company entitled “Adjustment
     in Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering” dated 13 December 2013 and the “Adjustment in the Allocations of the Use of
     Proceeds from the Global Offering” dated 26 October 2018. During the Reporting Period, there was no material change to the use
     of proceeds from the global offering of the Group.



     9 Assets Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has no material assets transactions other than in the ordinary and usual course of
     business.



     10 Insolvency and Restructuring
     During the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any insolvency or restructuring matters.



     11 Material Trusteeship, Contracting and Lease
     During the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any material trusteeship, contracting or lease of any asset of other
     companies, nor placing its assets to or under any other companies’ trusteeship, contracting or lease which were required to be
     disclosed.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      73




12 Material Acquisitions and Disposal
During the Reporting Period, the Group has not made any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.



13 Financial Derivatives for Hedging Purposes
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not use any ﬁnancial derivative for hedging purposes.



14 Pledged Assets
During the Reporting Period, the Group has no pledged assets.



15 Debt
The Group had USD20 million (about RMB142 million) loans to the fellow subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period.



16 Contingent Liabilities
For details of the contingent liabilities of the Group, please refer to Note 41 to the ﬁnancial statements contained in this annual
report.



17 Review of Annual Report
The audit committee of the Company has reviewed this annual report. The audit committee did not have any disagreement
concerning the ﬁnancial statements contained in this annual report.

The audit committee is comprised of all independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. YE Zheng, Mr. HUI Chiu Chung,
Stephen and Mr. JIN Yong. Among them, Mr. YE Zheng has the appropriate professional qualiﬁcations (including being a member
of the Hong Kong Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants) and more than 25 years of experience in auditing, internal control and
consultancy.



18 Significant Events Affecting the Group After the
Reporting Periods
From 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has no other signiﬁcant events.



19 Other Important Matters
During the Reporting Period, none of the Company, the Board, any Director or any Supervisor was punished by administrative
means or public sanctioned by Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, or publicly condemned by the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.
74   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

                                                 CORPORATE
                                                 GOVERNANCE
 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                              75




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
76   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     1 Enhancement of Corporate Governance during the
     Reporting Period
     During the Reporting Period, the Company was strictly in compliance with the domestic and foreign laws and regulations on
     securities regulation and continuously improved its corporate governance.

     During the Reporting Period, in accordance with relevant domestic and foreign laws and regulations and its actual situation, the
     Company strictly standardised corporate governance based on the working rules, systems and norms such as the Rules and
     Procedures for the Shareholders Meetings, the Rules and Procedures for the Board Meetings and the Rules and Procedures
     for the Supervisory Committee and updated the internal documents in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other
     applicable laws and regulations in a timely manner; continuously improved the quality of investor relations and information
     disclosure, receiving the recognition of the capital market; modiﬁed its internal control system to intensify the execution thereof.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company further enhanced on-the-job trainings to enhance the awareness of responsibility of all
     Directors, Supervisors and its senior management (the “Senior Management”), optimised the procedures and detailed services.
     The Company also provided Directors with reports of “Company Information” every month, which provided the Directors with
     relevant data and information to make reasonable decisions. The Company also continued to enhance voluntary information
     disclosure and the relationship with investors by strengthening two-way communication and increasing the transparency of the
     Company. The Company actively performed its social responsibilities and promoted its sustainable development.

     During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee had no disagreement to any supervised matters. Furthermore, none
     of the Company, the Board, any Director, any Supervisor, any senior management member, any of the controlling shareholders
     or de facto controllers was punished by administrative means or public sanctioned by Hong Kong Securities and Futures
     Commission, or publicly condemned by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



     2 Equity Interests of Directors, Supervisors and the Senior
     Management Members
     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or any member of the Senior Management, as well as their
     respective associates had any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or
     any associated corporations (as deﬁned under Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notiﬁed to the Company and the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they
     are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
     be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein, or which are required, pursuant to the Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, to be
     notiﬁed to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that are regarded, or treated as being held, in accordance with the
     SFO in the shares of the Company or any associated corporation. Based on speciﬁc enquiries to all Directors and Supervisors,
     all Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they complied with the standards stipulated in the Model Code during the
     Reporting Period.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      77




3 Confirmation of Independence of Independent Non-
executive Directors and Overview of their Performance
The Company has a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors with appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related ﬁnancial management expertise in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company appointed
three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen, Mr. JIN Yong and Mr. YE Zheng. The
Company received an annual conﬁrmation letter from each of independent non-executive Directors regarding their compliance
with relevant independence requirements set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company considers all of its
independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

During the Reporting Period, the independent non-executive Directors earnestly fulfilled their responsibilities prescribed by
relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association and made positive contributions to the development of the Group.
They actively attended the meetings of the Board and its special committees (for details about the attendance of the meetings,
please refer to the Report of the Board in this annual report), carefully reviewed relevant documents, and made judgment with
their own expertise in offering advices and suggestions on the development strategy, production and operation, internal control,
risk management and social responsibility of the Company. The independent non-executive Directors also provided independent
opinions according to regulations on connected transactions, external guarantee, dividend distribution plan and appointment
of senior management members of the Company. The independent non-executive Directors maintained timely and effective
communications with the executive Directors, management, external auditors and internal supervision and audit department and
conducted several domestic and overseas investigations or surveys to better understand the Company’s practice on internal
control, internal audit, risk management, environmental protection and social responsibility, information disclosure and oversea
project implementation. The independent non-executive Directors also independently and objectively safeguarded the legitimate
rights and interests of the Company and investors, especially the medium and minority investors, during the performance of their
duties.



4 The Company’s Independence from the Controlling
Shareholder
After obtaining conﬁrmations from the Company and Sinopec Group, the following statements are declared:

From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, Sinopec Group complied with the principles and terms of the Non-Competition
Agreement and the undertakings therein, fulfilled obligations and responsibilities in accordance with the Non-Competition
Agreement and the undertakings therein, and did not violate the Non-Competition Agreement and the undertakings therein.
The aforesaid was concluded based on Sinopec Group’s overall review of the compliance with each provision (including but not
limited to the provision of options for new business opportunities, options for acquisitions and pre-emptive rights) under the Non-
Competition Agreement and the undertakings therein.

Opinions of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company regarding the compliance with the Non-Competition
Agreement of Sinopec Group are as follows:

Based on the review of relevant situations, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company are of the view that during
the Reporting Period, Sinopec Group performed and complied with the Non-Competition Agreement entered into with the
Company.
78   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     5 Construction and Implementation of Internal Control
     System of the Group
     Internal Control Construction
     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the “Internal Control Manual of the Company” (the “Internal
     Control Manual”). Internal Control Manual regulates internal management, prevents operational risks and guarantees the
     realisation of the development strategies and operation goals of the Company. The Internal Control Manual was in compliance
     with domestic and overseas regulatory requirements such as the “Basic Standard for Internal Control of Enterprises”, the
     “Implementation Guidelines for Internal Control of Enterprises”, and the “Guidelines for Assessment of Internal Control of
     Enterprises”, which was jointly issued by ﬁve ministries and commissions including the Ministry of Finance of PRC, as well as
     the requirements under the SFO and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and established a comprehensive internal control system.
     The risk-oriented Internal Control Manual has realised the top-down integrated management of business processes, uniﬁcation
     of internal management standards in business control, business management has realised the integration of risk, internal control
     and system. The Company pays high attention to the level of internal control and risk prevention. The Internal Control Manual has
     further taken effective measures to strengthen internal control, leading to all-round enhancement of internal control.


     Working Plans for Establishment and Improvement of Internal Control System and
     Implementation
     The Company prepares annual goals and working plans with regard to internal control, and conducts comprehensive trainings,
     daily management and evaluation. Under the uniform deployment of the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company, through
     summary, revision and organisation of their respective management systems and implementation of various internal control
     requirements, has realised effective fusion of internal control, business and system. The Company has established an effective
     risk management mechanism. The Corporate Risk Management Committee and the Enterprise Comprehensive Risk Management
     Leading Group have ultimate responsibility for the activities of the unit’s ﬁrst and second lines of defense. The ﬁrst line of defense:
     core business departments such as market, operation, and overseas business at all levels, as the ﬁrst responsible body for risk
     prevention; the second line of defense: legal, risk, compliance, and ﬁnancial, human, quality, safety, technology, information and
     other support functional departments assist the ﬁrst line of defense to prevent risks from different business areas; the third line of
     defense: as the assurance functional department, the supervision and audit departments at all levels independently conduct audit
     evaluations on the Company’s risk and internal control system.


     Setup of Internal Control Examination and Supervision Department
     The Corporate Reform and Legal Department of the Company, which is assigned to administer the overall supervision of internal
     control, is responsible for the daily supervision of internal control and the organisation of individual inspection. The Supervision
     and Audit Department is in charge of internal control evaluations and independent comprehensive inspections and evaluation of
     internal control. The Company and its subsidiaries have established a two-level internal control inspection and evaluation system
     where the subsidiaries of the Company conduct self-inspections and evaluate internal control annually and the Company inspects
     the evaluation of internal control annually in a comprehensive manner.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     79




Improvement of the Internal Control System Associated with Financial Accounting
The Internal Control Manual of the Company speciﬁes the internal control requirements with regard to the ﬁnancial statements
and establishes connections with the professional management system. Fund and asset management, costs and expenses
accounting and management, ﬁnancial analysis and budget, connected transactions and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements,
are respectively included in the related work ﬂow, control procedures and control points. At the same time, items and matters
in accounting statements are connected with control measures, so that the internal control measures can provide reasonable
assurance that the disclosed ﬁnancial statements are authentic and reliable.


Internal Control Deficiencies and Rectification
During the Reporting Period, no material internal control deﬁciency was identiﬁed. For the other general deﬁciencies of internal
control discovered during the inspection, the management of the Company has designed and adopted various rectification
measures, and discussed these measures with external auditors of the Company. After a follow-up examination, all internal control
issues relating to ﬁnancial reporting were rectiﬁed during the Reporting Period. Other management deﬁciencies were rectiﬁed or
addressed by adopting the relevant rectiﬁcation measures. The rectiﬁcation was in compliance with relevant requirements.


Businesses with Sanctioned Countries
In 2016 and 2017, the Group entered into the engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) contract with National Iranian Oil
Engineering and Construction Company in relation to Iranian Abadan Reﬁnery Product Upgrading Project Phase I and Phase II,
respectively (the “Pertinent Projects”). For details, please refer to the announcements published by the Company on 22 February
2017, 27 December 2017 and 23 February 2018.

In order to monitor the possible sanction risks faced by the Company and ensure compliance with the related undertakings
made to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company has adopted sufficient and effective internal control measures, including
renewal of the appointment of outsourced international legal counsels with necessary expertise and experience in dealing with
legal matters related with sanction and convening the risk management committee meetings to evaluate and monitor sanction
risks faced by the Group. From 2016 to 2022, the Group completed evaluations on the legal and operating risks related with the
Pertinent Projects and sanctions according to the internal control procedures and the relevant information. During the Reporting
Period, the Company did not violate the related undertakings.


Arrangement for Internal Control by the Board
The Board will review the updated Internal Control Manual annually. The Board is responsible for the communication, supervision
and inspection of internal and external auditing through the Audit Committee, as well as the inspection and supervision of the
effectiveness of self-evaluation of internal control.


Inside information management system
During the Reporting Period, with due consideration of the information disclosure requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
and the Guideline for Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012, the Group
instructed special institution and staff to take responsibilities for the registration and management of persons who are aware of
inside information. The Company also established the management archive of persons who are aware of inside information,
updated the archive regularly and conducted regular trainings to persons who are aware of inside information and management
staff, so as to strengthen their consciousness to comply with the relevant law.

The Group prohibits senior management members and employees who are likely to be aware of the Group’s unpublished inside
information or other information about the Group from using conﬁdential or inside information without authorisation in accordance
with the relevant stipulations of the Inside Information Disclosure Guideline. At the same time, in case of any enquiry about the
affairs of the Group, only the secretary to the Board and the relevant authorised personnel are responsible for communicating with
external persons.
80   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     6 Corporate Governance Report (pursuant to the Hong Kong
     Listing Rules)
     (1) Compliance with Corporate Governance Code
     From the listing date of the Company to 31 December 2022, the Company was in compliance with the code provisions of the
     Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and did not deviate from any code provision.

     A Board
     A.1 Board

     a. The Board is the decision-making body of the Company, and all decisions made by the Board are carried out by the
     management of the Company. The Board follows sound corporate governance practices and procedures, operates standardly,
     and commits itself to improving the corporate governance of the Company.

     b. The Board holds at least four meetings annually. The Board communicates the time and subject matters 14 days prior to the
     meeting. The documents and materials for the meeting will usually be distributed 10 days in advance to each Director. In 2022,
     the Company held 7 Board meetings. For details of the attendance of each Director, please refer to the Report of the Board in this
     annual report.

     c. Each member of the Board may submit proposals to be included in the agenda for Board meetings, and each Director is
     entitled to request other related information.

     d. The Board reviewed and evaluated its performance for the past year. The Board was of the view that the composition of the
     Board was appropriate and balanced. The Board made decisions in compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations
     and the Company’s internal rules, prudently listened to the opinion of the Supervisory Committee, and safeguarded the rights and
     interests of the Company and its Shareholders. The Directors and the Senior Management diligently fulﬁlled their responsibilities
     and actively took part in trainings and continuing professional development, which led to the improvement of governance of the
     Company.

     e. The secretary to the Board and company secretary will assist the Directors in handling the routine tasks of the Board and
     continuously provide the Directors with and keep them informed of the regulations, policies and other requirements of domestic
     and overseas regulatory bodies in relation to corporate governance, and ensure that in performing their duties and responsibilities,
     the Directors comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association. The Company has
     purchased liability insurance for all the Directors to minimise any risk which may arise from the performance of their duties.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       81




A.2 Chairwoman of the Board and President

a. Mdm. SUN Lili serves as the Chairwoman of the Board, Mr. JIANG Dejun serves as the President. The Chairwoman of the
Board is elected by the majority of the Directors, while the President is nominated and appointed by the Board. The duties and
responsibilities of the Chairwoman of the Board and the President are clearly distinguished from each other and the scope of their
respective duties and responsibilities are set out in the Articles of Association.

b. The Chairwoman of the Board highly values the communication with the independent non-executive Directors and holds
meetings with them at least once each year without the presence of other Directors.

c. The Chairwoman of the Board encourages open and active discussions. Directors may speak freely and actively participate in
discussions on production and operation, corporate governance and material investments of the Company in Board meetings.

A.3 Board Composition

a. As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of nine members, with one female Director (for details, please refer to
the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Other Members of Senior Management and Employees” of this annual report). All
Directors have rich experience in specialties and governance. Among the nine (9) members, there are 3 executive Directors, 3
non-executive Directors and 3 independent non-executive Directors. The independent non-executive Directors represent at least
one-third of the Board. The executive Directors and non-executive Directors of the Company are experienced in the management
of refining and chemical engineering, or petroleum and petrochemical enterprise. The independent non-executive Directors
are well-known technological experts of chemical engineering, ﬁnancial and accounting, respectively, and have experiences in
managing large corporations, capital operation and ﬁnance investments, respectively. The composition of the Board is reasonable
and diversiﬁed.

b. There is no ﬁnancial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship between the board members of the Company
(especially between the Chairwoman of the Board and the President) except for the working relationship.

c. The Company received the confirmation letter for the year 2022 from each of the independent non-executive Directors
regarding his compliance with relevant independence requirements as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
Company considers each of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

A.4 Appointment, Re-election and Dismissal

a. The term of office of each Director (including non-executive Directors) is 3 years, and the term of office (excluding the ﬁrst
tenure) of any independent non-executive Director may not be renewed for more than 6 years. If an independent non-executive
Director has already served 9 years, his further appointment shall be subject to a separate resolution to be approved at the
Shareholders meeting.

b. All Directors will be elected through legal procedures, and the Board has no power to appoint temporary Directors.

c. For newly appointed Directors, the Company will engage professional consultants to prepare detailed materials, inform such
Directors of regulatory requirements of the place where the Company is listed and remind such Directors of their rights, obligations
and responsibilities.
82   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     A.5 Nomination Committee

     a. The Company has established a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”). Mdm. SUN Lili, the Chairwoman of the
     Board and executive Director, is the chairwoman of the Nomination Committee. Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen, an independent
     non-executive Director, is the vice chairman of the Nomination Committee. Mr. XIANG Wenwu, the Vice Chairman of the Board
     and executive Director, and Mr. JIN Yong and Mr. YE Zheng, each an independent non-executive Director, are members of the
     Nomination Committee. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee have been established and are available on the
     websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee will recommend the appointment or
     re-election of the Directors as well as the succession plan of Directors (especially the Chairwoman of the Board and the President
     of the Company), seek candidates for directorship with appropriate qualiﬁcations and competence; elect and nominate relevant
     personnel to be appointed as Directors, and propose recommendations thereof to the Board. The Nomination Committee is also
     responsible for evaluating the independence of independent non-executive directors.

     b. After discussions and consideration, the Nomination Committee was of the view that the structure, number of members and
     composition of the Board in 2022 were reasonable and in consistence with the strategies of the Group.

     c. Nomination Committee members may engage independent professionals when performing duties. Reasonable costs arising
     from or in connection with such consultation are borne by the Group. The expenses of the Nomination Committee will be included
     in the budget of the Company.

     d. Please refer to the “Report of the Board – Meetings Held by the Special Committees of the Board” of this annual report for
     information about meetings held by the Nomination Committee.

     e. The Board has established the Board Diversity Policy, which provides that the nomination and appointment of Board members
     should be based on the skills and experience necessary for the overall sound operation of the Board, with due considerations
     given to the goal and requirement for the diversiﬁcation of Board members. When determining the composition of Board members,
     the Company should consider their diversity from multiple aspects, including but not limited to sex, age, culture, educational
     background, race, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

     f. Board Diversity Policy has set up two measurable objectives, (1) to consider candidates for appointment as directors from
     a wide pool of talents taking into account the culture, educational background, expertise and professional experience, skills,
     experience, and other contributions that would complement the current needs of the Board, and (2) to review whether the
     composition and structure of the Board is suitable for the overall development strategy of the Group based on its business
     operation and the developmental need on an annual basis and to propose adjustment and implementation plans where
     appropriate.

     During the Reporting Period, the progress made by the Group regarding such measurable objectives are as follows: (1) selection
     and appointment of the Directors of the Company is in compliance with the requirements of the Board Diversity Policy and in
     line with the overall development strategy of the Group. The Board currently already has one female director and will maintain or
     further improve such diversity going forward. The Nomination Committee will identify the candidates for directorships and make
     recommendation to the Board according to the Board Diversity Policy of the Company for any replacement of Director or an
     addition to the Board. The Board would also appoint suitable candidates for directorship based on the overall development of the
     Group and the Board Diversity Policy of the Company; and (2) the current composition and structure of the Board of the Company
     is appropriate for the development need of the existing business operation of the Group and is conducive for providing the
     Company with extensive valuable advice and supervision on decision-making. The Company will continually assess the diversity
     of the Board and objectively consider the composition and effectiveness of the Board.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      83




A.6 Responsibility of Directors

a. All the non-executive Directors of the Company have the same duties and authorities as executive Directors. In addition, the
non-executive Directors, especially the independent non-executive Directors, are vested certain speciﬁc powers. The rights and
obligations of Directors and non-executive Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are clearly deﬁned in the
Articles of Association and the Rules and Procedures for the Board Meetings.

b. All Directors were able to devote sufficient time and effort in handling the matters of the Company.

c. The Company has adopted Model Code as code of conduct regarding the Directors’ securities transactions. All Directors of the
Company have conﬁrmed that they have been in compliance with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

d. The Company is responsible for arranging trainings for Directors and providing for the corresponding expenses. The Directors
actively participated in continuing professional development. The Company has received the training records from Directors. For
details, please refer to the Report of the Board in this annual report.

A.7 Provision for and Access to Information

a. The meeting agenda as well as other reference documents of the Board and each special committee will be distributed prior to
the meetings so that each member will have sufficient time to review, which enables them to have comprehensive discussions at
the meetings. Each Director can obtain all related information in a comprehensive and timely manner, and may seek advice from
professional consultants if needed.

b. The secretary to the Board is responsible for organising and preparing materials for the Board meetings, including the
explanation for each proposal to ensure thorough understanding by each Director. The management of the Group shall provide
the Directors with necessary information and materials. The Director may request the President, or request, via the President,
relevant departments to provide necessary information of the Group or related explanations.

B Remuneration of Directors and the Senior Management
a. The Company has established a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”). Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen,
an independent non-executive Director, is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and Mr. YE Zheng and Mr. JIN
Yong, each an independent non-executive Director, are members of the Remuneration Committee. The terms of reference
of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The
Remuneration Committee is responsible for studying the compensation structures and policies of all Directors, Supervisors and
Senior Management members and making recommendations to the Board or determining the compensation and welfare of
individual executive Director and Senior Management members as authorised by the Board or making recommendations to the
Board. The remuneration of Directors shall be determined in accordance with relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the
internal measures on remuneration of the Company. The Remuneration Committee appointed the advisory member to assist the
Remuneration Committee in carrying out daily works. The expenses of the Remuneration Committee are included in the budget of
the Company.

b. The Remuneration Committee consults the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board regarding the remuneration
recommendations for other executive Directors. The Remuneration Committee has regularly assessed the performance of the
executive directors, it considered that for the year 2022, each of the executive Directors has fulﬁlled his/her responsibilities as
stipulated under the service contract entered into with the Company.

c. Please refer to “Report of the Board – Meetings Held by the Special Committees of the Board” of this annual report for
information about meetings held by the Remuneration Committee.
84   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     C Accountability and Auditing
     C.1 Financial Reporting

     a. The Directors are responsible for supervising the compilation of accounts in each ﬁnancial period, which shall be prepared on
     a going concern basis, and should ensure that the accounts can authentically and fairly reﬂect the business conditions, operating
     results and cash ﬂows of the Group during the corresponding period. The Board approved the ﬁnancial statements for the year
     2022 and warranted that there were no misrepresentations, misleading statements or material omissions contained in this annual
     report, and take jointly and severally responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the contents therein.

     b. The Company provides ﬁnancial information, production and operation status to the Directors every month to ensure that the
     Directors are informed of the Company’s latest developments in a timely manner.

     c. The Company adopted an internal control mechanism to ensure that the management and relevant departments provide
     sufficient ﬁnancial data and related explanations to the Board and the Audit Committee.

     d. The external auditors of the Company issued a statement about their reporting responsibilities in the ﬁnancial statements
     contained in the independent auditors’ report.

     C.2 Risk Management and Internal Control

     a. The Company has established a comprehensive and basic process for risk management that is composed of target setting,
     risk identiﬁcation, risk assessment, risk response, supervision and improvement. At the beginning of each year, the Company and
     its subsidiaries will take into account then production and operation situation to analyse the changes and impact of the internal
     and external environment, identify the risk factors and major risk areas confronting various professional ﬁelds, rank and evaluate
     the identiﬁed risks, work out countermeasures and indicators of monitoring and early warning, to address the major and principal
     risks and place operation risks under dynamic monitoring.

     b. The Company has deeply integrated risk management with internal control. In the internal control matrix, risks are described
     according to the Company’s list of risks and, on this basis, the internal control measures have been modiﬁed and improved to take
     risk prevention counter-measures in daily business management activities. The Company has clariﬁed the responsible parties and
     strengthened supervision and inspection through means including internal control evaluation to ensure that its internal risks are
     controllable and being under control.

     c. The Board is the highest decision-making authority for the Company’s overall risk control measures. The Board acknowledges
     that it is its responsibility to ensure that the Company has established and maintained appropriate and effective risk management
     and internal control systems, and has the responsibility to review the effectiveness of these systems. Such systems are designed
     to manage rather than eliminate risks such as failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable, but not
     absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Company has established the Risk Management Committee
     to organise and lead the comprehensive risk management and internal control efforts of the Company. The departments and
     subsidiaries of the Company speciﬁcally implement overall risk management and internal control measures. They are responsible
     for promptly identifying, analysing and evaluating the risks in production and operations to put forward the counter-measures and
     solutions for internal control that are to be implemented afterwards.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       85




d. For the purpose of inspecting and evaluating the internal risk control measures of the Company, the risk management
departments of the Company and its subsidiaries will test on the implementation of internal control on a quarterly basis. The
supervision and audit department of the Company will carry out comprehensive annual inspections and evaluations on the
effectiveness of the risk-oriented internal control design and operation of the Company. The general procedures of inspection
and evaluation mainly include drawing up a plan for inspection and evaluation of internal control, setting up a working group for
inspection and evaluation of internal control, implementing online testing of the internal control system or onsite inspection and
evaluation, identifying the deﬁciencies in internal control, re-checking and conﬁrming the deﬁciencies, arriving at a conclusion
based on onsite evaluation, summarising and analysing the results of inspection and evaluation, compiling the seasonal test
report of internal control as well as the annual and interim work report on risk management and internal control, and regularly
reporting to the management members and the Board.

e. The Company prepares and issues regular reports such as annual reports and interim reports in accordance with the
requirements of the place where the Company is listed. The regular reports are reviewed by the executives and considered by
the management of the Company before being submitted to the Board and the Supervisory Committee for approval. The office of
the Board the Company will ﬁnalise the regular reports according to the opinions of the Board and disclose the reports together
with other relevant documents required to be submitted and disclosed on the designated websites within the given timeframe. The
Company has established procedures on disclosure of inside information to ensure that inside information is promptly identiﬁed,
assessed and submitted, where applicable, for the attention of the Board. In case of the occurrence of any signiﬁcant event that
needs to be disclosed, the office of the Board the Company will organise the drafting of a report according to the actual conditions
and go through the relevant approval procedures according to the Articles of Association and rules and procedures of the
Company before disclosing the information.

f. Statement of risk management and internal control: Internal risk control departments of the Company and its subsidiaries carry
out risk management and internal control inspection and evaluation at least quarterly, and supervision and audit departments
organise and implement risk-oriented internal control comprehensive inspection evaluation at least annually. During the Reporting
Period, risk management and internal control inspection of the Company cover the Reporting Period, and the scope of inspection
covers all major control aspects (including ﬁnance, business operation, compliance control and risk management function). In
particular, the Board considers that the Company has adequacy of resources, staff qualiﬁcations and experience in accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions, and the training courses received by the staff and relevant budget are also
sufficient. The risk management and internal control evaluation results of the Company indicated that the Company has gradually
enhanced consciousness on internal control as well as risk prevention from top down, revised internal control manual and realised
online publication, further adopted effective measures to strengthen internal control management, and comprehensively increased
internal control management level. The Company is not aware of any material deﬁciency, and the internal control of the Company
(including ﬁnancial report and compliance procedures according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) is effective in general.
86   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     C.3 Audit Committee

     a. The Company has established the Audit Committee. Mr. YE Zheng, an independent non-executive Director, is the chairman
     of the Audit Committee, and Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen and Mr. JIN Yong, each an independent non-executive Director,
     are members of the Audit Committee. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee have been established, and are available
     on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee advises on the appointment, re-
     appointment, termination of the independent auditors and their remuneration, reviews the ﬁnancial statements to be submitted to
     the Board, and examines the Company’s ﬁnancial policies, internal audit system, internal control system and risk management
     system. As conﬁrmed, none of the members of the Audit Committee had served as a partner or former partner in the Company’s
     existing auditing ﬁrm.

     According to the Letter to Issuers released by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated 19 December 2014 and relevant
     amendments to the “Corporate Governance Code” set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and in order to
     improve the corporate governance practice and reinforce the risk management and internal control functions of the Board, the
     third meeting of the Second Session of the Board held by the Company on 18 March 2016 has resolved to incorporate the risk
     management function into the scope of authority of the Audit Committee and also to amend the terms of reference of the Audit
     Committee as appropriate. Such amendment was aimed to add and specify the description of risk management function. This
     resolution has been implemented after the approval by the Board.

     b. Please refer to “Report of the Board – Meetings Held by the Special Committees of the Board” of this annual report for
     information about meetings held by the Audit Committee. Review opinions signed by the members of the Audit Committee were
     issued at such meetings and submitted to the Board. During the Reporting Period, there was no disagreement between the Board
     and the Audit Committee.

     c. Members of the Audit Committee may engage independent professionals when performing duties. Reasonable costs arising
     from or in connection with such consultation are borne by the Group. Meanwhile, the Audit Committee appointed the advisory
     member to assist the Audit Committee in speciﬁc daily routines. The expenses of the Audit Committee are included in the budget
     of the Group.

     d. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held meetings with the auditors twice without the presence of the
     management members, either in writing or through meeting in person, discussing the audit situations of ﬁnancial reports and
     the auditors’ fees for the year as well as coordinating the work allocation between the internal and external auditors. The Audit
     Committee considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experiences, as well as the training programmes
     provided to the relevant staffs and the budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and ﬁnancial reporting functions during
     the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee considers that the Company’s management performed their duties and established an
     effective internal control system. In addition, the Audit Committee also considered the adequacy of the resource of the Company’s
     internal audit function, reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of the internal audit function on a constant basis. According to
     the Company’s internal control mechanism, the Company has established whistle-blowing mechanism, whereby the staff and
     stakeholders may have a channel, such as online reporting, reporting through letters, meeting with reporters, complaint mail
     box, to report and complain on their discovered activities that have breached the Company’s internal control system. The Audit
     Committee has reviewed and approved such system.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   87




D Delegation of Power by the Board
a. The Board, the management and the special committees of the Board have clear terms of references. The Articles of
Association, the Rules and Procedures for the Shareholders Meetings, the Rules and Procedures for the Board Meetings, and the
Working Rules for the President specify clear scopes of duties, authorities and authorisations of the Board and the management.

b. In addition to the Nomination Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee, the Board has also established the
Strategy and Development Committee and the ESG Committee. The Chairwoman and executive Director, Mdm. SUN Lili, serves
as the chairwoman of the Strategy and Development Committee. Mr. JIN Yong, an independent non-executive Director, serves
as the vice chairman of the Strategy and Development Committee. Mr. XIANG Wenwu (the executive Director and Vice Chairman
of the Board), Mr. WANG Zizong (a non-executive Director), Mr. LI Chengfeng (a non-executive Director), Mr. WU Wenxin (a
non-executive Director) and Mr. JIANG Dejun (an executive Director and the President), serve as members of the Strategy and
Development Committee. The Strategy and Development Committee is responsible for studying the long-term development
strategies as well as major decisions on capital expenditure, investment and ﬁnancing of the Company. The ESG Committee
comprises Chairwoman and executive Director Mdm. SUN Lili, executive Director Mr. JIANG Dejun, non-executive director Mr. LI
Chengfeng, independent non-executive Directors Mr. JIN Yong and YE Zheng. The ESG Committee is responsible for deliberating
and decision-making on ESG related matters. Please refer to “Report of the Board – Meetings Held by the Special Committees of
the Board” of this annual report for information about meetings held by the Strategy and Development Committee and the ESG
Committee.

c. All special committees under the Board have clear written scope of responsibilities. The terms of reference of all special
committees under the Board specify that such committees should report its decisions or recommendations to the Board.

d. The Board conﬁrms that corporate governance should be joint responsibilities of directors, and corporate governance functions
include:

(i) to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company;

(ii) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management;

(iii) to review and monitor the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements of the Company;

(iv) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees, Directors and
Supervisors; and

(v) to review the compliance with Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report of the
Company.
88   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     E Shareholder Communication and Investor Relationship
     a. The Company places great emphasis on investor relations. The Senior Management conducts road shows for investors every
     year to introduce matters that investors may be concerned about, such as development strategies, production and business
     performance of the Company. The Company office (office of the Board) is responsible for communicating with investors in
     compliance with regulatory requirements through meetings with, site visits by and setting up email accounts for investors, which
     enhanced communications with investors.

     b. During the Reporting Period, for each substantially separate issue at a general meeting, a separate resolution was proposed.
     All resolutions were voted by poll to safeguard the interests of all the shareholders of the Company. A meeting notice was
     delivered to each shareholder at least 45 days (exclusive of the day of the meeting) prior to shareholders meetings.

     c. The Company attaches great importance to the communication with shareholders to ensure that shareholders can obtain
     the information of the company equally and timely, so that shareholders can exercise their rights as shareholders and allow
     shareholders to actively participate in the affairs of the company. The communication with shareholders is mainly through the
     company’s website, company mailbox, financial reports, annual general meeting and other potential extraordinary general
     meetings, and other disclosure materials submitted to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Shareholders can reach the Company
     via telephone (+8610-5673-0525) or email (seg.ir@sinopec.com) to express opinions on various matters of the company. The
     Chairwoman of the Board hosted the shareholders meetings as the chairman of such meeting. Members of the Board and the
     Senior Management also attended shareholders meetings, answered questions raised by the shareholders of the Company and
     listened to suggestions of the Shareholders. The Company has reviewed the implementation of the policies related to shareholder
     communication during the Reporting Period, and is of the opinion that the relevant policies are appropriate and effective.

     F Company Secretary
     a. The company secretary of the Company is recognised by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as the professional, and is
     nominated by the Chairwoman of the Board and appointed by the Board. Company secretary is a Senior Management and reports
     to the Company and the Board. The company secretary of the Company gives opinions on corporate governance to the Board
     and arranges orientation training and professional development of the Directors.

     b. The company secretary of the Company actively participated in professional development training and has taken no less than
     15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       89




G Shareholders’ Rights
a. Shareholders who individually or collectively hold 10% or more of the total voting shares issued by the Company may request
in writing for the Board to convene extraordinary shareholders meeting or class meetings. If the Board fails to grant the request to
call the meeting according to the Rules and Procedures for Shareholders Meetings, shareholders may call and hold the meeting
at their discretion according to laws, and reasonable expenses arising therefrom are to be borne by the Company. The aforesaid
provisions are subject to the following conditions: the proposals proposed at the shareholders meeting shall fall within the scope
of authorities of the shareholders meetings, with speciﬁed proposals and resolutions, and in compliance with the relevant laws,
administrative regulations and the Articles of Association.

b. When the Company holds a shareholders meeting, shareholders who individually or collectively hold 3% or more of the total
voting shares issued by the Company may propose a provisional proposal 10 days before the date of the meeting.

c. The eligibility for attending the general meeting, the shareholders’ rights and the meeting agenda are clearly stated in the
notices to the shareholders of the Company.

d. The Company requires that the Company secretary is responsible for establishing an effective communication channel
between the Company and its shareholders, setting up a special organisation for contacting shareholders, and passing their
opinions and advice to the Board and the management members in a timely manner. Contact details of the Company can be
found under the “Investor Center” section on the website of the Company.


(2) Auditors
At the 2021 annual general meeting of the Company held on 26 May 2022, the Company approved the appointment of BDO
China Shu Lun Pan Certiﬁed Public Accountants LLP and BDO Limited as the domestic and international auditors of the Company
for the year 2022 and authorised the Board to determine their remuneration for the year 2022. As approved at the fifteenth
meeting of the Third Session of the Board, the audit fee for 2022 is RMB4.57 million. The ﬁnancial statement of 2022 was audited
by BDO Limited.

During the Reporting Period, BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certiﬁed Public Accountants LLP and BDO Limited did not provide any
material non-audit services to the Company.


(3) Other Information about Corporate Governance of the Company
For the composition of the Board, please refer to page 114 to page 118; for information regarding changes in share capital and
shareholdings of substantial shareholders, please refer to page 32 to page 35; for information regarding meetings of the Board,
please refer to page 92 to page 93; for the attendance of each Director in Board meetings and Shareholders meetings, please
refer to page 94; for information regarding the equity interests of Directors, Supervisors and other Senior Management members,
please refer to page 76; for information regarding the resume and annual remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and other Senior
Management members, please refer to page 112 to page 124.
90   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     REPORT OF THE BOARD

     REPORT OF THE BOARD
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             91




  REPORT OF THE BOARD
92   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     REPORT OF THE BOARD




     The Board is pleased to present the report for the year ended 31 December 2022 for Shareholders’ review.



     1 Board Composition
     During the Reporting Period, the composition of the Fourth Session of the Board consists Mdm. SUN Lili, Mr. XIANG Wenwu
     and Mr. JIANG Dejun, as executive Directors; and Mr. WANG Zizong, Mr. LI Chengfeng and Mr. WU Wenxin, as non-executive
     Directors; Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen, Mr. JIN Yong and Mr. YE Zheng, as the independent non-executive Directors.



     2 Principal Business Activities
     The Group is a leading energy and chemical engineering company in the PRC with strong international competitiveness and can
     provide domestic and overseas clients with overall solutions for petrol reﬁning, chemical engineering, aromatics, coal chemicals,
     inorganic chemicals, pharmaceutical chemicals, clean energy, storage and transportation facilities, environmental protection and
     energy saving, among other industry sectors. The Group is a service provider for the whole life cycle from project planning to
     project operation and can provide overall industry chain services including engineering consulting, technology licensing, project
     management contracting, ﬁnancing assistance, EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) contracting, as well as design,
     procurement, construction and installation, lifting and transportation of large equipment, pre-commissioning and start-up.

     The list of the Company’s major subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022, together with (among others) details of their principal
     countries of operation, places of incorporation or establishment and particulars of their issued share capital, is set out in Note 44
     to the ﬁnancial statements contained in this annual report.



     3 Meetings of the Board
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held 7 Board meetings. The details are as follows:

     The second meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 18 March 2022, whereby the following
     resolutions were considered and approved: the work report of the Board for the year 2021; the report on the business operation for
     the year 2021 and the work arrangements for the year 2022; the report on the operating results, ﬁnancial performance and other
     relevant matters for the year 2021; proposal on the audited ﬁnancial statements for the year of 2021; proposal on the 2021 annual
     report and results announcement; proposal on the environmental, social and governance report for the year 2021; proposal on
     approval for establishment of ESG Committee of the Board of the Company; proposal on the business operation plan, investment
     plan and ﬁnancial budget for the year 2022; the proposed cap for the amount of performance guarantee(s) to be provided by the
     Company (as the parent company) for the beneﬁt of its subsidiaries for the year 2022; proposal on the ﬁnal dividend distribution
     plan for the year 2021 and the authorisation to the Board to determine the interim proﬁt distribution plan for the year 2022 to be
     put forward for approval at the Company’s annual general meeting (the annual general meeting); proposal on the appointment of
     domestic auditor and international auditor and the authorisation to the Board to ﬁx their remuneration for the year 2022; proposal
     on the outline of “14th ﬁve-year” development plan of the Company; proposal on submitting for approval the “work report on the
     risk management and internal control” in 2021; proposal on submitting for approval the “internal control manual (2022 version)”;
     proposal on submitting for approval the “administrative method of the Board regarding license”; proposal on grant of a general
     mandate to the Board to repurchase domestic shares and/or H shares to be put forward for approval at the annual general
     meeting, the ﬁrst class meeting of domestic shares in 2022 and the ﬁrst class meeting of H shares in 2022 (collectively referred
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     93




to as the “class meeting”); proposal on grant of a general mandate to the Board to issue domestic shares and/or H shares of the
Company to be put forward for approval at the annual general meeting; proposal on approving the convening of 2021 annual
general meeting and the class meeting for shareholders.

The third meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 25 April 2022, whereby the proposal on
approval of 2021 performance appraisal situations of executive staffs, annual performance-based bonus allocation program and
incentive pre-payment scheme during term of office was considered and approved.

The fourth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 26 May 2022, whereby the proposal on
optimization and adjustment of operation management mechanism for overseas institutions of the Company was considered and
approved.

The ﬁfth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 2 June 2022, whereby the proposal on
approval of 2022 letter of responsibilities for business performance appraisal of executive staffs was considered and approved.

The sixth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 28 July 2022, whereby the proposal on
participation in noncontinuous connected transaction for joint-venture establishment of Sinopec Carbon Industry Technology Co.,
Ltd. was considered and approved.

The seventh meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 19 August 2022, whereby the following
resolutions were considered and approved: the report on the fulﬁllment of the key targets for the ﬁrst half of 2022 and the report
on the work arrangements for the second half of 2022, report on the operating results, ﬁnancial performance and other relevant
matters for the ﬁrst half of 2022, proposal on audited 2022 interim ﬁnancial statements, proposal on 2022 interim report and
results announcement, proposal on 2022 interim dividend distribution plan, proposal on “internal control guidance of SINOPEC
SEG (2022 revised edition)”, proposal on “major business risks control manual of SINOPEC SEG (trial edition)”.

The eighth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 9 December 2022, whereby the proposal
on approval of revision of the performance appraisal method and remuneration management method for executive staffs was
considered and approved.



4 Implementation of Resolutions Approved at Shareholders
Meetings by the Board
During the Reporting Period, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, all members
of the Board diligently implemented the resolutions approved at the Shareholders meetings, and have completed various tasks
delegated to them at the Shareholders meetings.
94   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     5 Attendance of Board Meetings and Shareholders Meetings
     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each Director of the Fourth Session of the Board to the Board meetings and
     Shareholders meetings, and the trainings they received, are as follows:

                                                       Board Meetings                          Attendance at the
                                                                                          general meeting for the
                                                                                          year 2022 and the 2021
                                                                                                   extraordinary
      Name                                   Attend in person           Attend by proxy    shareholders meeting     Trainings

      SUN Lili                                             7                         0                         3           2

      XIANG Wenwu                                          7                         0                         3           2

      WANG Zizong                                          7                         0                         3           2

      LI Chengfeng                                         7                         0                         3           2

      WU Wenxin                                            7                         0                         3           2

      JIANG Dejun                                          7                         0                         3           2

      HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                              7                         0                         3           2

      JIN Yong                                             7                         0                         3           2

      YE Zheng                                             7                         0                         3           2
                                                              SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                            95




6 Meetings held by the Special Committees of the Board
The Board has established ﬁve special committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee, the Strategy and Development Committee and the ESG Committee. The Company’s management has established
four special committees, namely, the Risk Control Committee, the Confidentiality Committee, the QHSE Committee and the
Sustainable Development Committee. During the Reporting Period, the Strategy and Development Committee held 1 meeting,
the Audit Committee held 2 meetings, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting. As of the date of this annual report, the
Nomination Committee held 1 meeting, the ESG Committee held 1 meeting. The attendance of special committee meetings by
members of each committee are as follows:

                                                  Number of meetings         Number of meetings       Number of meetings
  Name                                         required to be attended        attended in person        attended by proxy

 Strategy and Development Committee

 SUN Lili                                                           1                         1                        0

 XIANG Wenwu                                                        1                         1                        0

 JIANG Dejun                                                        1                         1                        0

 WANG Zizong                                                        1                         1                        0

 LI Chengfeng                                                       1                         1                        0

 WU Wenxin                                                          1                         1                        0

 JIN Yong                                                           1                         1                        0

 Audit Committee

 YE Zheng                                                           2                         2                        0

 HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                                            2                         2                        0

 JIN Yong                                                           2                         2                        0

 Remuneration Committee

 YE Zheng                                                           1                         1                        0

 HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                                            1                         1                        0

 JIN Yong                                                           1                         1                        0

 Nomination Committee    note



 SUN Lili                                                           1                         1                        0

 XIANG Wenwu                                                        1                         1                        0

 HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                                            1                         1                        0

 JIN Yong                                                           1                         1                        0

 YE Zheng                                                           1                         1                        0

 ESG Committeenote

 SUN Lili                                                           1                         1                        0

 JIANG Dejun                                                        1                         1                        0

 LI Chengfeng                                                       1                         1                        0

 JIN Yong                                                           1                         1                        0

 YE Zheng                                                           1                         1                        0

Note: as of the date of this annual report
96   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     Speciﬁc situations of meetings of each committee are as follows:

     The ﬁrst meeting of the Audit Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 17 March 2022,
     whereby the following resolutions were considered and approved: the audited opinion of independent auditor on the Company’s
     ﬁnancial statements of 2021, execution of the continuing connected transactions in 2021, proposal on the appointment of domestic
     auditor and international auditor and the authorisation to the Board to ﬁx their remuneration for the year 2022, description of 2021
     annual report of the Company, description of environmental, social and governance report for the year 2021, description of non-
     competition situation for the year 2021, work report of internal control audit for the year 2021, proposal on submitting for approval
     the work report of risk management and internal control in 2021.

     The second meeting of the Audit Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 18 August 2022,
     whereby the following resolutions were considered and approved: audit opinion of the independent auditor on the Company’s
     2022 interim financial statements, description on the 2022 interim report and results announcement of the Company, work
     report of comprehensive risk management, internal control and compliance in the ﬁrst half of 2022, execution of the continuing
     connected transactions in the ﬁrst half of 2022.

     The ﬁrst meeting of the Strategy and Development Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC,
     on 15 March 2022, whereby the proposal on the outline of “14th ﬁve-year” development plan of the Company was considered and
     approved.

     The ﬁrst meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 9 December
     2022, whereby the proposal on approval of revision of the performance appraisal method and remuneration management method
     for executive staffs was considered and approved.

     The ﬁrst meeting of the Nomination Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 16 March
     2023, whereby the resolutions of the resignation of a director and proposed appointment of a director of the Fourth Session of the
     Board was considered and approved.

     The ﬁrst meeting of the ESG Committee of the Fourth Session of the Board was held in Beijing, the PRC, on 17 March 2023,
     whereby the introduction of the preparation of the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report was considered and
     approved.



     7 Performance
     The ﬁnancial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were prepared in accordance with the IFRS and its
     ﬁnancial position as at that date and the corresponding analysis are set out from page 134 to page 212 in this annual report.



     8 Dividends
     In accordance with the Company Law and other relevant laws and regulations, the Company attaches great importance to the
     reasonable return on investment to investors and ensures the continuity and stability of the Company’s proﬁt distribution policy.
     The Company’s distributable proﬁts in the form of cash each year shall be no less than 30% of the net proﬁts attributable to the
     Company’s shareholders in the year, under the circumstances that there are net proﬁts attributable to the Company’s shareholders
     and accumulated undistributable proﬁts, and that the Company’s investment plan and cash expenses can be satisﬁed. A decision
     to declare or to pay any dividends in the future, and the amount of any dividends, will depend on, among other things, the
     Company’s results of operations, cash ﬂows and ﬁnancial condition, operating and capital expenditure requirements, distributable
     proﬁts as determined under PRC GAAP or IFRS (whichever is lower), the Articles of Association, the Company Law and any
     other applicable PRC law and regulations and other relevant requirements of the supervisory authorities of the place where the
     Company is listed.

     At the annual general meeting for the year 2021 convened on 26 May 2022, an ordinary resolution was passed to approve the
     authorisation to the Board to determine the interim proﬁt distribution plan for the year 2022. The dividend distribution plan of
     RMB0.118 per share (inclusive of applicable tax) for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was approved at the seventh meeting of
     the Fourth Session of the Board convened on 19 August 2022. The dividend distribution plan was implemented.

     The tenth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board of the Company approved the dividend distribution plan for the year ended
     31 December 2022. A ﬁnal cash dividend of RMB0.210 (inclusive of applicable taxes) per share would be distributed based on
     4,428,000,000 shares (including 1,460,800,000 H shares and 2,967,200,000 domestic shares), being the total share capital of
     the Company as at 31 December 2022. The above dividend distribution plan will be submitted to the Company’s annual general
     meeting to be held on 12 May 2023 for review and approval before implementation.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      97




The ﬁnal dividend for the year of 2022 will be paid on or before Wednesday, 19 July 2023 to all Shareholders whose names
appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, 23 May 2023. In order to qualify for the
ﬁnal dividend, the holders of H Shares must lodge all share certiﬁcates accompanied by the transfer documents with Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd. (address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong
Kong) before 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 17 May 2023 for registration. For the purpose of ascertaining Shareholders who qualify
for the dividend, the register of members for H Shares will be closed from Thursday, 18 May 2023 to Tuesday, 23 May 2023 (both
days inclusive).

The dividend will be denominated and declared in Renminbi. The holders of Domestic Shares will be paid in Renminbi and the
holders of H Shares will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The exchange rate for the dividend to be paid in Hong Kong dollars will
be the average of the exchange rates of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China during the
ﬁve business days preceding the date of approval of the ﬁnal dividend by the annual general meeting to be convened on 12 May
2023.

In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國企業所得稅法) and its
implementation regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of
the non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members for H Shares when distributing the
cash dividends. Any H Shares not registered under the name of an individual Shareholder, including HKSCC Nominees Limited,
other nominees, agents or trustees, or other organisations or groups, shall be deemed as shares held by non-resident enterprise
shareholders. Therefore, enterprise income tax shall be withheld from dividends payable to such Shareholders. If holders of H
Shares intend to change their shareholder status, please enquire about the relevant procedures with their agents or trustees.
The Company will strictly comply with the law and the requirements of the relevant government authority and withhold and pay
enterprise income tax on behalf of the relevant Shareholders based on the register of members for H Shares as at Tuesday, 23
May 2023.

If the individual holders of H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or residents of the countries which had an agreed tax
rate of 10% for the cash dividends given to them under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC, the Company should withhold
and pay individual income tax on behalf of the relevant Shareholders at a rate of 10%. Should the individual holders of H Shares
be residents of the countries which had an agreed tax rate of less than 10% under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC, the
Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax of the dividend on behalf of the relevant shareholders at a rate of 10%. In
that case, if the relevant individual holders of H Shares wish to reclaim the extra amount withheld due to the application of 10%
tax rate, the Company can apply for the relevant agreed preferential tax treatment provided that the relevant Shareholders submit
the information required by the notice of the tax agreement to the H share registrar of the Company. The Company will assist
with the tax refund of the extra amount withheld after obtaining the approval of the competent tax authority. Should the individual
holders of H Shares be residents of the countries which had an agreed tax rate of over 10% but less than 20% under the tax
agreement with the PRC, the Company shall withhold and pay the individual income tax at the agreed actual rate in accordance
with the relevant tax agreement. In the case that the individual holders of H Shares are residents of the countries which have had
an agreed tax rate of 20% under the relevant tax agreement with the PRC, or which has not entered into any tax agreement with
PRC, or otherwise, the Company shall withhold and pay the individual income tax at a rate of 20%.

For investors investing in the H Shares of the Company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through the Shanghai Stock
Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange (including enterprises and individuals) (the “Southbound Trading”), the Company has
entered into the Agreement on Appropriation of Cash Dividends of H Shares for Southbound Trading ( 《港股通H股股票現金紅利派
發協議》    ) with China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, pursuant to which, China Securities Depository and
Clearing Corporation Limited, as the nominee of the holders of H Shares for Southbound Trading, will receive all cash dividends
distributed by the Company and distribute the cash dividends to the relevant investors of H Shares of Southbound Trading
through its depositary and clearing system. The cash dividends for the investors of H Shares of Southbound Trading will be paid
in Renminbi.
98   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




     Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the “Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong
     Kong Stock Connect” (Caishui [2014] No. 81) (   《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81號)
     and the “Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect” (Caishui [2016]
     No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016]127號)), for dividends received by domestic
     investors from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or
     Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the Company of such H shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of
     20% on behalf of the investors. For dividends received by domestic securities investment funds from investing in H shares listed
     on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the
     tax payable shall be the same as that for individual investors. The company of such H shares will not withhold and pay the income
     tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic enterprise investors shall report and pay the relevant tax
     themselves.



     9 Major Suppliers and Clients
     During the Reporting Period, the total purchases from the top five suppliers of the Group accounted for 13.9% of the total
     purchases of the Group, of which the purchases from the largest supplier accounted for 9.0% of the total purchases of the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, the total sales to the top ﬁve clients of the Group accounted for 58.5% of the total sales of the Group,
     of which sales to the largest client accounted for 49.5% of the total sales. For details on the Group’s relationships with major
     clients and the risks that the Group’s business may face due to such relationships, please see the section headed “Report of the
     Board – 27 Risk Factors – Risks relating to decreased orders from major clients” in this annual report.

     During the Reporting Period, other than the connected transactions with the controlling shareholder, Sinopec Group, and its
     subsidiaries, as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” of this annual report, to the knowledge of the Board,
     none of the Directors, Supervisors and their close associates or any Shareholder holding 5% or more of the share capital of the
     Company had any interest in any of the above-mentioned major suppliers and clients.



     10 Bank Loans and Other Borrowings
     The Group had USD20 million (about RMB142 million) loans to the fellow subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period.



     11 Fixed Assets
     During the Reporting Period, changes to the ﬁxed assets of the Group are set out in Note 17 to the ﬁnancial statements prepared
     in accordance with the IFRS in this annual report.



     12 Donations
     During the Reporting Period, the amount of charity donations made by the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,345,000.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        99




13 Pre-emptive Right
According to the Articles of Association and the applicable PRC laws, the Shareholders are not entitled to any preemptive rights.
Therefore, the existing Shareholders cannot request the Company for the right of ﬁrst refusal in proportion to their shareholdings.



14 Issuance of Equity Securities or Debentures
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has issued any equity securities (including securities
convertible into equity securities) or debentures.



15 Management Contract
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any contract by which a person
undertakes the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.



16 Equity-Linked Agreements
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into or there subsisted any equity-linked
agreement, or any agreement requiring the Company or any of its subsidiaries to enter into the agreement that will or may result
in the issuance of shares by the Company.



17 Resignation of Director and Supervisor
During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or Supervisors resigned from their positions.



18 Permitted Indemnity Provisions
During the Reporting Period, the Company purchased liability insurance for Directors to reduce their risks in the normal course of
performing their duties. Save for this, there has been no permitted indemnity provision being in force for the beneﬁt of any existing
directors or the then directors of the Company (whether made by the Company or otherwise) or any associated company of the
Company (if made by the Company).



19 Significant Investment
During the Reporting Period, the Company has made no signiﬁcant investment (including any investment with a value of 5% or
more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2022).
100   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      20 Accounting Standard
      The difference between the main accounting policies adopted by the Company for compilation of 2022 audited consolidated
      ﬁnancial statement and the main accounting policies for compilation of 2021 audited consolidated ﬁnancial statement are indicated
      in details in Note 3.1 to the ﬁnancial statements.



      21 Retirement and Employee Benefit Plan
      Details of the Group’s retirement and employee beneﬁt plan are set out in Note 33 to the ﬁnancial statements.

      For the disclosures in relation to the employees of the Group, please refer to the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Other
      Members of Senior Management and Employees – 6 Employees” in this annual report.



      22 Compliance with Laws and Regulations
      In 2022, the Group was strictly in compliance with laws and regulations such as the Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China,
      the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Construction Law
      of the People’s Republic of China, the Tendering/Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Safe Production Law of
      the People’s Republic of China and other applicable environmental policies in China; and under the existing system, the Company
      also continuously increased or improved various systems, established a relatively complete compliance operation mechanism,
      prevented and avoided the occurrence of major legal risks to the maximum extent, and provided strong compliance guarantee for
      the Company’s operation and development.



      23 The Directors and Supervisors Interests in Acquiring
      Shares or Debentures
      During the Reporting Period, there has not subsisted any arrangement to which the Company, a subsidiary of the Company, the
      parent company of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company’s parent company is a party and whose objects are to enable
      directors, supervisors or any of their respective associates of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to acquire beneﬁts by means
      of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.



      24 Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Material
      Transactions, Arrangements and Contracts of Significance
      During the Reporting Period, for details of the interests of Directors and Supervisors in material transactions, arrangements and
      contracts of signiﬁcance, please refer to the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Other Members of Senior Management and
      Employees – 5 Contract Beneﬁts of Directors and Supervisors” in this annual report.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      101




25 Change of Auditors
The Company has not changed auditors since the date of preparation for listing to 8 May 2020, when the annual general meeting
for the year 2019 was held.

Sinopec Group is a controlling shareholder of the Company, which in turn is a state-owned enterprise under the control of the
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China (the
“SASAC”). According to the relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the
SASAC, there are restrictions in respect of the number of years of audit services that an accounting ﬁrm can continuously provide
to a state-owned enterprise and its subsidiaries. In accordance with such requirements, the annual general meeting for the year
2019 of the Company has approved the appointment of BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certiﬁed Public Accountants LLP and BDO
Limited as the domestic and international auditors of the Company, respectively. For details of the resolution, please refer to the
announcement and circular of the Company dated 23 March 2020, and the resolution of the annual general meeting for the year
2019 issued on 8 May 2020.

The Company has not changed auditors since the annual general meeting for the year 2019 on 8 May 2020.



26 Core Competitiveness Analysis
The Group is a leading energy and chemical engineering company in the PRC. The Group has the legacy of being among very
ﬁrst oil reﬁning and petrochemical engineering enterprises established in the PRC in the 1950s. Leveraging on long operating
history and sophisticated industry experiences, we have developed the strong execution capabilities in the PRC with respect
to engineering and constructing large-scale oil reﬁning, petrochemical and new coal chemicals complexes, etc., which usually
include a series of process units and public utilities, and we are highly competitive in the international engineering markets.

While adhering to the technical advantages in the petrochemical ﬁeld, the Group focuses on the development of dual-carbon
process technology and equipment related to the petrochemical engineering ﬁeld, forming a group of cutting-edge technologies,
standards and guidelines with independent characteristics such as energy saving, carbon reduction and carbon sequestration,
and realizing the development of industrial application and process package.

The competitive strengths of the Group are particularly reﬂected in the large business scale, strong executive capacity, excellent
management and technical team, advanced industrialised proprietary and patented technologies, sound management system,
advanced software and equipment, rich and reliable suppliers and subcontractors resources, complete service chain in the
technology R&D and licensing, preliminary project consulting, ﬁnancing assistance, engineering, procurement, construction, trial
test/commissioning and maintenance services and excellent one-stop engineering service capability.

Given our competitive advantages in industry chain, business chain, technology chain and supply chain, the Group is now a
leader in China’s oil reﬁning and engineering industry. The Group is also on the cutting edge of the rapidly developing Chinese
and international engineering markets.
102   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      27 Risk Factors
      The trend of the global macro-economic situation is under stress and turbulence
      The business performance of the Group is closely related to the economic situation of the PRC as well as the global economic
      situation. In 2022, the international political landscape and situations underwent drastic turbulence and profound changes.
      Competition among the great powers became more intense, ﬁerce geopolitics caused more acute conﬂicts than ever, the overall
      recovery of the world economy slowed down, and the global supply chain pressure indicator was still at a high level while the
      ﬁscal policies of many countries gave certain support to investment. Global inﬂation had a strong impact on the economies of
      countries, and inﬂation in some major economies continued to be at a high level, and if the measures for dealing with inﬂation
      are improper, the world economy may fall into greater turmoil. In 2022, although the overall trend of international crude oil price
      ﬂuctuated but the oil price was generally high, European and American sanctions blocked the export channel of Russian oil and
      natural gas, resulting in regional imbalance between supply and demand of oil and gas and distorting the market mechanism,
      and if the geopolitical situation continues to evolve, the global oil and gas landscape will enter a period of deep adjustment. The
      international engineering industry is still facing the regional public security situation, industrial chain and supply chain, raw material
      and logistics costs, and a series of unexpected risk factors. The green and low-carbon transformation of the global energy sector
      brought impacts and challenges to the traditional oil reﬁning and chemical engineering industry. The operation of the Company
      may also be adversely affected by other various factors, including but not limited to the adverse inﬂuence brought by sudden
      change and unpredictability of international geopolitics, ﬂuctuation in international oil price, and uncertainty in oil products and
      chemical product demand upon investment in overseas oil reﬁning and chemical engineering projects.


      Risks brought by changes in market environment
      In 2023, the prospects for global economic recovery are still uncertain, global energy development faced security risks and low-
      carbon transformation pressure at the same time, the pace of capacity expansion in the reﬁning industry will slow down, the
      ethylene industrial chain will face excessive pressure, and the integration and substitution of production capacity will accelerate.
      China still faces a complex external environment. Under the “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” target, the substitution of
      non-fossil energy is increasing, the development environment of energy and chemical industry will face deep adjustment, the
      pattern of industry supply and demand, operating entities and market layout will be reconstructed, and the reﬁning and chemical
      industry will face more harsh state of survival of the ﬁttest. As far as the engineering market is concerned, diversiﬁed investment
      subjects, diversiﬁed competition subjects, insufficient market capacity, declining contract beneﬁts and rising execution risks will
      become the new normal faced by engineering companies for a long time.


      Risks relating to changes in policies
      (1) Nationalisation, cancellation, seizure, confiscation, suspension and other risks with regard to projects
      undertaken by us
      Some of the countries where the Company’s overseas projects are located or the target countries where the market is developed
      have political instability, governmental governing was inefficient or gets into trouble, public liability and credit risk are high, and the
      resulting policy uncertainty and possible government intervention in investment matters have increased the political risks of project
      investment and construction. In some regions, government nationalisation, cancellation, seizure, conﬁscation, and suspension of
      reﬁnery projects occur from time to time. Little or even no compensation is paid to investors. Thus, relevant project participants
      may suffer huge losses. Under such circumstances, the risks relating to exploration of new markets and project implementation
      activities in affected countries are relatively high and this may hinder the development of the international business of the Group.
      However, as the Group is an asset-light company, which mainly provides engineering services, and has a very low possibility
      of contracting overseas projects in the form of investment or equity participation, even if it participates in overseas projects
      involving investment in the future, there will be strict risk review. In general, the above risks have a limited impact on the Group’s
      international business.
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                           103




(2) Risks relating to host country’s inadequate policy and regulation
Certain countries where our projects is located have set restrictions and access, environmental protection, labor protection and
public safety policies for the industry where the Group is located, but there are problems such as incomplete and imperfect
system, differential management and inefficient execution, and there is substantial uncertainty about whether partial reasonable
policies can be continuously and effectively implemented in the future. Once some conditions occur due to imperfect policies
and laws, the implementation of the project will be blocked directly, and the project will be involved in disputes or even legal
proceedings, which will affect the implementation of the project in the host country and the further exploration of the market.

(3) Risks relating to changes in financial and legal systems
The Group pays taxes in overseas countries and regions where it operates, changes in value-added tax, income tax, customs
tax and other aspects of host countries’ tax system and tax rate will directly affect the economic results of the projects and may
reduce the profitability of the project. In recent years, the taxation and legal systems of third-world countries were gradually
improved, tax enforcement became increasingly normalized and strict, and with the increase of the volume of business contracted
overseas by Chinese engineering construction enterprises, tax penalty against Chinese enterprises appeared in some countries.
In the process of overseas business market development, the Group will fully analyze and evaluate the current ﬁscal, tax and legal
systems of the host country, but it is difficult to predict the possible changes in the tax and legal policies during the implementation
of the project, and these changes may have a signiﬁcant adverse impact on the proﬁtability and ﬁnancial performance of the
Company’s overseas business.

Meanwhile, if changes are made in the legal system of the host regions of major overseas projects in the Middle East, Central
Asia and Southeast Asia, such as changes in environmental protection law, investment law, labour law and other relevant law,
and if regulations and enforcement may become restrictive, the execution of our projects will become more difficult and potentially
affect the development of new projects in the host countries; if the current laws and regulations related to environmental
protection, safety and health are revised or updated, or standards are raised, the costs of compliance and operating efficiency of
overseas businesses will be affected.


Risks relating to project delay and budget overview
(1) Risks relating to inaccurate project quotation and preliminary budget
Insufficient accumulation of basic data required for project quotation and budget (man hour, procurement and construction
price), and insufficient efficiency and accuracy of preparing quotations and budget, may affect the decision-making of projects
and subsequent project implementation. For large projects with higher complexity, particularly the EPC contracting projects and
emerging projects of investment-construction-operation integration, some projects have a long cooperative operation period,
inaccurate initial project quotations and estimations may cause difficulties in implementing the projects as planned.

(2) Risks relating to sub-contractor management
The Group usually engages sub-contractors to provide assistance in completing projects; however, if the resource distribution
of sub-contractors is inadequate, it will delay current project completion and impede undertaking of other projects. Concurrently,
the delay in sub-contractors’ progress will increase the risk of project delay. In addition, the Group assumes joint liability
for subcontracted projects, which means that the Group may be subject to compensation liability due to quality problems of
subcontracted projects and may be subject to lawsuits and compensation claims, may undertake joint liability for the on-site
security accidents of the sub-contractors and bear the risk of the losses in project performance and damages to company image.
It is possible that our business and ﬁnancial status as well as our business operations will be adversely affected by these matters.
104   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      (3) Risks relating to regular fluctuation of raw material prices for construction
      The price of raw materials used in domestic and overseas projects of the Group ﬂuctuates frequently, which directly increases the
      difficulty of project procurement cost control. Especially in the international market, sub-contractors compete by providing low bids
      in order to win contracts, leads to a decrease in the contractor’s proﬁt. If the price of raw materials increases signiﬁcantly, the risk
      of completing a project outside the limits of our budget will be elevated.

      (4) Risks relating to inflation, including the increase in cost of human resources
      The Middle East and Central Asia are the primary target markets of the Group’s international business. Currently, we are
      vigorously developing the regional markets in Southeast Asia. Considering that the economy in such areas as a whole is unstable
      with high inﬂation rates, this may directly lead to increase in price of sub-contracting and labour markets. Concurrently, due to the
      ﬂuctuation in the exchange rate of Renminbi, the cost of exported labour services increases, which further boosts project costs.

      (5) Risk relating to project management
      Risks relating to project management are mainly reﬂected in ﬁnancing service support, engineering design and capability for
      claiming indemnity. Some of our on-going overseas projects are financing projects and the project contract amount is large.
      Insufficient ﬁnancing service support may lead to delays in construction because we may not solve problems in a timely manner.
      For projects where international practices such as engineering design standards and industry rules are substantially different
      from practices of the PRC, the Group’s design team’s abilities may be hampered. Delay in design implementation will result in
      difficulties in the execution of procurement and construction. Due to the complexity of the construction projects of the Group, the
      capability for claiming indemnity may directly affect the proﬁtability of a project. If the project team’s experience in claims and
      counter claims is inadequate to meet the requirements of the undertaken project, especially for our overseas projects, if we fail to
      properly deal with claims and counter claims in some EPC contracting projects where the conditions are complex and the demand
      is high, especially for the overseas projects, these will cause a negative impact on the effectiveness and proﬁtability of such
      projects.


      Risks relating to QHSE
      In recent years, both the domestic and overseas markets require better QHSE management, and the social media has also
      become increasingly concerned about QHSE. Thus, the QHSE management ability of a company has become much more
      important to its survival and future development. The Group is a participant in the petrochemical engineering industry, which has
      both “petrochemical” and “engineering” production characteristics. The high-risk features of the petrochemical and engineering
      industries in fact increase the pressure on and difficulty in our QHSE management, the triple pressures of construction timeline,
      cost and resources are superimposed, and the risk of instability related to safety and quality remains high.

      Any non-standard, non-regulated, imperfect situation or insufficient execution in the Group’ QHSE management principles, models
      and system may result in QHSE incidents. On the other hand, the social situation confronted by the Company’s overseas projects
      is relatively unstable, and the overseas public safety risks are under great pressure, which may lead to overseas public safety
      incidents.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     105




Risks relating to exchange rate
During the Reporting Period, there were accounts receivable and payable and cash balances in relation to our overseas projects,
which are settled in foreign currencies. During the Reporting Period, our foreign currencies mainly consist of U.S. dollars, Euros
Kuwaiti dinar, Saudi riyal, and Malaysian ringgit. Exchange rates will affect the pricing of our services as well as our material
procurement costs settled in foreign currencies. Thus, ﬂuctuation in exchange rates may affect our business performance and
ﬁnancial status. Moreover, the exchange and remittance of foreign currencies are subject to PRC laws and regulations on foreign
currency, and therefore, it cannot be guaranteed that foreign trade policies of current accounts and capital accounts will remain
unchanged. Foreign currency policies may limit our ability to obtain adequate foreign currencies. We cannot ensure that we have
enough foreign currencies to meet the demand of the Group under certain exchange rates. This will affect the execution of our
projects settled in foreign currencies.

During the Reporting Period, relevant hedge transactions implemented by the Company regarding exchange rate ﬂuctuation are
set out in the section headed “SIGNIFICANT EVENTS – 12 Financial Derivatives For Hedging Purposes” in this annual report.


Risks relating to the uncertainty of obtaining new projects
The Group’s revenue mainly comes from offering services in refining, petrochemical, new coal chemical and storage &
transportation industries. Client demands are affected by periodic variation of traditional resources and overall business
levels. Resource supply and price variations will significantly affect our ability to obtain new projects. At the same time, the
competitiveness of traditional resources in the resource market is the prerequisite of ensuring service demand. If government
subsidies or other economic stimulating measures are implemented to lower the prices of substitute resources, and if
technological breakthroughs for substitute resource suppliers and users may be achieved, the cost advantages of traditional
resources will diminish. This will decrease our new business volume on a large scale.


Risks relating to decreased orders from major clients
The industries in which our clients are involved are capital and technology-intensive with high entrance thresholds. Our major
clients are relatively concentrated, resulting in the Group being dependent on a small group of clients, especially on the largest
client which is SINOPEC SEG’s controlling shareholder (and its associates). If our major clients choose to switch to a competitor
of the Group, or reduce orders because of ﬁnancial difficulties and other factors, we will face severe business ﬂuctuations or
revenue decreases. We endeavour to attract more new clients for both our domestic and international businesses. However, it
is likely that the majority of our clients and revenue will continue to come from our current major clients. Therefore, we cannot
guarantee stability and growth of our revenue due to potential risks which may result in significant negative impact on our
business performance.
106   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      Risks relating to changes in investment strategies and tactics
      In recent years, the international situations changed beyond expectations, and the global energy market ﬂuctuated sharply. These
      factors had certain adverse impact to the implementation of investment strategies such as acquisition, sales and new market
      exploration of domestic and international engineering companies. With the gradually stable operation of the domestic economy,
      the Company will still promote the high-quality development of the enterprise through the implementation of investment strategies
      such as acquisition, sales and new market exploration. Entering a new business domain by acquisition may result in additional
      business risks which differ from our previous risk factors. There might be great difficulties in how to recognise all signiﬁcant risks
      during our due diligence investigation, how to achieve synergy and resource integration, and how to successfully operate an
      expanded company after acquisition. We will strive to assist potential buyers to assume liabilities of the business, and execute the
      contracts and other rights should we sell any part of the Group or pursue acquisitions in the future. The Group plans to accelerate
      the promotion of new technological innovation, new product research and development and new business transformation focusing
      on the domestic and overseas markets, and may increase investment in technology and R&D in the ﬁeld of alternative energy
      sources and alternative chemical raw materials, the future development of relevant investments and transactions is mainly subject
      to inﬂuence of uncontrollable government policies superposed with huge downward pressure and potential ﬁnancial risks in the
      world, this may result in a signiﬁcant negative impact on the business and ﬁnancial status of the Group.


      Risks relating to new business segments
      When the Group expands new businesses such as new coal chemicals, energy saving and environmental protection, LNG,
      hydrogen energy, photovoltaic, wind power, faced with the intricate market environment, the Group’s technical reserves in new
      ﬁelds may not be perfect enough, project engineering and constructional experience may be insufficient, if it has little knowledge
      of the credit status of the clients, it is very difficult for the Group to fully identify and avoid major risks existing in the new
      businesses.


      Risks relating to the new business models
      The Group proactively explores new business models such as contract environmental protection management and contract
      energy management. The Group will invest in the whole process of a project, and scale back on costs and earn proﬁts by sharing
      environmental protection and energy saving beneﬁts with its clients. As it involves the corporate operation and project operation
      of its clients, the Group will face, for instance, credit risks due to the transferring of project beneﬁts by the clients, the risks brought
      about by improper corporate operation of the clients or by legal disputes, the project risks in failure to achieve expected targets in
      terms of energy saving and environmental protection beneﬁts and failures in timely pay-back of investments.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       107




Risks associated with pursuit of petroleum and natural gas projects in sanctioned countries
The United States and other jurisdictions or organizations, including the European Union and the United Nations, have,
through executive orders, passing of legislation or other governmental means, implemented measures that impose economic
sanctions against certain countries or jurisdictions, or against targeted industry sectors, groups of companies or persons, and/
or organizations within these countries or jurisdictions. The sanctions imposed on certain relevant jurisdictions may continue and
the implementation and interpretation of such sanctions and policies may evolve, as a result of which there is still scrutiny on the
Group’s business or result in one of or more of the Group’s business activities may be deemed to violate sanctions laws. In view of
this, the Group can provide no assurances that its future business will be free of risk under U.S. sanctions or sanctions from other
countries or organizations, or that the Group will conform its business to the expectations and requirements of U.S. authorities or
the authorities of any other government or organization that does not have jurisdiction over the Group’s business but may impose
sanctions on an extraterritorial basis. Shareholders and potential investors should consider (1) if investment in the Company
would expose them to any OFAC or sanctions law risk arising from their nationality or residency, and (2) the risk that, if the Group
engages in oil, gas and reﬁning chemical engineering business in sanctioned countries, such business may result in reduction of
the marketability of the shares of the Company and may have an adverse effect on the share price of the Company.



28 Report on Corporate Environmental, Social and
Governance
For details of the Group’ environmental, social and governance practices, please refer to the 2022 environmental, social and
governance report to be issued by the Company on 19 March 2023.



                                                                                                             By Order of the Board

                                                                                                                           SUN Lili

                                                                                                         Chairwoman of the Board
                                                                                                                   Beijing, the PRC

                                                                                                                    19 March 2023
108   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

      REPORT OF THE
      SUPERVISORY
      COMMITTEE
              SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                           109




REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
110   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




      Dear Shareholders,
      Under the leadership of shareholders’ general meetings
      of the Company and under the support of the Board, the
      Supervisory Committee and all supervisors of the Company
      earnestly perform the duties required by relevant laws and
      regulations, Articles of Association of the Company, and the
      shareholders general meetings. The Supervisory Committee’s
      responsibilities mainly include timely inspecting the financial
      status of the Company, supervising directors and senior
      management members of the Company to perform duties
      in the Company, convening meetings of the Supervisory
      Committee as scheduled, verifying and reviewing relevant
      proposals to be submitted by the Board to the shareholders
      general meetings, exercising the powers of Supervisory
      Committee in accordance with relevant laws and regulations as
      well as the Articles of Association and submitting proposals to
      shareholders general meetings at appropriate time, to remain
      true to our original aspiration and mission, adhering to work
      in a honest, diligent and pious manner, combining normalised
      supervision with good service, and supporting the Chairwoman
      of the Board, President and other senior management
      members of the Company to sufficiently exercise their lawful
      rights and exert the functions of Supervisory Committee for the
      sustainable development of the Company.

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee
      held two meetings, in which the Company’s annual and
      interim reports, annual and interim ﬁnancial reports, dividend
      distribution plan, annual operation investment plan and
      ﬁnancial budget, the report of the Supervisory Committee and
      so on were reviewed and considered.                               ZHU Fei     Chairman of the Supervisory
      The second meeting of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory       Committee
      Committee of the Company was held on 18 March 2022. The
      work report of the Supervisory Committee for the year 2021,
      the ﬁnancial statements of 2021, the 2021 annual report, the
      dividend distribution plan for the year 2021, production and
      operation plan, investment plan and financial budget for the
      year 2022 and so on were considered and approved at the
      meeting.

      The third meeting of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory
      Committee of the Company was held on 19 August 2022. The
      2022 interim financial statements, the 2022 interim report,
      the 2022 interim dividend distribution plan and so on were
      considered and approved at the meeting.
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                           111




Furthermore, the Supervisory Committee organised supervisors to attend the shareholders general meetings of the Company
and attended the Board meetings as nonvoting delegates, and supervision of the decision-making process for major issues of the
Company.

Through the supervision of operation, management and ﬁnancial of the Company, the Supervisory Committee and all supervisors
believe that in 2022, the Board of the Company and senior management members of the Company have faithfully fulﬁlled the
responsibilities and obligations assigned by relevant laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the shareholders
general meetings, further optimised the internal control system of the Company, strengthened risk prevention and control, actively
used the Audit Committee of the Board and the Supervision Committee to give play to the functions of supervision and restraint,
continued to strengthen the construction of the compliance management system, ISO 37301 compliance management system
certiﬁcation has been approved; and the operational standards, as well as the decision-making procedures of the Company are in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee
did not identify any behavior of any Directors and senior management members of the Company in violation of applicable PRC
laws, regulations or the Articles of Association or in infringement of the interests of the Company and Shareholders in performing
of their duties. The ﬁnancial statements of the Company are in compliance with the China Business Accounting Standards, the
International Financial Reporting Standard and related regulations. The Company’s financial operation is in good condition,
and the ﬁnancial statements truly and fairly represented ﬁnancial status and operating results of the Company. The Company
strictly implements relevant stipulations on the use of proceeds, and the actual use of the proceeds were consistent with the
previous disclosure. The decision-making procedure for connected transactions of the Company complied with the stipulations of
relevant laws, regulations and Articles of Association, and there was no infringement of the interests of the Company and other
Shareholders, etc.

This session of the Supervisory Committee will stick to the principle of integrity, perform its supervisory duties, actively participate
in the supervision of key decision-making processes of the Company, put greater efforts in inspection and supervision and protect
the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.



                                                                                                                               ZHU Fei

                                                                                             Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                      Beijing, the PRC

                                                                                                                        19 March 2023
112   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, OTHER MEMBERS OF
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
      DIRECTORS,
      SUPERVISORS, OTHER
      MEMBERS OF SENIOR
      MANAGEMENT AND
      EMPLOYEES
                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                113




DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, OTHER MEMBERS OF
       SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
114   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.    2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, OTHER MEMBERS OF
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



      (1) Directors
      Mdm. SUN Lili (孫麗麗) – Chairwoman of the Board
                                        Mdm. SUN Lili (孫麗麗), is an expert in petrochemical engineering technology and
                                        management, a master of national engineering survey and design, and the academician of
                                        Chinese Academy of Engineering. Chairwoman of the Company, and an executive director
                                        of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation (中國石化工程建設有限公司). Mdm. SUN is a principal
                                        senior engineer with a university diploma. From June 2004 to April 2012, she served as
                                        the vice president of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. From January 2006 to May 2008,
                                        she served as the vice president of SINOPEC International Petroleum Exploration and
                                        Development Co., Ltd. (中國石化國際石油勘探開發有限公司). From September 2011 to March
                                        2015, she served as the chairwoman of the Project Supervision and Management Committee
                                        of Saudi Yanbu Refinery Joint Venture (沙特延布煉廠合資公司). From December 2011 to
                                        March 2015, she served as the president of Saudi Yanbu Reﬁnery Project and a member of
                                        the remuneration committee and audit committee of the board of directors of Saudi Yanbu
                                        Reﬁnery Joint Venture. From April 2012 to October 2013, she served as the vice president of
                                        SINOPEC Engineering Incorporation. From November 2013 to October 2019, she served as
                                        the president of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. Since November 2013, she has served
                                        as a director of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. From January 2014 to November 2014,
                                        she served as the Vice President of SINOPEC SEG. She served as a Director of SINOPEC
                                        SEG since January 2015. Since December 2020, she has been the Chairwoman of SINOPEC
                                        SEG.

      Mr. XIANG Wenwu (向文武) – Vice Chairman of the Board
      Mr. XIANG Wenwu (向文武), is the Vice Chairman of the Board and a Director of SINOPEC
      SEG, and executive director of Sinopec Group Fourth Construction Company. Mr. XIANG is a
      principal senior economist and holds a Ph.D. diploma. Mr. XIANG served as deputy manager
      of Sinopec Group Second Construction Company (中國石化集團第二建設公司) (“Sinopec
      Group SCC”) from June 1999 to March 2004, the manager of Sinopec Group SCC from
      March 2004 to December 2008, the general manager of Sinopec Group SCC from December
      2008 to July 2010, a director and the general manager of Sinopec Group Nanjing Engineering
      Co., Ltd. (中國石化集團南京工程有限公司) from December 2009 to April 2012, an executive
      director and the general manager of Sinopec Nanjing Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化南京工程
      有限公司) from April 2012 to November 2014, and the vice president of the Company from
      August 2012 to January 2017. Mr. XIANG has been the President of SINOPEC SEG from
      January 2017 to December 2020, a Director of SINOPEC SEG since February 2017. He has
      been the Vice Chairman of the Board of SINOPEC SEG and an executive Director of Sinopec
      Group Fourth Construction Company since December 2020.
                                                               SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                115




Mr. WANG Zizong (王子宗) – Director
                                  Mr. WANG Zizong (王子宗), is a Director of SINOPEC SEG, and also serves as deputy
                                  chief engineer of Sinopec Group, general manager of information and digital management
                                  department of Sinopec Group, general manager of information and digital management
                                  department of Sinopec Corp., and chairman of Petro-CyberWorks Information Technology
                                  Co., Ltd. Mr. WANG is a principal senior engineer with a Ph. D degree. Mr. Wang served as
                                  deputy manager of Beijing Petrochemical Engineering Company from October 1998 to July
                                  1999. From July 1999 to May 2001, he undertook different roles at Sinopec Engineering
                                  Incorporation (中國石化工程建設有限公司). From May 2001 to April 2012, he was the vice
                                  president and chief engineer of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. From April 2012 to July
                                  2013, he was the vice president and chief engineer of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation.
                                  Since July 2013, he has been the deputy chief engineer of Sinopec Group. From March 2019
                                  to December 2019, he was the director of information management department of Sinopec
                                  Group. Since March 2019, he has been the Chairman of Petro-CyberWorks Information
                                  Technology Co., Ltd. Since December 2019, he has been the general manager of information
                                  and digital management department of Sinopec Group and general manager of information
                                  and digital management department of Sinopec Corp., and he has been a Director of
                                  SINOPEC SEG since October 2021.

Mr. LI Chengfeng (李成峰) – Director
Mr. LI Chengfeng (李成峰) is a Director of SINOPEC SEG, and also serves as deputy chief
engineer of Sinopec Corp., general manager of chemical business department of Sinopec
Corp., chairman of AGCC (阿穆爾天然氣化工) project joint venture and executive director of
Sinopec Asset Management Co., Ltd.. Mr. LI is a senior engineer with a master degree. From
December 2004 to September 2005, Mr. Li served as vice president of BASF-YPC Company
Limited (BASF-YPC). From September 2005 to March 2008, he served as a director of
Sinopec Yangzi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. From September 2005 to October 2006, he served
as the vice president of Sinopec Yangzi Petrochemical Corporation. From October 2006 to
June 2007, he served as the general manager of Sinopec Yangzi Petrochemical Corporation.
From June 2007 to March 2008, he served as the general manager of Sinopec Yangzi
Petrochemical Co., Ltd. From October 2006 to March 2008, he served as the chairman
of BASF-YPC Company Limited (BASF-YPC). From March 2008 to December 2008, he
served as the manager of chemical sales branch of Sinopec Corp. (中國股份有限公司). From
December 2008 to March 2012, he served as the general manager of chemical sales branch
of Sinopec Corp. From January 2009 to November 2014, he served as the executive director
of Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Co., Ltd. From April 2009 to November 2014, he served as the general manager of
Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Co., Ltd. From July 2010 to November 2014, he served as deputy director of chemical
business department of Sinopec Corp. From October 2014 to November 2014, he served as chairman of Sinopec Chemical
Commercial Holding (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. From November 2014 to December 2016, he served as the director of Sinopec Wuhan
Petrochemical plant, the general manager of Sinopec Wuhan Branch and the chairman of Sino-Korean (Wuhan) Petrochemical
Co., Ltd. From November 2014 to May 2016, he served as the general manager of Sino-Korean (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
From December 2016 to June 2018, he served as the chairman of Sinopec Yangzi Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Yangzi Petrochemical
Co., Ltd. and chairman of BASF-YPC Company Limited (BASF-YPC). From June 2018 to December 2019, he served as the
director of the chemical business department of Sinopec Corp. From September 2018 to October 2022, he has been Vice
chairman of ZTHC Energy Co., Ltd. (中天合創能源有限責任公司). From January 2019 to November 2022, he has been chairman
of Shanghai SECCO Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (上海賽科有限責任公司). Since December 2019, he has served as the general
manager of the chemical business department of Sinopec Corp. and the executive director of Sinopec Asset Management Co.,
Ltd. (中國石化集團資產經營管理有限公司). Since May 2020, he has served as the chairman of AGCC (阿穆爾天然氣化工) project
joint venture. Since December 2020, he has served as the deputy chief engineer of Sinopec Corp. and he has been a Director of
SINOPEC SEG since October 2021.
116   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.    2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      Mr. WU Wenxin (吳文信) – Director
                                       Mr. WU Wenxin (吳文信), is a Director of SINOPEC SEG and also serves as the general
                                       manager of the engineering department of Sinopec Group (中國石化集團有限公司工程部),
                                       the general manager of the engineering department of Sinopec Corp. (中國股份有限公司工
                                       程部), and the director of SINOPEC SABIC Tianjin Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (中沙（天津）石
                                       化有限公司). Mr. WU is a principal senior engineer with a Master degree. From May 2007
                                       to September 2010, he served as the deputy general manager of Fujian Petrochemical
                                       Company Limited (福建化工有限公司). From December 2007 to September 2010, he was the
                                       director of the reﬁning and ethylene integration project of Fujian Reﬁning & Petrochemical Co.,
                                       Ltd. (福建聯合有限公司). From November 2009 to September 2010, he served as a director of
                                       Fujian Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (福建化工有限公司). From July 2010 to March 2018, he served
                                       as a deputy director of the engineering department of Sinopec Corp. From September 2013 to
                                       March 2018, he was a deputy director of the engineering department of Sinopec Group. From
                                       October 2017 to October 2018, he was an executive director and general manager of Sinopec
                                       Engineering Quality Supervision Co., Ltd. (中石化工程質量監測有限公司). From March 2018
                                       to December 2019, he served as the director of the engineering department of Sinopec Group
                                       (中國石化集團工程部) and the director of the engineering department of Sinopec Corp. (中國
                                       股份有限公司工程部). Since June 2018, he served as a director of SINOPEC SABIC Tianjin
                                       Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (中沙（天津）石化有限公司). He has been a Director of SINOPEC
                                       SEG since October 2018, and has been the general manager of the engineering department
                                       of Sinopec Group (中國石化集團工程部) and the general manager of the engineering
                                       department of Sinopec Corp. (中國股份有限公司工程部) since December 2019.

      Mr. JIANG Dejun (蔣德軍) – Director and President
      Mr. JIANG Dejun (蔣德軍), is an executive Director and President of SINOPEC SEG. Mr.
      JIANG is a principal senior engineer with a Ph. D degree. From November 2001 to September
      2003, he was the deputy head of Lanzhou Design Institute of Sinopec Group (中國石化集
      團蘭州設計院). From September 2003 to June 2007, he was the director and vice president
      of Sinopec Ningbo Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化寧波工程有限公司). From June 2007 to
      December 2008, he was the deputy manager of SINOPEC Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化集團
      煉化工程有限公司). From December 2008 to September 2012, he was the Vice President of
      SINOPEC SEG and deputy Director of Engineering Enterprise Management Department of
      Sinopec Group. From September 2012 to October 2019, he was the vice president of Sinopec
      Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. (中石化第五建設有限公司). He was an employee representative
      Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG from January 2015 to December 2020, and was the general
      manager of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation from October 2019 to December 2020. Since
      December 2020, he has been the President of SINOPEC SEG. Since February 2021, he has
      been a Director of SINOPEC SEG.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   117




Mr. HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen (許照中) – Independent Director
                                   Mr. HUI Chiu Chung (許照中), J.P., is an independent Director of SINOPEC SEG. Mr. HUI
                                   is currently the chairman and chief executive officer of Luk Fook Financial Services Limited.
                                   He also serves as an independent non-executive director of Zhuhai Holdings Investment
                                   Group Limited (Stock Code: 908), Gemdale Properties and Investment Corporation Limited
                                   (Stock Code: 535), Lifestyle International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1212), China South
                                   City Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1668), Agile Group Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 3383)
                                   and FSE Engineering Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 331) and a non-executive director of
                                   Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (Stock Code: 590), whose shares are listed on
                                   the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. HUI was appointed as the independent non-executive
                                   director of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (Stock Code: 388) by the Hong Kong
                                   SAR Government since April 2009, at which his term expires in April 2015. Mr. HUI has
                                   over 47 years of experience in the securities and investment industry. He was the managing
                                   director of UOB Kay Hian (Asia) Limited (大華繼顯（亞洲）有限公司) from 2002 to 2005;
                                   group managing director of OSK Asia Holdings Limited (僑豐金融集團有限公司) (“OSK”) from
                                   August 2005 to March 2007; chief executive officer of OSK from April 2007 to March 2011;
                                   and the vice chairman of OSK Asia Holdings Hong Kong Limited (僑豐金融集團（香港）限公
                                   司) from April 2011 to September 2011. He served for years as a council member and vice
                                   chairman of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a member of the Advisory Committee and
                                   the Committee on Real Estate Investment Trusts of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures
                                   Commission, a director of the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited, a member
                                   of the Listing Committee of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, an appointed
                                   member of the Securities and Futures Appeal Tribunal, a member of the Standing Committee
                                   on Company Law Reform, and an appointed member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certiﬁed
                                   Public Accountants Investigation Panel. Mr. HUI became a senior fellow member of the Hong
                                   Kong Securities and Investment Institute and fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute
                                   of Directors in 2011 and 2002, respectively. Mr. HUI has been an independent Director of
                                   SINOPEC SEG since April 2013.

Mr. JIN Yong (金涌) – Independent Director
Mr. JIN Yong (金涌), is an independent Director of SINOPEC SEG. Mr JIN currently is a
member of Chinese Academy of Engineering, the dean of the Chemical Engineering Science
and Technology Research Institute of Tsinghua University (清華大學化工科學與技術研究院),
a professor of the Chemical Engineering department of Tsinghua University, an executive
officer of China Society of Particuology (中國顆粒學會) and an executive officer of Chemical
Industry and Engineering Society of China (中國化工學會). Mr. JIN worked as an assistant
teacher in Electrical Engineering Research Office in the University of Science and Technology
of China (“USTC”) (中國科學技術大學電工程教研室) from October 1959 to February 1960. He
also served as a teacher engaging in advanced studies in the Chemical Research Office in
Tianjin University (天津大學化工教研室) from February 1960 to February 1961, and worked
as a teacher in the Chemistry Department in USTC from February 1961 to May 1973. Since
1973, Mr. JIN has been a lecturer, associate professor, professor and tutor of doctoral
candidates at the Chemical Engineering Department of Tsinghua University. Mr. Jin has been
an independent Director of SINOPEC SEG since April 2013.
118   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.             2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      Mr. YE Zheng (葉政) – Independent Director
                                                Mr. YE Zheng (葉政), is an independent Director of SINOPEC SEG. Mr. YE is a director of
                                                Ace Sustainability & Risk Advisors Limited, and an independent non-executive director of
                                                Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (海南美蘭國際空港股份有限公司) (Stock
                                                Code: 357) whose shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                Limited. He worked in Shanghai Municipal Finance Bureau (上海市財政局) from October
                                                1982 to January 1989. Mr. YE has over 25 years of experience in audit, internal control and
                                                consultancy. He served as an auditor in Ernst & Young (安永會計師事務所) from October
                                                1995 to April 2000; an audit manager in KPMG (畢馬威會計師事務所) from May 2000 to
                                                December 2001; a senior audit manager in Grant Thornton (香港均富會計師事務所) from
                                                January 2002 to July 2005; a director in Ernst &Young from August 2005 to October 2006,
                                                and a practicing director of Mazars CPA Limited from November 2006 to April 2021. Mr. YE
                                                obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting and ﬁnance in May 1993, and a master’s degree
                                                in business administration in December 1994, both from California State University, Long
                                                Beach. Mr. YE became a member of the American Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants
                                                in September 1998 and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants
                                                in May 2003. He has been a director of Ace Sustainability & Risk Advisors Limited since April
                                                2021, an independent Director of SINOPEC SEG since April 2013, and an independent non-
                                                executive director of Hainan Meilan International Airport Company Limited (海南美蘭國際空
                                                港股份有限公司) (Stock Code: 357) since October 2021. Mr. YE was a consulting expert for
                                                the third session of the committee for enterprise internal control standards appointed by the
                                                Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China from 1 November 2014 to 31 October
                                                2016.


      Profile of the Directors of the Fourth Session of the Board as at the date of this annual report
          Name                        Gender                Age          Position in the Company                 Term of Office as Director

          SUN Lili                     Female                61          Chairwoman of the Board                 October 2021 – October 2024

          XIANG Wenwu                   Male                 56          Vice Chairman of the Board              October 2021 – October 2024

          WANG Zizong                   Male                 57          Director                                October 2021 – October 2024

          LI Chengfeng                  Male                 58          Director                                October 2021 – October 2024

          WU Wenxin                     Male                 59          Director                                October 2021 – October 2024

          JIANG Dejun                   Male                 57          Director and President                  October 2021 – October 2024

          HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen       Male                 75          Independent Director                    October 2021 – October 2024

          JIN Yong                      Male                 87          Independent Director                    October 2021 – May 2023*

          YE Zheng                      Male                 58          Independent Director                    October 2021 – October 2024

      *        The Board was recently notiﬁed by Mr. JIN Yong’s resignation as Independent Director of the Company, which shall take effect upon the
               election of a new independent director at the annual general meeting of the Company for the year 2022 proposed to be held on 12 May 2023.
               For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 March 2023.
                                                               SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.    2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                119




(2) Supervisors
Mr. ZHU Fei (朱斐) – Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, Chairman of the Trade Union
                                  Mr. ZHU Fei (朱斐), is the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and the Chairman of the
                                  Trade Union of SINOPEC SEG. Mr. ZHU is a senior engineer with a university diploma. From
                                  October 1998 to July 1999, he was the deputy head of Beijing Design Institute (北京設計
                                  院). From July 1999 to December 2002, he undertook different roles at Sinopec Engineering
                                  Incorporation (中國石化工程建設公司). From December 2002 to April 2012, he worked as
                                  the vice president of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. From April 2012 to October 2014,
                                  he was the vice president of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation. From November 2014 to
                                  April 2017, he was the vice president of Sinopec Fourth Construction Co., Ltd. (中石化第四
                                  建設有限公司). He has been an employee representative Supervisor of the SINOPEC SEG
                                  since January 2015, has been the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of SINOPEC SEG
                                  since May 2017, and has been the Chairman of the Trade Union of SINOPEC SEG since
                                  November 2019.




Mr. ZHANG Xinming (張新明) – Supervisor
Mr. ZHANG Xinming (張新明), is a Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG, as well as the chairman of
Sinopec Shanghai Engineering Co., Ltd. (中國石化上海工程有限公司). Mr. ZHANG Xinming
is a principal senior engineer with a master’s degree in business administration. Mr. Zhang
served as the deputy general manager of Sinopec Luoyang Engineering Co., Ltd. and the
deputy general manager of Sinopec Guangzhou Engineering Co., Ltd. from August 2013
to March 2015, the deputy director of the development planning department of Sinopec
Group from March 2015 to December 2019, the deputy general manager of the development
planning department of Sinopec Group from December 2019 to April 2021. Since September
2020, he has been the chairman of Sinopec Shanghai Engineering Co., Ltd. Since May 2021,
he has been a Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG.




Mr. ZHOU Yingguan (周贏冠) – Supervisor
                                  Mr. ZHOU Yingguan (周贏冠), is a Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG, as well as an executive
                                  director of Sinopec Nanjing Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化南京工程有限公司). Mr. ZHOU is
                                  a principal senior economist with a university diploma. From March 2004 to July 2010, Mr.
                                  ZHOU served as the vice president of the Sinopec Group Second Construction Company (中
                                  國石化集團第二建設公司). From July 2010 to April 2012, he served as the vice president of
                                  Sinopec Group Nanjing Engineering Co., Ltd. (中國石化集團南京工程有限公司). From April
                                  2012 to April 2017, he has been the vice president of Sinopec Nanjing Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                  (中石化南京工程有限公司). He was the Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG from January 2015 to
                                  October 2018. He was an executive director and president of Sinopec Fourth Construction
                                  Co., Ltd. from April 2017 to December 2020. He has been a Director of SINOPEC SEG from
                                  October 2018 to December 2020. Since December 2020, he has been an executive director
                                  of Sinopec Nanjing Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化南京工程有限公司). Since February 2021,
                                  he has been a Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG.
120   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      Mr. ZHOU Chengping (周成平) – Supervisor
                                       Mr. ZHOU Chengping (周成平), is a Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG, as well as an executive
                                       director of Sinopec Luoyang Engineering Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Guangzhou Engineering Co.,
                                       Ltd., and a director of Hainan Refinery Chemical Co., Ltd. Mr. ZHOU is a principal senior
                                       engineer with a master degree. Mr. ZHOU served as deputy manager of Luoyang Engineering
                                       Company of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation (中國石化集團工程建設公司) from November
                                       2001 to May 2003. From May 2003 to December 2008, he served as deputy manager of
                                       Luoyang Engineering Company of Sinopec Group, vice president of Luoyang Engineering
                                       Company of Sinopec Group from December 2008 to April 2012. From April 2012 to October
                                       2014, he served as vice president of Sinopec Luoyang Engineering Co., Ltd. and Sinopec
                                       Guangzhou Engineering Co., Ltd., general manager of Sinopec Luoyang Engineering Co.,
                                       Ltd. and Sinopec Guangzhou Engineering Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to May 2020. He was
                                       the executive director of Sinopec Luoyang Engineering Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Guangzhou
                                       Engineering Co., Ltd. since October 2014. Since October 2021, he has been a supervisor of
                                       SINOPEC SEG. Since December 2021, he has been a director of Hainan Reﬁnery Chemical
                                       Co., Ltd.

      Mr. XU Yijun (許一君) – Employee Representative Supervisor
      Mr. XU Yijun (許一君), is an employee representative Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG, who is
      also an executive director of Sinopec Ningbo Engineering Co., Ltd. (中石化寧波工程有限公司).
      Mr. XU is a principal senior economist with a Ph. D degree. From April 2001 to September
      2003, he was the deputy manager of the Third Construction Company of Sinopec Group (中
      國石化集團第三建設公司). From September 2003 to April 2012, he was the vice president of
      Sinopec Group Ningbo Engineering Co., Ltd (中國石化集團寧波工程有限公司). He was the
      vice president of Sinopec Ningbo Engineering Co., Ltd. from April 2012 to November 2017.
      He has been an employee representative Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG since January 2015.
      He has been an executive director of Sinopec Ningbo Engineering Co. Ltd. since November
      2017.




      Mr. YI Hao (衣浩) – Employee Representative Supervisor
                                       Mr. YI Hao (衣浩), is an employee representative Supervisor of the Company, as well as an
                                       executive director of Sinopec Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. (中石化第五建設有限公司). Mr. YI is
                                       a principal senior economist with a university diploma. Mr. Yi served as the vice president of
                                       Fifth Construction Company of Sinopec Group from July 2000 to April 2012. From April 2012
                                       to April 2015, he served as the vice president of Sinopec Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. (中石化
                                       第五建設有限公司). From April 2015 to April 2017, he served as the chairman and supervisor
                                       of the trade union of Sinopec Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. From April 2017 to December 2018,
                                       he served as the vice president of Sinopec Fifth Construction Co., Ltd., president of Sinopec
                                       Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. from December 2018 to December 2019. Since December 2019,
                                       he has been the executive director of Sinopec Fifth Construction Co., Ltd. Since October
                                       2021, he has been an employee representative Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG.
                                                                         SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                              121




Mr. WANG Yi (王毅) – Employee Representative Supervisor
                                         Mr. WANG Yi (王毅), is an employee representative Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG and
                                         also serves as an executive director of Sinopec Tenth Construction Company Limited (中
                                         石化第十建設有限公司). Mr. WANG is a principal senior engineer with a master degree.
                                         From November 2014 to July 2019, Mr. WANG was the vice president of Sinopec Tenth
                                         Construction Company Limited; from July 2019 to August 2020, he served as the Vice
                                         President of SINOPEC SEG; from August 2020 to December 2022, he was the president
                                         of Sinopec Tenth Construction Company Limited; since December 2022, he has been
                                         the executive director of Sinopec Tenth Construction Company Limited; he has been an
                                         employee representative Supervisor of SINOPEC SEG since January 2023.




Profile of the Supervisors of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee as at the date of
this annual report
    Name                        Gender               Age          Position in the Company                 Term of Office as Supervisor

                                                                  Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
    ZHU Fei                      Male                 58                                                  October 2021 – October 2024
                                                                  and Chairman of the Trade Union

    ZHANG Xinming                Male                 56          Supervisor                              October 2021 – October 2024

    ZHOU Yingguan                Male                 54          Supervisor                              October 2021 – October 2024

    ZHOU Chengping               Male                 60          Supervisor                              October 2021 – March 2023*

    XU Yijun                     Male                 59          Employee Representative Supervisor      October 2021 – October 2024

    YI Hao                       Male                 54          Employee Representative Supervisor      October 2021 – October 2024

    WANG Yi                      Male                 52          Employee Representative Supervisor      January 2023 – October 2024

*        Mr. Zhou Chengping tendered his resignation as a non-representative of the employees supervisor of the Company in March 2023.
122   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      (3) Other Senior Management
      Please refer to the subsection headed “Directors” in this section for biographical details of Mr. JIANG Dejun.

                                          Mr. WANG Guohua (王國華) – Vice President
                                          Mr. WANG Guohua (王國華), is the Vice President of SINOPEC SEG and the president of
                                          Sinopec Heavy Lifting & Transportation Co., Ltd. (中石化重型起重運輸工程有限公司). Mr.
                                          WANG is a principal senior economist with a bachelor degree. Mr. WANG served as the
                                          deputy manager of Sinopec Fourth Construction Company (中石化第四建設公司) (the “FCC”)
                                          from July 2003 to December 2008, the deputy general manager of FCC from December 2008
                                          to April 2012, the deputy general manager of Sinopec Fourth Construction Co., Ltd (中石化第
                                          四建設有限公司) (the “SFCC”) from April 2012 to October 2014, an executive director and the
                                          president of the SFCC from October 2014 to April 2017, and the vice president of the SFCC
                                          from April 2017 to March 2019. Mr. WANG has been the president of Sinopec Heavy Lifting &
                                          Transportation Co., Ltd. (中石化重型起重運輸工程有限公司) since March 2019, and has been
                                          a Vice President of SINOPEC SEG since April 2019.




      Mr. JIA Yiqun (賈益群) – Chief Financial Officer, Secretary to the Board and Company Secretary
      Mr. JIA Yiqun (賈益群), is the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary to the Board of SINOPEC
      SEG, and the chief accountant of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation (中國石化工程建設有
      限公司). Mr. JIA is a senior engineer with a master degree. From July 1990 to April 2003,
      Mr. JIA has held positions in Sinopec Research Institute of Petroleum Engineering (中國石化
      科學研究院), China Petrochemical International Company (中國石化國際事業公司), foreign
      affairs bureau of Sinopec Group (中國石化集團外事局). Mr. JIA served as deputy chief
      representative of the Hong Kong representative office of Sinopec Corp. from April 2003 to
      June 2012, has been the Chief Financial Officer of SINOPEC SEG since August 2012 and
      the Company Secretary of SINOPEC SEG since July 2019. He has been the chief accountant
      of Sinopec Engineering Incorporation since April 2021. He has been the Secretary to the
      Board of SINOPEC SEG since October 2021. Mr. JIA obtained the qualiﬁcations of Chartered
      Financial Analyst issued by CFA Institute in September 2006.




                                          Mr. FENG Di (馮迪) – Vice President
                                          Mr. FENG Di (馮迪), is the vice president of SINOPEC SEG. Mr. FENG is a senior engineer
                                          with a master degree. From September 1990 to December 2022, Mr. FENG has consecutively
                                          held several positions in Sinopec Luoyang Petrochemical Engineering Company and
                                          SINOPEC SEG. Mr. FENG has served as a vice president of SINOPEC SEG since January
                                          2023.
                                                               SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 123




Mr. SUN Baoping (孫寶平) – Vice President
                                  Mr. SUN Baoping (孫寶平), is the vice president of SINOPEC SEG. Mr. SUN a principal
                                  senior economist with a master degree. Mr. SUN has consecutively held several positions in
                                  Beijing Petrochemical Engineering Company and SINOPEC Engineering Incorporation (中國
                                  石化工程建設有限公司) from August 1997 to December 2022. Mr. SUN has served as a vice
                                  president of SINOPEC SEG since January 2023.




Profile of other members of the Senior Management as at the date of this annual report
 Name                            Gender           Age        Position in the Company        Date of Taking Office

 JIANG Dejun                      Male             57        President                      December 2020

 WANG Guohua                      Male             53        Vice President                 March 2019

                                                             Chief Financial Officer        August 2012
 JIA Yiqun                        Male             55        Secretary to the Board         October 2021
                                                             Company Secretary              30 July 2019

 FENG Di                          Male             54        Vice President                 January 2023

 SUN Baoping                      Male             48        Vice President                 January 2023




2 Relationship among Directors, Supervisors and Other
Members of the Senior Management
There is no ﬁnancial, business, family or other material relationship between Directors, Supervisors and other members of the
Senior Management except for the working relationship.
124   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3 Positions Held by the Directors and Supervisors in
      Shareholders and Their Competition Interests during the
      Reporting Period
      During the Reporting Period and as at the date of this annual report, (i) Mr. WANG Zizong served as deputy chief engineer of
      Sinopec Group, general manager of information and digital management department of Sinopec Group, general manager of
      information and digital management department of Sinopec Corp., and chairman of Petro-CyberWorks Information Technology
      Co., Ltd.; (ii) Mr. LI Chengfeng served as deputy chief engineer of Sinopec Corp., general manager of chemical business
      department of Sinopec Corp., chairman of Shanghai SECCO Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and AGCC project joint venture, executive
      director of Sinopec Asset Management Co., Ltd., and Vice chairman of ZTHC Energy Co., Ltd.; (iii) Mr. WU Wenxin served as
      the general manager of the engineering department of Sinopec Group, the general manager of the engineering department of
      Sinopec Corp, and the director of SINOPEC SABIC Tianjin Petrochemical Co., Ltd.; and (iv) Mr. ZHOU Chengping served as
      a director of Sinopec Hainan Reﬁning Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Save for the above, to the knowledge of the Board, none of the
      Directors and Supervisors is a director or employee of a company which has an interest in the shares or underlying shares of the
      Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities
      and Futures Ordinance, or owns interest in any other business which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with
      the business of the Group.



      4 Contract Benefits of Directors and Supervisors
      As at 31 December 2022 or any time during the Reporting Period, there is no any transaction, arrangement or contract of
      significance to which the Company, a parent company of the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or a subsidiary of the
      Company’s parent company is a party, and in which the Directors or Supervisors or any entity connected with any of the Directors
      or Supervisors is or was materially interested, either directly or indirectly.

      All Directors have entered into service agreements with the Company. Such service agreements are effective from the date
      of approval by the shareholders to the expiry of the term of the Fourth Session of the Board. The service agreements can
      be renewed in accordance with the Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations. There is no service contract
      signed between the Directors and the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
      compensation (other than statutory compensation).

      All Supervisors have entered into agreements with the Company concerning the compliance with relevant laws and regulations,
      the Articles of Association and arbitration regulations. The term of office for Supervisors starts from the date of their respective
      appointment to the expiry of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee. The service agreements can be renewed in
      accordance with the Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations. There is no service contract signed between the
      Supervisors and the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other
      than statutory compensation).



      5 Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and other Senior
      Management Members
      During the Reporting Period, the total number of Directors, Supervisors and other Senior Management members paid by
      the Company was 19, and the annual total remuneration paid was RMB1,875. For details of the remuneration of Directors,
      Supervisors and the ﬁve highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2022, please see notes 15 and 42(b) to the
      ﬁnancial statements in this annual report.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                    125




6 Employees
As at 31 December 2022, there were a total of 16,641 employees in the Group.

The following table lists the information of employees classiﬁed by business as at 31 December 2022.
                                                   As at 31 December 2022
                  Production Personnel

                      13.68%
               Number of Employees 2,277




                                                                                     Engineering and Technical Personnel
                 Management Personnel                                                           74.34%
                      11.98%                                                            Number of Employees 12,370
               Number of Employees 1,994



                                                   Total 16,641 (100%)


The following table lists the information of employees classiﬁed based on education background as at 31 December 2022.
                          Others
                                                 As at 31 December 2022                        Master Degree
                      18.01%
                                                                                                19.10%
               Number of Employees 2,997
                                                                                        Number of Employees 3,179




                   Tertiary Qualification
                                                                                              Bachelor Degree
                      16.18%                                                                    46.71%
               Number of Employees 2,692
                                                                                        Number of Employees 7,773


                                                   Total 16,641 (100%)
126   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      7 Gender Diversity of Employees
      The table below sets forth the gender ratio of all employees (including senior management) of the Group as of 31 December
      2022.



                                                                                                    As of 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                          total number
                                                                                                                         of employees
                                                                                          Number of employees                      (%)

       Female                                                                                            4,503                   27.1%

       Male                                                                                             12,138                   72.9%

       Total                                                                                            16,641                 100.0%


      The table below sets forth the gender ratio of senior management of the Group as of 31 December 2022.

                                                                                                    As of 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                           total number
                                                                                                     Number of   of senior management
                                                                                            senior management                       (%)

       Female senior management                                                                             1                     5.3%

       Male senior management                                                                              18                    94.7%

       Total                                                                                               19                  100.0%


      The Group adheres to the employment principle of “equal treatment and mutual respect”, provides equal development
      opportunities for employees of different genders, and is committed to creating a working environment where employees of
      different genders cooperate and respect each other. The Group is committed to improving the gender diversity of employees, but
      due to the unique nature the engineering and construction industry in which the Group operates, it is more challenging to achieve
      gender diversity for all employees.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                  127




8 Employee Remuneration
During the Reporting Period, we maintained good labour relationship. The remuneration of our employees mainly consists
of salary, discretionary bonuses and contributions to the compulsory social security funds. In accordance with the laws and
regulations of the PRC, the Group participates in different retirement pension related programmes for our employees, including
the programmes organised by the provincial and municipal governments of the PRC and other complementary retirement pension
related plans. Bonuses are usually determined in accordance with the overall performance of the Group’s business. For the years
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the employment costs of the Group were approximately RMB6.591 billion and
RMB6.797 billion, respectively.



9 Employee Training Programmes
During the Reporting Period, 22 key special trainings was organised by the Group. Throughout the year, a total of 37.8 thousand
attendees attended the trainings inside and outside the Group, of which there were 3.9 thousand attendees who were operation
management staff, 30.1 thousand attendees who were engineering and technical staff, and 3.8 thousand attendees who were
operational staff.
128   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                             129
130   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.

      (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司)

      (Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of SINOPEC Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
      subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 134 to 212, which comprise the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position
      as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
      statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
      consolidated ﬁnancial statements, including a summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies.

      In our opinion, the consolidated ﬁnancial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated ﬁnancial position of the Group
      as at 31 December 2022, and its consolidated ﬁnancial performance and its consolidated cash ﬂows for the year then ended in
      accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
      disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section
      of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants’ “Code of
      Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
      Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit of the consolidated
      ﬁnancial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial
      statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

      Revenue recognition of construction contracts                     Our responses:
      (Refer to notes 3.23, 5(a) and 6 to the consolidated ﬁnancial     Our procedures in relation to the revenue recognition of
      statements)                                                       construction contracts included:
      The Group recognised revenue of RMB53,028,139,000 for             –     assessing and testing the related internal control of the
      the year ended 31 December 2022.                                        management’s accounting estimates and judgment of
                                                                              construction contracts;
      Revenue from construction contracts is recognised over
      the period of the contract by reference to the progress           –     obtaining material construction contracts to review key
      towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation,           contract terms and verify the total contract revenues;
      depending on the nature of the contract, is measured by
      reference to the proportion of contract costs incurred for work   –     checking, on a sample basis, the principal terms set out in
      performed to date to estimated total contract costs for each            the relevant construction contracts and the implementation
      contract. Management estimates the total contract revenue               status and testing on the accuracy of the calculation
      and total contract costs at the inception of each contract. As          of percentage of completion and revenue and costs
      the contract progresses, management regularly reviews and               recognised during the year;
      revises the estimates of contract revenue and contract costs      –     testing, on a sample basis, the amount and timing of the
      if circumstances change, such as variations in contract work,           construction contract cost recognised and performing
      claims and incentive payments. The increases or decreases               cut-off testing procedures to check that cost had been
      in estimated total contract revenue or total contract costs             recognised in the appropriate account period; and
      resulted in the adjustments to the extent of progress toward
      completion and revenue recognised in the period in which          –     performing analytical review procedures on the gross
      the circumstances that give rise to the revision becomes                margins of material construction contracts of the Group.
      known by management.
      These transactions require individual consideration and
      involve management’s estimates and judgment. We have
      identified the revenue recognition related to construction
      contracts as a key audit matter.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       131




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Provision for expected credit losses (“ECL”) of trade            Our responses:
receivables and contract assets
(Refer to notes 3.9(c), 21 and 23(a) to the consolidated         Our procedures in relation to management’s ECL assessment on
ﬁnancial statements)                                             trade receivables and contract assets included:
ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are based on       –      reviewing and assessing the application of the Group’s
management’s estimate of the lifetime ECL to be incurred,               policy for calculating the ECL;
which is estimated by taking into account the credit loss
experience, ageing of overdue trade receivables, customers’      –      evaluating techniques and methodology in the ECL model
repayment history and customers’ financial position and                 against the requirements of IFRS 9;
an assessment of both the current and forecast general           –      assessing the reasonableness of management’s loss
economic conditions, all of which involve a signiﬁcant degree           allowance estimates by examining the information used by
of management judgment.                                                 management to form such judgments, including testing the
We have identified ECL assessment of trade receivables                  accuracy of the historical default data, evaluating whether
and contract assets as a key audit matter because                       the expected credit loss rates are appropriately adjusted
their assessment is a subjective area as it requires the                based on current economic conditions and forward-looking
management’s judgment and uses of estimates.                            information and examining the actual losses recorded
                                                                        during the current financial year and assessing whether
                                                                        there was an indication of management bias when
                                                                        recognising loss allowances;
                                                                 –      evaluating the design, implementation and operating
                                                                        effectiveness of key internal controls which govern credit
                                                                        control, debt collection and estimation of ECL; and
                                                                 –      discussing with management the estimates of the
                                                                        recoverable amounts for those material trade receivables
                                                                        balances which are past due over 180 days, including
                                                                        customers’ payment history and current ability to pay, and
                                                                        take into account information speciﬁc to the customer as
                                                                        well as pertaining to the economic environment in which
                                                                        the customer operates.


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information in the annual report of
the Company, but does not include the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee assists the
directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.
132   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements as a whole are free from
      material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue the auditor’s report that includes our opinion. The report is
      made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
      responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will
      always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
      if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the
      basis of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
      the audit. We also:

      •     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, whether due to fraud or
            error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
            appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
            higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
            or the override of internal control.

      •     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
            the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
            disclosures made by the directors.

      •     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
            evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on
            the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
            attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements or, if such disclosures are
            inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
            report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, including the disclosures,
            and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
            achieves fair presentation.

      •     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the ﬁnancial information of the entities or business activities within the
            Group to express an opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
            performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
      signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
      independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
      independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   133




AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most signiﬁcance in the audit of the
consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts of such communication.




BDO Limited

Certiﬁed Public Accountants




Ng Wai Man

Practising Certiﬁcate number P05309




Hong Kong, 17 March 2023
134   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




                                                                                  2022           2021

                                                                   Notes      RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

       Revenue                                                         6    53,028,139     57,759,590

       Cost of sales                                                        (47,415,814)   (51,291,401)

       Gross profit                                                          5,612,325      6,468,189

       Other income                                                    8       314,175        111,613

       Selling and marketing expenses                                         (156,816)      (144,504)

       Administrative expenses                                               (1,273,588)    (1,293,004)

       Research and development costs                                        (2,577,892)    (2,379,149)

       Other operating expenses                                               (110,024)     (1,118,375)

       Other gains – net                                               9          2,633        57,128

       Operating profit                                                      1,810,813      1,701,898

       Finance income                                                 10     1,008,528        954,622

       Finance expenses                                               10        (73,491)       (82,796)

       Finance income – net                                                    935,037        871,826

       Share of (loss)/proﬁt of a joint arrangement                 20(a)           (76)        1,448

       Share of proﬁt of associates                                 20(b)       16,502         17,235
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 135




                                                                                            2022                        2021

                                                           Notes                        RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

Profit before taxation                                       11                         2,762,276                   2,592,407

Income tax expense                                           12                          (480,425)                   (462,432)

Profit for the year                                                                     2,281,851                   2,129,975

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year,
  net of tax

Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
   loss:

Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign
  operations                                                                              59,640                      (13,453)

Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to
   profit or loss:

Losses/(gains) on revaluation of retirement beneﬁt plans
  obligations, net of income tax effect                                                   80,197                      (18,240)

Share of associates’ other comprehensive income                                                 6                           –

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year,
  net of tax                                                                             139,843                      (31,693)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 2,421,694                   2,098,282

Profit attributable to:

Equity holders of the Company                                                           2,281,800                   2,129,589

Non-controlling interests                                                                     51                         386

Profit for the year                                                                     2,281,851                   2,129,975

Total comprehensive income attributable to:

Equity holders of the Company                                                           2,421,643                   2,097,896

Non-controlling interests                                                                     51                         386

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 2,421,694                   2,098,282

                                                                                            RMB                         RMB

Earnings per share for profit attributable to
  equity holders of the Company during the year
  (expressed in RMB per share)

   – Basic and diluted                                       13                              0.52                        0.48
136   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.             2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                   2022         2021

                                                                     Notes     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

       ASSETS

       Non-current assets

       Property, plant and equipment                                    17     4,663,369    4,398,287

       Right-of-use assets                                              18     2,259,678    2,372,201

       Intangible assets                                                19      192,024      203,079

       Investment in a joint arrangement                              20(a)        3,847        3,923

       Investments in associates                                      20(b)     174,423      158,915

       Fair value through other comprehensive income investments        25      250,000            –

       Deferred income tax assets                                       37      769,229      843,162

       Total non-current assets                                                8,312,570    7,979,567

       Current assets

       Inventories                                                      24      757,495      479,931

       Notes and trade receivables                                      21     8,595,313    6,853,516

       Prepayments and other receivables                                22     6,660,674    8,058,422

       Contract assets                                                23(a)    9,745,992   10,273,333

       Loans due from the ultimate holding company                      26    20,500,000   20,500,000

       Restricted cash                                                  27       82,916      109,685

       Time deposits                                                    28     9,053,681    8,357,613

       Cash and cash equivalents                                        29    14,973,098   10,305,176

       Total current assets                                                   70,369,169   64,937,676

       Total assets                                                           78,681,739   72,917,243
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                          137




                                                                                            2022                                  2021

                                                            Notes                       RMB’ 000                              RMB’ 000

 Equity

 Share capital                                                30                        4,428,000                             4,428,000

 Reserves                                                                              25,606,207                         24,690,084

 Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                  30,034,207                         29,118,084

 Non-controlling interests                                                                  5,303                                5,252

 Total equity                                                                          30,039,510                         29,123,336

 LIABILITIES

 Non-current liabilities

 Lease liabilities                                            32                           66,816                               88,241

 Retirement and other supplemental beneﬁt obligations         33                        1,913,763                             2,154,036

 Provision for litigation claims                              34                          184,271                              181,292

 Deferred tax liabilities                                     37                            2,091                                    –

 Total non-current liabilities                                                          2,166,941                             2,423,569

 Current liabilities

 Notes and trade payables                                     35                       19,792,197                         20,390,057

 Other payables                                               36                        3,093,433                             2,886,826

 Loan due to a fellow subsidiary                              38                          141,972                               63,757

 Contract liabilities                                       23(b)                      22,929,193                         17,485,967

 Lease liabilities                                            32                           62,254                               73,489

 Current income tax liabilities                                                           456,239                              470,242

 Total current liabilities                                                             46,475,288                         41,370,338

 Total liabilities                                                                     48,642,229                         43,793,907

 Total equity and liabilities                                                          78,681,739                         72,917,243

 Net current assets                                                                    23,893,881                         23,567,338

 Total assets less current liabilities                                                 32,206,451                         31,546,905


On behalf of the directors




                        SUN Lili                          JIANG Dejun                                     JIA Yiqun
          Chairwoman of the Board                       Director, President                         Chief Financial Officer
138   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                           Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                 Statutory                       Exchange                                         Non-
                                                                   Share         Capital          surplus         Specific      translation      Retained                   controlling
                                                                  capital       reserve           reserve         reserve          reserve       earnings          Total      interests   Total equity

                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                (Note 30)   (Note 31(v))      (Note 31(iv))   (Note 31(vi))   (Note 31(vii))     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

       At 1 January 2022                                        4,428,000    10,098,729         1,506,179         137,354           (67,686)    13,015,508    29,118,084         5,252     29,123,336

       Profit for the year                                             –              –                  –               –                –      2,281,800     2,281,800            51      2,281,851

       Other comprehensive income:

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
          actuarial gain and loss – gross                              –              –                  –               –                –       101,157       101,157              –        101,157

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
          actuarial gain and loss – tax                                –              –                  –               –                –        (20,960)      (20,960)            –        (20,960)

       Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign
          operations                                                   –              –                  –               –          59,640               –       59,640              –         59,640

       Share of associates’ other comprehensive income                 –              –                  –               –                –              6             6             –              6

       Total comprehensive income                                      –              –                  –               –          59,640       2,362,003     2,421,643            51      2,421,694

       Transactions with owners:

       Final dividends for 2021                                        –              –                  –               –                –       (983,016)     (983,016)            –       (983,016)

       Interim dividends for 2022                                      –              –                  –               –                –       (522,504)     (522,504)            –       (522,504)

       Appropriation of speciﬁc reserve                                –              –                  –        266,461                 –       (266,461)            –             –              –

       Utilisation of speciﬁc reserve                                  –              –                  –        (218,398)               –       218,398              –             –              –

       Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                      –              –           126,609                –                –       (126,609)            –             –              –

       Total transactions with owners                                  –              –           126,609           48,063                –     (1,680,192)   (1,505,520)            –     (1,505,520)

       At 31 December 2022                                      4,428,000    10,098,729         1,632,788         185,417            (8,046)    13,697,319    30,034,207         5,303     30,039,510
                                                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                     139




                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                          Statutory                        Exchange                                           Non-
                                                            Share          Capital         surplus          Speciﬁc       translation       Retained                    controlling
                                                            capital       reserve          reserve          reserve          reserve        earnings         Total        interests   Total equity

                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                         (Note 30)    (Note 31(v))    (Note 31(iv))    (Note 31(vi))   (Note 31(vii))

At 1 January 2021                                        4,428,000    10,098,729         1,470,998         175,048          (54,233)      12,132,630    28,251,172          4,866     28,256,038

Profit for the year                                              –              –                –                –                –       2,129,589     2,129,589            386      2,129,975

Other comprehensive income:

Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
   actuarial gain and loss – gross                               –              –                –                –                –         (21,831)      (21,831)              –        (21,831)

Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
   actuarial gain and loss – tax                                 –              –                –                –                –           3,591         3,591               –          3,591

Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign
   operations                                                    –              –                –                –         (13,453)               –       (13,453)              –       (13,453)

Total comprehensive income                                       –              –                –                –         (13,453)       2,111,349     2,097,896            386      2,098,282

Transactions with owners:

Final dividends for 2020                                         –              –                –                –                –        (828,036)     (828,036)              –      (828,036)

Interim dividends for 2021                                       –              –                –                –                –        (402,948)     (402,948)              –      (402,948)

Appropriation of speciﬁc reserve                                 –              –                –         175,570                 –        (175,570)            –               –              –

Utilisation of speciﬁc reserve                                   –              –                –        (213,264)                –        213,264              –               –              –

Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                       –              –           35,181                –                –         (35,181)            –               –              –

Total transactions with owners                                   –              –           35,181          (37,694)               –      (1,228,471)   (1,230,984)              –    (1,230,984)

At 31 December 2021                                      4,428,000    10,098,729         1,506,179         137,354          (67,686)      13,015,508    29,118,084          5,252     29,123,336
140   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                     2022           2021

                                                                       Notes     RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

       Cash flows from operating activities

       Cash generated from operations                                     40    6,725,099      3,191,890

       Income tax paid                                                           (416,099)      (481,999)

       Interest received                                                          500,048        233,337

       Net cash generated from operating activities                             6,809,048      2,943,228

       Cash flows from investing activities

       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                 (708,531)      (650,860)

       Purchase of intangible assets                                               (31,956)       (31,679)

       Interest income on the loans to the ultimate holding
          company                                                                 745,533        753,686

       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                     25,946          7,401

       Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                            –         3,405

       Dividends received from associates                                          10,000          5,600

       Net increase in time deposits                                             (696,068)        (84,178)

       Loans to the ultimate holding company                                   (20,500,000)   (20,500,000)

       Loans repaid by the ultimate holding company                            20,500,000     21,000,000

       Payments for fair value through other comprehensive
         income investments                                                      (250,000)              –

       Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                    (905,076)       503,375

       Cash flows from financing activities                               43

       Drawdown/(repayment) of borrowings from a fellow
         subsidiary                                                                61,892         (95,642)

       Interest paid                                                                (5,872)        (4,208)

       Dividends paid                                                           (1,464,532)    (1,187,602)

       Payments of lease liabilities                                             (119,078)      (101,985)

       Net cash used in financing activities                                    (1,527,590)    (1,389,437)

       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                4,376,382      2,057,166

       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                          10,305,176      8,440,757

       Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash
         equivalents                                                              291,540       (192,747)

       Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                           29   14,973,098     10,305,176
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      141




                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 DECEMBER 2022




1. General Information
1.1 Principal activities
SINOPEC Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd. (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司, the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together,
the “Group”) is principally engaged locally and overseas in (1) engineering, consulting and licensing, (2) EPC Contracting, (3)
construction and (4) equipment manufacturing in respect of oil reﬁning, petrochemical engineering, storage and transportation etc.


1.2 Organisation and reorganisation
The Company was established as a company with limited liability under the name of Sinopec Engineering Co., Ltd (中國石化集
團煉化工程有限公司) in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 24 July 2007 under the Company Law of the PRC. The
address of the Company’s registered office is No. 8 Building, Shenggujiayuan, Shenggu Middle Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing,
PRC.

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) regard China Petrochemical Corporation (中國石油化工集團有限公司, “Sinopec
Group”) as being the ultimate holding company of the Group, which is owned and controlled by the State-owned Assets
Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC.

Pursuant to a reorganisation of engineering, consulting and licensing, EPC Contracting, construction and equipment
manufacturing in respect of oil reﬁning, petrochemical engineering, storage and transportation of Sinopec Group in preparation
for the primary listing (the “Listing”) of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (“the Reorganisation”), Sinopec Group transferred the equity interests of its refining and
engineering entities to the Company and the Company became the holding company of the subsidiaries now comprising the
Group. Subsequent to the above reorganisation transactions which were completed in April 2012, the Company was transformed
into a joint stock company with limited liability and renamed as SINOPEC Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd. (中石化煉化工程（集團）
股份有限公司) on 28 August 2012.

The Company has completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 23 May 2013.

These consolidated ﬁnancial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.

The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 March 2023.



2. Basis of Preparation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with all International Financial Reporting Standards,
International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “IFRSs”) issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).

The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis except for certain ﬁnancial instruments
that are measured at fair values as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the accounting policies of the Group.
The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are signiﬁcant to the
consolidated ﬁnancial statements are disclosed in Note 5.
142   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      3.1 New standards, interpretations and amendments adopted from 1 January 2022
      The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 January 2022:

      •     Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulﬁlling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37);

      •     Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16);

      •     Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 (Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41); and

      •     References to Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3).

      Other than as noted below, the adoption of the new or amended IFRSs had no material impact on how the results and ﬁnancial
      position for the current and prior periods have been prepared and presented. The Group has not early applied any new or
      amended IFRSs that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

      Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37)
      IAS 37 deﬁnes an onerous contract as a contract in which the unavoidable costs (costs that the Group has committed to pursuant
      to the contract) of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic beneﬁts expected to be received under it.

      The amendments to IAS 37.68A clarify, that the costs relating directly to the contract consist of both:

      •     The incremental costs of fulﬁlling that contract- e.g. direct labour and material; and

      •     An allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulﬁlling contracts: e.g. Allocation of depreciation charge on property, plant
            and equipment used in fulﬁlling the contract.

      The Group, prior to the application of the amendments, did not have any onerous contracts and there is no material impact on the
      year-end consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

      Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16)
      The amendment to IAS 16 prohibits an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of PP&E any proceeds received from
      selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use (for example, the proceeds from selling
      samples produced during the testing phase of a manufacturing facility after it is being constructed but before start of commercial
      production). The proceeds from selling such samples, together with the costs of producing them, are now recognised in proﬁt or
      loss.

      These amendments had no impact on the year-end consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Group as there were no sales of such
      items produced by property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented.

      Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 (Amendments to IFRS)
      •     IFRS 1: Subsidiary as a First-time Adopter (FTA)

      •     IFRS 9: Fees in the ‘10 per cent’ Test for Derecognition of Financial liabilities

      •     IAS 41: Taxation in Fair Value Measurements

      References to Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3)
      In May 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 3, which update a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
      Reporting without changing the accounting requirements for business combinations.
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                             143




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.2 New standards, interpretations and amendments not yet effective
There are a number of standards, amendments to standards, and interpretations which have been issued by the IASB that are
effective in future accounting periods that the Group has decided not to adopt early.
The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 January 2023:
•     Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2) ;
•     Deﬁnition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8); and
•     Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12) .
The following amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 January 2024:
•     IFRS 16 Leases (Amendment – Liability in a Sale and Leaseback)
•     IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Classiﬁcation of Liabilities as Current or Non-current)
•     IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants)
The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of other new or amended IFRSs will have no material impact on the
results and the ﬁnancial position of the Group.


3.3 Consolidation
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the
Group is exposed to, or has the rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the entity. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or
convertible are considered when assessing whether the Group controls another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the
date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that the Group ceases control.

Merger accounting for common control combinations
The transfer/acquisition of equity interests in subsidiaries which are regarded as common control combinations are accounted
for in a manner similar to a uniting of interests. Assets and liabilities are transferred at book value, adjusted only to harmonies
accounting policies, and no goodwill arises. Any difference between the consideration given and the aggregate book value of
the assets and liabilities acquired (as of the date of the transaction) is included in equity. The ﬁnancial statements incorporate
the acquired entity’s results as if both entities (acquirer and acquiree) had always been combined. Consequently, the ﬁnancial
statements reﬂect both entities’ full year’s results, even though the business combinations may have occurred part of the way
throughout the year. In addition, the corresponding amounts for the previous year also reflect the combined results of both
entities, even though the transaction did not occur until the current year.

Acquisition method of accounting for non-common control combinations
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations other than common control combinations by
the Group. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability
resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identiﬁable assets
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at
the acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interests in the acquiree
either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the acquiree’s net assets.
In the statement of ﬁnancial position of the Company, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment.
Cost is adjusted to reﬂect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct
attributable costs of investment.
The excess of the consideration transferred the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the acquisition-date
fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identiﬁable net assets
acquired is recorded as goodwill. If this is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of
bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive
income.
Inter-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses on transactions between group companies are eliminated
in preparing the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to
ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
144   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.3 Consolidation (Continued)
      Subsidiaries (Continued)

      Transactions with non-controlling interests
      The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests as transactions with equity holders of the Group. For purchases from
      non-controlling interests, the difference between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of
      net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in
      equity.

      When the Group ceases to have control or signiﬁcant inﬂuence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value,
      with the change in carrying amount recognised in proﬁt or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying value for the purposes of
      subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint arrangement or ﬁnancial asset as the fair value on initial
      recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in
      other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets
      or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
      or transferred directly to retained earnings.

      Joint Arrangement
      A joint arrangement is an arrangement which operates under a contractual arrangement between the Group and other parties,
      where the contractual arrangement establishes the Group and other parties have joint control of the arrangement.

      A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets,
      and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. Assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of a joint operation are
      apportioned between the joint operators in accordance with the agreement.

      A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets
      of the arrangement. The Group recognises its interest in a joint venture using the equity method. The equity method is detailed in
      accounting policies of interests in associates as below. The unrealised gains and losses will be eliminated in accordance with the
      Group’s share of the interests in a joint venture if the Group enters into transactions with the joint venture.

      Associates
      Associates are all entities over which the Group has signiﬁcant inﬂuence but not control, generally accompanying a shareholding
      of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting
      and are initially recognised at cost. The Group’s investment in associates includes goodwill identiﬁed on acquisition, net of any
      accumulated impairment loss (Note 3.8).

      The Group’s shares of its associates’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the profit or loss and its share of
      post acquisition movements in other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and
      other comprehensive income. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amounts of the
      investments. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in that associate (which includes
      any other unsecured receivables that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does
      not recognise further losses, unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
      associate.

      Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interests in the
      associates. Where unrealised losses on assets sales between the Group and its associate are reversed on equity accounting, the
      underlying asset is also tested for impairment from the Group’s prospective. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
      where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

      The Group discontinues the use of equity method from the date when it ceases to have signiﬁcant inﬂuence over an associate. If
      the retained interest in that former associate is a ﬁnancial asset, the retained interest is measured at fair value, which is regarded
      as its fair value on initial recognition as a ﬁnancial asset in accordance with IFRS 9. The difference between (i) the fair value
      of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of a part interest in the associate; and (ii) the carrying amount of the
      investment at the date the equity method was discontinued, is recognised in the proﬁt or loss. In addition, the Group accounts
      for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would
      have been required if the associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously
      recognised in other comprehensive income by the investee would be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss on the disposal of the related
      assets or liabilities, the entity reclassiﬁes the gain or loss from equity to proﬁt or loss (as a reclassiﬁcation adjustment) when the
      equity method is discontinued.
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                          145




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.4 Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-
maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors and certain senior management (including chief financial
officer) (together referred to as the “Senior Management”) that makes strategic decisions.


3.5 Foreign currency translation
Functional currency and presentation currency
Items included in the individual ﬁnancial statements of each of the entities within the Group are measured using the currency of
the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated ﬁnancial statements
are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the Group’s functional currency.

Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
transactions or valuation where items are remeasured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
transactions and from the reporting date retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognised in proﬁt or loss.

Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents and all other foreign exchange gains
and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income within “other gains –
net” and “other operating expenses”.

Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the
date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
are not retranslated (i.e. only translated using the exchange rates at the transaction date).

Group companies
The results and ﬁnancial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-inﬂationary economy) that
have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

(a)     assets and liabilities for each statement of ﬁnancial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
        statement of ﬁnancial position;

(b)     income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated at average
        exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
        the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

(c)     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in the
        exchange translation reserve.


3.6 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment, except for construction-in-progress (“CIP”), are stated at historical cost less accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment loss. Historical cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition
of the items, including the purchase price, import duties, non-refundable purchase taxes and any directly attributable costs of
bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual values over their estimated useful
lives, as follows:

Buildings and other facilities                                                                                           12 – 40 years

Machinery, transportation equipment and other equipment                                                                   4 – 30 years


CIP represents buildings and plant under construction and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment loss. Cost includes costs
of construction of buildings, cost of plant and other direct costs. No depreciation is made on CIP until such time as the relevant
assets are completed and ready for intended use. When the assets concerned are brought into use, the costs are transferred to
the relevant asset categories and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated above.
146   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.6 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
      The estimates of assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the
      end of each reporting period.

      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its
      estimated recoverable amount (Note 3.8).

      Gains or losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds on disposal with the carrying amount and are included
      within “other (losses)/gains – net” in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as separate assets, as appropriate, only when it is
      probable that future economic beneﬁts associated with the item will ﬂow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
      reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the
      consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income during the ﬁnancial period in which they are incurred.


      3.7 Intangible assets
      Computer software
      Acquired computer software are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the speciﬁc software. After
      initial recognition, intangible assets with ﬁnite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
      impairment losses. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives of 5 years, and recorded in “depreciation and
      amortisation” within administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income.

      Patent and proprietary technologies
      Patents and proprietary technologies are initially recorded at cost. After initial recognition, intangible assets with finite useful
      lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. These intangibles assets
      are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 8 to 10 years, and recorded in “depreciation and
      amortisation” within administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income.

      Amortisation methods and useful lives on computer software, patent and proprietary technologies are reviewed and adjusted if
      appropriates, at each reporting period.


      3.8 Impairment of non-financial assets
      Assets that have an indefinite useful life, for example goodwill, are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
      impairment. Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and interest in associate and joint venture that are subject to
      amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
      be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
      amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of
      assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identiﬁable cash ﬂows (cash-generating
      units). Corporate assets are allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
      be identiﬁed, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
      allocation basis can be identiﬁed. Non-ﬁnancial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible
      reversal of the impairment if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable
      amount and only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
      determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised at each reporting date.


      3.9 Financial instruments
      Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statements of ﬁnancial position when the Group becomes a
      party to the contractual provision of the ﬁnancial instrument. Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities are initially measured at fair value.

      A ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial liability (unless it is a trade receivable without a signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component) is initially measured at fair
      value plus, for an item not at fair value through proﬁt or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition
      or issue. Transaction costs of ﬁnancial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other
      comprehensive income. A trade receivable without a signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component is initially measured at the transaction price.
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                            147




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
(a) Classification and measurement of financial assets
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; fair value through other comprehensive
income (“FVTOCI”) – debt investment; FVTOCI – equity investment; or FVTPL.

Financial assets are not reclassiﬁed subsequent to their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its
business model for managing ﬁnancial assets.

A ﬁnancial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

(i)     the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash ﬂows; and

(ii)    the contractual terms of the ﬁnancial asset give rise on speciﬁed dates to cash ﬂows that are solely payments of principal
        and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent
changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

All ﬁnancial assets not classiﬁed as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL. On
initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a ﬁnancial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured
at amortised cost or at FVTOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or signiﬁcantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would
otherwise arise.

Financial assets: Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a ﬁnancial asset is held at a portfolio level
because this best reﬂects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

Transfers of ﬁnancial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for this
purpose, consistent with the Group’s continuing recognition of the assets.

Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are measured
at FVTPL.

Financial assets: Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For the purposes of this assessment, “principal” is deﬁned as the fair value of the ﬁnancial asset on initial recognition. “Interest”
is deﬁned as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding
during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as
a proﬁt margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash ﬂows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual
terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the ﬁnancial asset contains a contractual term that could change the
timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group
considers:

(i)     contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash ﬂows;

(ii)    terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate features;

(iii)   prepayment and extension features; and

(iv)    terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash ﬂows from speciﬁed assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a ﬁnancial asset acquired at a signiﬁcant
discount or premium to its contractual par amount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that substantially
represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also include reasonable
additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature
is insigniﬁcant at initial recognition.
148   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
      (a) Classification and measurement of financial assets (Continued)
      Financial assets: Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

      Financial assets at amortised cost
      Notes and trade receivables, other receivables, loans due from the ultimate holding company, restricted cash, time deposits and
      cash and cash equivalents are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised cost
      is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in the proﬁt
      or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the proﬁt or loss.

      Financial assets at FVTOCI
      They are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated
      in the fair value reserve (non-recycling); and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be
      reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will continue to be held in the fair value reserve (non-
      recycling).

      Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
      dividends is established in accordance with IFRS 9, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
      investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in proﬁt or loss.

      (b) Derecognition of financial assets
      The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it
      transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash ﬂows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of
      ownership of the ﬁnancial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and
      rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the ﬁnancial asset.

      The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised on its consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position, but
      retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In such cases, the transferred assets are
      not derecognised.

      (c) Impairment of financial assets
      The Group recognises loss allowances for ECL on ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost.

      The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group
      applies the simpliﬁed approach to providing for ECL prescribed by IFRS 9, which requires the use of the lifetime expected losses
      provision for all trade receivables. The Group determines the ECL on these items by using a provision matrix, estimated based
      on historical credit losses experience based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current
      conditions and estimates of future economic conditions.

      When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
      estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost
      or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
      informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

      Lifetime ECL are the ECL that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a ﬁnancial instrument.

      12-month ECL are the portion of ECL that results from default events on a ﬁnancial instrument that are possible within the 12
      months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months).

      In all cases, the maximum period considered when estimating ECL is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
      exposed to credit risk.
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                            149




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
(c) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Measurement of ECL

The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. ECL are
a probability-weighted estimation of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the ﬁnancial
assets.

The Group has the following types of assets that are subject to IFRS 9’s new ECL model:

•     notes and trade receivables

•     contract assets

•     cash and cash equivalents

•     restricted cash

•     time deposits

•     loans due from the ultimate holding company

•     other receivables

While cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, time deposits, and loans due from the ultimate holding company are also
subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identiﬁed impairment loss was immaterial.

For trade receivables and contract assets with no signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component, the Group applies the simpliﬁed approach
permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the assets. The provision
matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables and contract assets
with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At every reporting date the historical observed
default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

Impairment on other financial assets measured at amortised cost are measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL,
depending on whether there has been a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a signiﬁcant increase in credit
risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime ECL.

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased signiﬁcantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default
occurring on the ﬁnancial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the ﬁnancial instrument as at
the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost
or effort.

The Group assesses on in particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
increased signiﬁcantly:

•     an actual or expected signiﬁcant deterioration in the ﬁnancial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit rating;

•     signiﬁcant deterioration in external market indication of credit risk, e.g. a signiﬁcant increase in the credit spread, the credit
      default swap prices for the debtor;

•     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, ﬁnancial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a signiﬁcant
      decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

•     an actual or expected signiﬁcant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

•     an actual or expected signiﬁcant adverse change in the regulatory, economic or technological environment of the debtor
      that results in a signiﬁcant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event
occurring after the impairment was recognised, the reversal of the previously recognised impairment loss is recognised in proﬁt or
loss.
150   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
      (c) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
      Credit-impaired financial assets

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses on a forward-looking basis whether ﬁnancial assets carried at amortised cost are
      credit-impaired. A ﬁnancial asset is “credit-impaired” when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
      future cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset have occurred.

      Evidence that a ﬁnancial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

      (i)     signiﬁcant ﬁnancial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

      (ii)    a breach of contract such as a default or past due event;

      (iii)   the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;

      (iv)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other ﬁnancial reorganisation; or

      (v)     the disappearance of an active market for a security because of ﬁnancial difficulties.

      The Group recognises an impairment loss in proﬁt or loss for all ﬁnancial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
      exception of trade and other receivables and contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
      allowance account.

      Write-off

      The gross carrying amount of a ﬁnancial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect
      of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that
      could generate sufficient cash ﬂows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, ﬁnancial assets that are written off
      could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due, taking
      into account legal advice where appropriate.

      A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in proﬁt or loss.

      (d) Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
      The Group’s financial liabilities include notes and trade payables, other payables, loan due to a fellow subsidiary and lease
      liabilities. Financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are classiﬁed as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A ﬁnancial liability
      is classiﬁed as at FVTPL if it is classiﬁed as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised
      in the proﬁt or loss. Other ﬁnancial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
      effective interest method, in the case of loans and borrowings, net of directly attributable transaction costs. Interest expense and
      foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the proﬁt or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in the
      proﬁt or loss. Accounting policies of lease liabilities are set out in note 3.27.

      (e) Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises a ﬁnancial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or expire.

      The Group also derecognises a ﬁnancial liability when its terms are modiﬁed and the cash ﬂows of the modiﬁed liability are substantially
      different. In this case, a new ﬁnancial liability based on the modiﬁed terms is recognised at fair value. The difference between the
      carrying amount of the ﬁnancial liability extinguished and the new ﬁnancial liability with modiﬁed terms is recognised in the proﬁt or loss.

      (f) Offsetting
      Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position
      when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them
      on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

      Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted under IFRS, or for gains and losses arising from a group
      of similar transactions.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        151




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.10 Derivative financial instruments
Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value at the end of each reporting period with gain or loss on
remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss, except where the derivatives qualify for hedged accounting
under IFRS 9.


3.11 Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Inventories are expensed to relevant operating expenses
when used, sold or capitalised to property, plant and equipment when installed, as appropriate, using moving weighted average
method. The cost of ﬁnished goods and work-in-progress comprises design costs, raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less selling expenses.


3.12 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
original maturities of three months or less.


3.13 Share capital
Ordinary shares are classiﬁed as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in
equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


3.14 Borrowings
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised
cost; any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the consolidated
statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Borrowings are classiﬁed as current liabilities unless the Group has contractual or an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


3.15 Payables
Payables primarily include notes and trade payables and other payables, and are recognised initially at fair value and
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
152   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.16 Employee benefits
      Pension obligations
      The full-time employees of the Group in the PRC are covered by various government-sponsored pension plans under which the
      employees are entitled to a monthly pension based on certain formulas. The relevant government agencies are responsible for
      the pension liability to these retired employees. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans. Under these
      plans, the Group has no obligation for post-retirement beneﬁts beyond the contributions made. Contributions to these plans are
      expensed as incurred.

      The Group also provides supplementary pension subsidies to certain employees in the PRC. Such supplementary pension
      subsidies are considered to be deﬁned beneﬁt plans as the Group is obligated to provide post-employment beneﬁts to these
      employees. The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position in respect of these deﬁned beneﬁt plans is
      the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt obligation at the end of the reporting period, together with adjustments for unrecognised
      actuarial gains or losses and past service costs. The deﬁned beneﬁt obligation is calculated annually by independent qualiﬁed
      actuaries using the projected unit credit method. Net interests are recognised to the profit or loss and are calculated by the
      discount rate, which is determined by reference to the market yields of the high-quality government bonds at the end of the
      reporting period, multiplied the net defined benefit liabilities or assets at each of the beginning of the reporting period. The
      differences between the actual return on plan assets and with the passage of time in the plan assets are recognised in other
      comprehensive income.

      The Group has various deﬁned contribution plans in accordance with the local conditions and practices in the municipalities and
      provinces in which they operate. Deﬁned contribution plans are pension and/or other social beneﬁt plans under which the Group
      pay ﬁxed contributions into a separate entity (a fund) and will have no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions
      if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees beneﬁts relating to employee service in the current and prior
      periods. The contributions are recognised as labour costs when they are due.

      Other post-employment obligations
      Some of the companies comprising the Group provide post-retirement medical beneﬁts to their retired employees. The expected
      costs of these beneﬁts are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting methodology as used for deﬁned
      beneﬁt pension plans. These obligations are valued annually by independent qualiﬁed actuaries.

      Termination and early retirement benefits
      Termination and early retirement beneﬁts are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement
      date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these beneﬁts. The Group recognises termination
      and early retirement beneﬁts when it is demonstrably committed to either: (i) terminating the employment of current employees
      according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal; or (ii) providing termination beneﬁts as a result of an offer
      made to encourage voluntary redundancy. The speciﬁc terms vary among the terminated and early retired employees depending
      on various factors including position, length of service and district of the employee concerned. Beneﬁts falling due more than 12
      months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to their present value.

      Housing benefits
      The Group contributes to the state-prescribed housing fund. Such costs are charged to the consolidated statement of proﬁt or
      loss and other comprehensive income as incurred. Apart from those described above, the Group does not have other legal or
      constructive obligations over such beneﬁts.

      Bonus entitlements
      The expected cost of bonus payments is recognised as a liability when the Group has a present contractual or constructive
      obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for
      bonus are expected to be settled within twelve months and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are
      settled.
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                            153




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.17 Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs incurred, net of any investment income earned on the temporary investment of the speciﬁc borrowings, for the
acquisition, construction or production of any qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete
and prepare the asset for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to
get ready for its intended use or sale. Other borrowing costs are expensed when incurred.

Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset when expenditure for the asset is being incurred,
borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are being
undertaken. Capitalisation of borrowing costs ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset
for its intended use or sale are completed.


3.18 Taxation
Current and deferred income tax
The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax is recognised in proﬁt or loss, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the income tax is also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation
is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax
authorities.

Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. However, deferred income tax liabilities are not
recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill; deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from the initial
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
neither accounting nor taxable proﬁt or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted
or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset
is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised in proﬁt or loss, or in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
if they relate to items that are charged or credited to other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable proﬁt will be available against which
the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, a joint arrangement and
associates, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the
Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset when meeting all the conditions below:

•     The Group has the legally enforceable right to settle current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities; and

•     The deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income tax levied by the same taxation authority on either the
      taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

Value-added taxation (“VAT”)
Sales of goods and provision of engineering, consulting and licensing services of the Group are subjected to VAT. VAT payable
is determined by applying 13% or 6% on the taxable revenue arising from sales of goods and provision of engineering, consulting
and licensing service in certain regions after offsetting deductible input VAT of the period.

Taxable revenue from construction services is subject to VAT at the rate of 9% after offsetting deductible input VAT. Certain
revenue resulting from providing construction services was taxed by using applicable simple tax method, paying VAT at 3%.
154   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.19 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
      A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the
      occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a
      present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outﬂow of economic resources
      will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably.

      A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements unless the probability of outﬂow of
      resources embodying economic beneﬁts is remote. When a change in the probability of an outﬂow occurs so that the outﬂow is
      probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.

      A contingent asset is not recognised in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements unless virtually certain but disclosed when an inﬂow
      of economic beneﬁts is probable.


      3.20 Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable
      that an outﬂow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated.

      All provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reﬂect the current best estimate.

      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outﬂow will be required in settlement is determined by
      considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outﬂow with respect to any
      one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

      Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax
      rate that reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks speciﬁc to the obligation. The increase in
      the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


      3.21 Government grants
      Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
      received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

      Government grants relating to purchase of assets are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and
      other comprehensive income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

      Government grants relating to income is presented in gross under “other income” in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss
      and other comprehensive income.


      3.22 Contract assets and contract liabilities
      The contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in the exchange for services that the Group has transferred to customer.
      The contract assets transferred to trade receivables when receipt of the consideration is conditional only on the passage of time.

      The Group expects that contract assets have the same risk characteristics as trade receivables. The ECL assessment of contract
      assets in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 3.9.

      A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. A
      contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group
      recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

      For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple contracts,
      contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         155




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.23 Revenue recognition
Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the construction contracts and sale of goods and
services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of value-added tax, returns, rebates and discounts
and after eliminating sales within the Group.

To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Group follows a 5-step process:

(1)   Identifying the contract with a customer;

(2)   Identifying the performance obligations;

(3)   Determining the transaction price;

(4)   Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations; and

(5)   Recognising revenue when/as performance obligation(s) are satisﬁed.

In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various performance obligations based on their
relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance obligations by
transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.

Where the contract contains a ﬁnancing component which provides a signiﬁcant ﬁnancing beneﬁt to the customer for more than
12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would
be reﬂected in a separate ﬁnancing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective
interest method. Where the contract contains a ﬁnancing component which provides a signiﬁcant ﬁnancing beneﬁt to the Group,
revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest
method.

Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

Revenue from construction and service contracts
According to the nature of the contracts, the stage of contract completion is based on that the customer is able to control goods in
progress during the Group’s performance, revenue on construction contracts is recognised based on the Group’s efforts or input
to the satisfaction of the performance obligation over time. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the
actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services. Variations in contract work
are recognised as contract revenue to the extent that the modiﬁcation has been approved by the parties to the contracts and it is
highly probable that a signiﬁcant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs
incurred that are expected to be recovered.

Services rendered
Revenue for services rendered mainly includes technological development, engineering, consultation and supervision is
recognised over time when services are rendered.

Sales of products
Revenue from sales of products is recognised when i) control of the products has transferred, being when the products are
delivered to the customers and there is no unfulﬁlled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products; and ii)
collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured. No contract liability and right to the returned goods are recognised
as insigniﬁcant amount of returns are expected based on previous experience.

Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
156   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.23 Revenue recognition (Continued)
      Interest income
      Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method. When a loan and receivable is
      impaired, the Group reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash ﬂow discounted at
      the original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as interest income. Interest income on
      impaired loan and receivables is recognised using the original effective interest rate.


      3.24 Research and development
      Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design
      and testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when the following criteria are fulﬁlled:

      (i)     it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

      (ii)    management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

      (iii)   the Group’s an ability to use or sell the intangible asset is demonstrated;

      (iv)    it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic beneﬁts;

      (v)     adequate technical, ﬁnancial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset are
              available; and

      (vi)    the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably measured.

      Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs
      previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are
      recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use on a straight-line basis over its
      useful life.


      3.25 Dividend distribution
      Dividend distribution to the Company’s equity holders is recognised as a liability in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in the
      year in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s equity holders or directors, where appropriate.


      3.26 Financial guarantee contracts
      Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a ﬁnancial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is initially
      measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

      •       The amount determined in accordance with the ECL model under IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”; and

      •       The amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with
              the principles of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

      The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows between the
      contractual payments required under the debt instruments and the payments that would be required without the guarantee, or the
      estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

      Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance
      with the Group’s policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an
      immediate expense is recognised in proﬁt or loss on initial recognition of any deferred income.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         157




3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
3.27 Leases
(a) Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
For any new contracts entered into on or after 1 January 2019, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A
lease is deﬁned as ‘a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an identiﬁed asset (the underlying asset) for a
period of time in exchange for consideration’. To apply this deﬁnition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets three key
evaluations which are whether:

•     the contracts contain an identiﬁed asset, which is either explicitly identiﬁed in the contract or implicitly speciﬁed by being
      identiﬁed at the time the asset is made available to the Group;

•     the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic beneﬁts from use of the identiﬁed asset throughout the
      period of use, considering its rights within the deﬁned scope of the contract; and

•     the Group has the right to direct the use of the identiﬁed asset throughout the period of use. The Group assess whether it
      has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used throughout the period of use.

For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates
the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
However, for leases of properties in which the Group is a lessee, the Group elected not to separate non-lease components and
will instead account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the condensed consolidated
statement of ﬁnancial position. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the
lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the lease commencement date (net of any lease incentives
received).

The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end
of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership
at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use asset for impairment when such indicator exists.

At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments unpaid at that
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental
borrowing rate.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of ﬁxed payments (including in-substance ﬁxed
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments based on an index or rate, and amounts expected to be
payable under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably
certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
exercising the option to terminate.

Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments made and increased for interest cost on the
lease liability. It is remeasured to reﬂect any reassessment or lease modiﬁcation, or if there are changes in in-substance ﬁxed
payments. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expense in the period on
which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities whenever:

•     there are changes in lease term, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
      payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

•     the lease payments changes due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review in which cases the
      related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

For lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the
lease term of the modiﬁed lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of
modiﬁcation.

When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reﬂected in the right-of-use asset, or proﬁt and loss if the right-of-
use asset is already reduced to zero.
158   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.            2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
      3.27 Leases (Continued)
      (a) Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)

      Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
      The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset
      and lease liability, the payments in relation to these leases are recognised as an expense in proﬁt or loss on a straight-line basis
      over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less.

      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at
      initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

      (b) The Group as a lessor
      As a lessor, the Group classiﬁes its leases as either operating or ﬁnance leases.

      A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the
      underlying asset, and classiﬁed as an operating lease if it does not.

      The Group also earns rental income from operating leases. Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of
      the lease.


      3.28 Related parties
      For the purposes of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (a)      the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:
      (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

      (ii)     has signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the Group, or

      (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

      (b)      the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:
      (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

      (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of
               which the other entity is a member);

      (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

      (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

      (v)      the entity is a post-employment beneﬁt plan for the beneﬁt of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
               Group;

      (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identiﬁed in (a);

      (vii)    a person identiﬁed in (a) (i) has signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the
               entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

      (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provided key management personnel services to the Group or to
               the parent of the Group.

      Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to inﬂuence, or be inﬂuenced by, that
      person in their dealings with the entity.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         159




4. Financial and Capital Risks Management
The Group works out general principles for overall risk management, including management of financial risks, as well as
management policies covering speciﬁc areas. In considering the importance of risks, the Group identiﬁes and evaluates risks
at head office and individual subsidiary level, and requires analysis and proper communication for the information collected
periodically.


4.1 Financial risk management
The activities of the Group expose them to a variety of ﬁnancial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, interest rate
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The overall risk management program of the Group focuses on the unpredictability
of ﬁnancial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on ﬁnancial performance of the Group.

The carrying amounts presented in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position relate to the following categories of ﬁnancial
assets and ﬁnancial liabilities:

                                                                                               2022                             2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

 Financial assets

 Financial assets at amortised cost

 Notes, trade and other receivables                                                       9,737,226                        8,118,975

 Restricted cash                                                                             82,916                          109,685

 Time deposits                                                                            9,053,681                        8,357,613

 Cash and cash equivalents                                                               14,973,098                       10,305,176

 Loans due from the ultimate holding company                                             20,500,000                       20,500,000

 Financial assets at FVTOCI

 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments                                  250,000                                –

 Total financial assets                                                                  54,596,921                       47,391,449

 Financial liabilities

 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

 Notes, trade and other payables                                                         22,080,648                       22,658,233

 Loan due to a fellow subsidiary                                                            141,972                           63,757

 Lease liabilities                                                                          129,070                          161,730

 Total financial liabilities                                                             22,351,690                       22,883,720
160   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.            2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      4. Financial and Capital Risks Management (Continued)
      4.1 Financial risk management (Continued)
      (a) Market risk
      Foreign exchange risk

      The functional currency of the entities within the Group is RMB and most of the transactions are settled in RMB.

      The Group carries out operations outside the PRC where transactions are usually denominated in the United States Dollars (“USD”)
      which are translated into RMB at the prevailing exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

      The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through provision of engineering contracting services which give rise to notes,
      trade and other receivables, notes, trade and other payables, restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents that
      are denominated in a foreign currency. The currency that gives rise to this risk is primarily in USD as at 31 December 2022 and
      31 December 2021.

      On the other hand, RMB is not a freely convertible currency and the PRC government may at its discretion restrict access to
      foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. Changes in the foreign exchange control system may prevent the
      Group from satisfying sufficient foreign currency demands.

      The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from recognised assets
      or liabilities denominated in a currency other than RMB to which they relate.

                                                                                                   USD                           Others

       At 31 December 2022                                                                    RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

       Restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents                           2,766,345                        2,448,911

       Notes, trade and other receivables                                                        34,610                         645,188

       Notes, trade and other payables                                                         (296,841)                      (1,614,035)

       Loans due to a fellow subsidiary                                                         (69,646)                         (72,326)

       Lease liabilities                                                                           (390)                         (16,402)

       Net exposure in RMB                                                                    2,434,078                        1,391,336


                                                                                                   USD                            Others

       At 31 December 2021                                                                     RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents                           2,811,345                        2,447,819

       Notes, trade and other receivables                                                        32,908                         792,587

       Notes, trade and other payables                                                         (281,951)                      (1,316,352)

       Loan due to a fellow subsidiary                                                          (63,757)                               –

       Lease liabilities                                                                         (1,199)                         (25,840)

       Net exposure in RMB                                                                    2,497,346                        1,898,214
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                          161




4. Financial and Capital Risks Management (Continued)
4.1 Financial risk management (Continued)
(a) Market risk (Continued)
A 5% strengthening of RMB against the USD as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 would have changed the equity
and net proﬁt by the amounts shown below:

                                                                                               2022                              2021

                                                                                           RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

 Decrease in equity and net proﬁt

 – USD                                                                                       (91,278)                         (93,650)


A 5% weakening of RMB as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 would have had the equal but opposite effect on the
above currency to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

The stated changes represent management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes in foreign exchange rates over the
period until the end of the next annual reporting period. The analysis is performed on the same basis at the relevant period.

Interest rate risk

The Group’s ordinary income and operating cash ﬂows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. The
interests arise from the loans between the Group and the ultimate holding company and time deposits are mainly based on ﬁxed
interest rate.

Price risk

The Group is not exposed to equity securities price risk because the Group’s equity securities investments are classified as
ﬁnancial assets at FVTOCI which are stated at fair value.

(b)   Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a ﬁnancial instrument would fail to discharge its obligation under the terms of
the ﬁnancial instrument and cause a ﬁnancial loss to the Group. The Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from restricted
cash, time deposit, cash and cash equivalent, notes, trade and other receivables, contract assets and loans due from the ultimate
holding company.

In order to minimise credit risk, the Group has developed and maintained the Group’s credit risk grading to categorise exposures
according to their degree of risk of default. The credit rating information is based on the Group’s own trading records to rate its
major customers and other debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored
and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

For financial assets measured at amortised cost and contract assets, the exposures to credit risk are monitored such that
any outstanding debtors are reviewed and followed up on an ongoing basis. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has no
signiﬁcant concentration of credit risk arising from its ordinary course of business due to its large customer base. The Group does
not hold any collateral from its debtors.
162   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      4. Financial and Capital Risks Management (Continued)
      4.1 Financial risk management (Continued)
      (b)    Credit risk (Continued)
      Impairment assessment under ECL model

      The Group’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

       Category           Description                                                                             Basis for recognising ECL

       Performing         The counterparty has a low risk of default and does not have any past-due amounts       12-month ECL

       Doubtful           There has been a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since initial recognition           Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired

       In default         There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired                               Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired

                          There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe ﬁnancial difficulty and the
       Write-off            Group has no realistic prospect of recovery                                           Amount is written off


      Trade receivables and contract assets
      As set out in Note 3.9, the Group assesses ECL under IFRS 9 on trade receivables and contract assets based on provision matrix,
      the expected loss rates are based on the payment proﬁle for sales in the past 5 years as well as the corresponding historical
      credit losses during that period. The historical rates are adjusted to reﬂect current and forwarding looking macroeconomic factors
      affecting the customer’s ability to settle the amount outstanding. At each reporting date, the historical default rates are updated
      and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

      Based on the Group’s assessment of historical credit loss experience of the existing debtors and all available forward looking
      information, for trade receivables and contract assets, the Group used estimated loss rates based on aging for classes with
      different credit risk characteristics and exposures.

      Other receivables
      The Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12-month ECL of other receivables. For those balances expected to have
      signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group apply lifetime ECL based on aging for classes with different
      credit risk characteristics and exposures.

      Restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents
      Restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents are placed at ﬁnancial institutions that have sound credit ratings
      assigned by international credit-rating agencies and the Group considers the credit risk to be insigniﬁcant.

      Loans due from the ultimate holding company
      The 12-month ECL calculated by the Group is not signiﬁcant and there has been no signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since initial
      recognition.
                                                                        SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                           163




4. Financial and Capital Risks Management (Continued)
4.1 Financial risk management (Continued)
(c) Liquidity risk
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding from an adequate amount of
committed credit facilities. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying business, the Group aims to maintain ﬂexibility in funding
by keeping committed credit lines available.

Management monitors the cash ﬂow forecasts of the Group in meeting its liabilities.

The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative ﬁnancial liabilities that will be settled on a net basis into relevant maturity
groupings based on the remaining period from the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity dates. The amounts
disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash ﬂows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances,
as the impact of discounting is not signiﬁcant.

                                      Weighted
                                       average                                                                       Total
                                       effective                                                             undiscounted     Carrying
                                   interest rate    Within 1 year    1-2 years    2-5 years   Over 5 years     cash flows      amount

                                                       RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

 At 31 December 2022

 Notes, trade and other payables             N/A        22,080,648           –            –              –       22,080,648   22,080,648

 Loan due to a fellow subsidiary           2.58%          141,972            –            –              –          141,972     141,972

 Lease liabilities                         4.78%           64,933       27,319       30,078         18,538          140,868     129,070

 Total other liabilities                                22,287,553      27,319       30,078         18,538       22,363,488   22,351,690


                                       Weighted
                                        average                                                                       Total
                                        effective                                                             undiscounted     Carrying
                                    interest rate   Within 1 year    1-2 years    2-5 years   Over 5 years      cash ﬂows       amount

                                                        RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

 At 31 December 2021

 Notes, trade and other payables             N/A        22,658,233          –            –              –        22,658,233   22,658,233

 Loan due to a fellow subsidiary           2.16%           63,757           –            –              –            63,757      63,757

 Lease liabilities                         4.76%           78,264       39,404       33,874         28,337          179,879     161,730

 Total other liabilities                                22,800,254      39,404       33,874         28,337       22,901,869   22,883,720
164   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                    2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      4. Financial and Capital Risks Management (Continued)
      4.2 Capital risk management
      The objectives of the Group when managing capital are to safeguard the ability of the Group in continuing as a going concern in
      order to provide returns for shareholders and beneﬁts for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce
      the cost of capital.

      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new
      shares or sell assets to reduce debts.

      The Group monitors their capital structure on the basis of gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital.
      Net debts are calculated as other liabilities (including notes and trade payables, other payables, loan due to a fellow subsidiary
      and lease liabilities, as shown in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position) less restricted cash, time deposits and cash and
      cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as equity, as shown in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position, plus net debts
      less non-controlling interests.

                                                                                                              2022                            2021

                                                                                                       RMB’ 000                           RMB’ 000

          Total other liabilities                                                                     22,351,690                         22,883,720

          Less: Restricted cash, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents                         (24,109,695)                       (18,772,474)

          Net debt                                                                                     (1,758,005)                        4,111,246

          Total equity (excluding non-controlling interests)                                          30,034,208                         29,118,084

          Total capital                                                                               28,276,203                         33,229,330

          Gearing ratio                                                                                       N/A                              12%



      4.3 Fair value measurement of financial instruments
      Fair value measurements
      Apart from the below mentioned, the carrying amounts of the Group’s ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities as re-elected in the
      consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position approximate their respective fair values.

      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
      participants at the measurement date. The Group discloses fair value measurements of financial instruments by level of the
      following fair value measurement hierarchy:

      •         Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

      •         Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly
                (level 2).

      •         Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs) (level 3).
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       165




5. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments
Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The Group makes accounting estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
deﬁnition, seldom equal to the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next ﬁnancial year are discussed below.


(a) Construction contracts
Revenue from individual contracts is recognised according to progress of the project. The determination of the progress of the
construction service involves judgments. According to the nature of contract, the Group recognises revenue by reference to
the stage of completion of the contract activity at the end of the reporting period as measured by the proportion that the actual
costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services. In addition, when determining
the transaction price, the Group consider factors such as whether there is any financing component. The Group considers
whether the payment schedule is commensurate with the Group’s performance and whether the delayed payment is for ﬁnance
purpose. The Group does not consider the arrangement with customers have signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component. The Group has,
therefore, recognised revenue on progress conﬁrmation over the period during which the services are rendered and transferred to
customers. As at 31 December 2022 the contract assets (Note 23(a)) and contract liabilities (Note 23(b)) are RMB9,745,992,000
(31 December 2021: RMB10,273,333,000) and RMB22,929,193,000 (31 December 2021: RMB17,485,967,000) respectively.


(b) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for the Group’s property, plant and equipment
(Note 17). This estimate is based on projected wear and tear incurred during the useful life of property, plant and equipment.
This could change signiﬁcantly as a result of technical renovations and competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles.
Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives or residual values vary with previously estimated, or it will
write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold. As at 31 December 2022,
the net carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB4,663,369,000 (31 December 2021: RMB4,398,287,000).


(c) Provision for ECL of trade receivables and contract assets
The Group determines the provision for ECL on trade receivables (Note 21) and contract assets (Note 23(a)). This estimate is
based on the credit history of the customers and the current market condition and forward-looking information. Management
reassesses the adequacy of provision on a regular basis by reviewing the individual account based on past credit history and
any prior knowledge of debtor insolvency or other credit risk which might not be easily accessible public information and market
volatility might bear a significant impact which might not be easily ascertained. As at 31 December 2022, the provision for
impairment on trade receivables and contract assets are RMB2,286,527,000 (31 December 2021: RMB2,303,492,000) and
RMB528,294,000 (31 December 2021: RMB465,962,000) respectively.


(d) Deferred taxes
The estimates of deferred income tax assets (Note 37) require estimates over future taxable proﬁt and corresponding applicable
income tax rates of respective years. The change in future income tax rates and timing would affect income tax expense or
beneﬁt, as well as deferred income tax balance. The realisation of deferred income tax assets also depends on the realisation
of sufficient proﬁtability (taxable proﬁt) of the Group. Deviation of future proﬁtability from the estimate could result in material
adjustments to the carrying amount of deferred income tax assets. Deferred tax assets relating to certain temporary differences
and tax losses are recognised as management considers it is probable that future taxable proﬁt will be available against which
the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
differences will impact the recognition of deferred tax assets and taxation in the years in which such estimates are changed. As at
31 December 2022, deferred tax assets recognised in the +consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position is RMB769,229,000 (31
December 2021: RMB843,162,000).
166   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      5. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments (Continued)
      (e) Pension obligations
      The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined on an actuarial basis using a
      number of assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the net cost (income) for provisions include the discount rate. Any
      changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. The Group determines the appropriate
      discount rate at the end of each year. This is the interest rate that should be used to determine the present value of estimated
      future cash outﬂows expected to be required to settle the pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, the
      Group considers the interest rates of corporate securities which have maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension
      liability. Other key assumptions for pension obligations are based on current market conditions. As at 31 December 2022, the net
      liabilities of retirement beneﬁt plan obligations (Note 33(b)) is RMB1,913,763,000 (31 December 2021: RMB2,154,036,000).


      (f) Provision for litigation claims
      The Group are from time to time involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. If the management
      believes that the legal proceedings may result claims for compensation to third parties against the Group, the best estimate of
      provision for litigation claims will be recognised. If the management believes that the legal proceedings may be more likely not
      to result claims for compensation to third parties against the Group, no provision will be recognised under any potential litigation
      claims. Except to the extent that the situations and uncertainties involved, that will be disclosed as contingent liabilities. To
      access the outcome of legal proceedings and any potential amount of litigation claims, signiﬁcant judgment is required. As at 31
      December 2022, provision for litigation claims (Note 34) is RMB184,271,000 (31 December 2021: RMB181,292,000).



      6. Revenue
      The Group’s revenue is set out below:

                                                                                                   2022                             2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

      Engineering, consulting and licensing*                                                   3,224,572                       3,779,770

      EPC Contracting*                                                                        29,586,178                      35,670,573

      Construction*                                                                           19,788,145                      17,522,236

      Equipment manufacturing*                                                                  429,244                          787,011

                                                                                              53,028,139                      57,759,590

      *       Above revenue is after elimination.



      7. Segment Information
      Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Senior Management that are used to
      make strategic decisions.

      The Senior Management considers the business from a product and service perspective, which mainly includes four reportable
      operating segments:

      (i)     Engineering, consulting and licensing – providing design, consulting, research and development, feasibility studies,
              compliance certiﬁcation services to oil reﬁning and chemical etc industries;

      (ii)    EPC Contracting – providing integrated engineering, procurement, construction, maintenance and project management
              services to oil reﬁning and chemical etc industries;

      (iii)   Construction – providing infrastructure for oil refining and chemical etc industries, oil and gas storage, pipelines
              transportation, construction, renovation, expansion, repair and maintenance services and large equipment lifting and
              transportation services in construction projects; and

      (iv)    Equipment manufacturing – providing design, development, manufacture and sales of equipment and spare parts for
              facilities including oil reﬁning and chemical facilities.
                                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    167




7. Segment Information (Continued)
Inter-segment sales were conducted at prices no less than cost and with terms mutually agreed among those business segments.
Operating expenses of a functional unit are allocated to the relevant segment which is the predominant user of the services
provided by the unit. Operating expenses of other shared services which cannot be allocated to a speciﬁc segment and corporate
expenses are included as unallocated costs.

Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, rights of use assets, construction in progress, intangible
assets, investment in a joint arrangement and investment in associates, other non-current assets, inventories, notes and trade
receivables, prepayments and other receivables, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Unallocated assets comprise
items such as some of the time deposits, cash and cash equivalents, loans due from the ultimate holding company, deferred
income tax assets and other unallocated assets.

Segment liabilities comprise operating liabilities.

Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment (Note 17), right-of-use assets (Note 18), intangible
assets (Note 19) and other non-current assets.

The segment information provided to the Senior Management for the reportable segments is as follow:

(i) As at and for the year ended 31 December 2022:

The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                          Engineering,
                                         consulting and           EPC                    Equipment
                                             licensing     contracting    Construction manufacturing   Unallocated   Elimination          Total

                                             RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

 Segment revenue and results

 Revenue from external customers              3,224,572     29,586,178       19,788,145      429,244             –               –    53,028,139

 Inter-segment revenue                          145,564              –        5,812,350      400,507             –      (6,358,421)            –

 Segment revenue                              3,370,136     29,586,178       25,600,495      829,751             –      (6,358,421)   53,028,139

 Segment results                                104,380        955,023         609,936         7,570       133,904               –     1,810,813

 Finance income                                                                                                                        1,008,528

 Finance expenses                                                                                                                        (73,491)

 Share of proﬁt of a joint arrangement              (76)             –               –            –              –               –           (76)

 Share of proﬁt of associates                     6,826          9,676               –            –              –               –       16,502

 Proﬁt before taxation                                                                                                                 2,762,276

 Income tax expense                                                                                                                     (480,425)

 Proﬁt for the year                                                                                                                    2,281,851

 Other segment items

 Depreciation                                   346,495        156,600         349,429        20,476             –               –      873,000

 Amortisation                                    27,742         12,960           2,309            –              –               –       43,011

 Capital expenditures

 – Property, plant and equipment                398,169        108,607         485,103         8,214             –               –     1,000,093

 – Right-of-use assets                           18,779         28,961          19,702            –             –                –       67,442

 – Intangible assets                              7,609         21,834           2,513            –             –                –       31,956

 Provision for impairment on
    inventories                                      –          27,849               –            –             –                –       27,849

 Provision/(Reversal of provision) for
    ECL on trade and other
    receivables
    and contract assets, net                     13,786        (16,538)         36,642        14,779             –               –       48,669
168   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      7. Segment Information (Continued)
      (i) As at and for the year ended 31 December 2022: (Continued)
      The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                                      Engineering,
                                                    Consulting and                   EPC                                  Equipment
                                                         licensing            Contracting         Construction         manufacturing          Elimination            Total

                                                           RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000                 RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

       Assets

       Segment assets                                    30,910,037            22,123,629               21,227,989           1,072,592        (27,154,459)      48,179,788

       Investment in a joint arrangement                         3,847                   –                       –                  –                   –            3,847

       Investment in associates                                 55,627              118,796                      –                  –                   –         174,423

       Unallocated assets                                                                                                                                       30,323,681

       Total assets                                                                                                                                             78,681,739

       Liabilities

       Segment liabilities                               32,947,171            23,932,728               18,353,474            729,688         (27,320,832)      48,642,229

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                        48,642,229

      (ii) As at and for the year ended 31 December 2021:
      The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                 Engineering,
                                               consulting and             EPC                               Equipment
                                                    licensing       contracting       Construction        manufacturing       Unallocated       Elimination          Total

                                                   RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

       Segment revenue and results

       Revenue from external customers              3,779,770        35,670,573         17,522,236              787,011                  –                  –   57,759,590

       Inter-segment revenue                          83,709               33,870        8,017,313              249,849                  –       (8,384,741)             –

       Segment revenue                              3,863,479        35,704,443         25,539,549             1,036,860                 –       (8,384,741)    57,759,590

       Segment results                               106,695              814,711             645,392            14,386           120,714                   –    1,701,898

       Finance income                                                                                                                                              954,622

       Finance expenses                                                                                                                                            (82,796)

       Share of proﬁt of a joint arrangement            1,448                  –                   –                    –                –                  –        1,448

       Share of proﬁt of associates                   12,626                4,609                  –                    –                –                  –       17,235

       Proﬁt before taxation                                                                                                                                     2,592,407

       Income tax expense                                                                                                                                         (462,432)

       Proﬁt for the year                                                                                                                                        2,129,975

       Other segment items

       Depreciation                                  248,326              102,923             469,732            22,042                  –          (32,725)       810,298

       Amortisation                                   29,556               32,397               1,870                   –                –                  –       63,823

       Capital expenditures

       – Property, plant and equipment               269,132              113,671             782,256                1,912         11,020                   –    1,177,991

       – Right-of-use assets                          21,006               40,521              47,290                6,415               –                  –      115,232

       – Intangible assets                            38,687                5,968               3,288                   –                –                  –       47,943

       Provision/(Reversal of provision) for
          ECL on trade and other receivables
          and contract assets, net                    81,738              860,445              23,786            28,895             (1,442)                 –      993,422
                                                                         SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        169




7. Segment Information (Continued)
(ii) As at and for the year ended 31 December 2021: (Continued)

The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                            Engineering,
                                          Consulting and         EPC                         Equipment
                                               licensing   Contracting      Construction   manufacturing    Elimination         Total

                                               RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

 Assets

 Segment assets                              28,441,216    32,302,344        22,727,109       1,097,452    (41,551,062)    43,017,059

 Investment in a joint arrangement                3,923             –                 –               –              –          3,923

 Investment in associates                       127,682        31,233                 –               –              –       158,915

 Unallocated assets                                                                                                        29,737,346

 Total assets                                                                                                              72,917,243

 Liabilities

 Segment liabilities                         30,249,398    28,950,927        19,742,143         758,840    (35,907,401)    43,793,907

 Total liabilities                                                                                                         43,793,907


Analysis of information by geographical regions:

The following table lists out the information about geographical regions. The geographical regions of the sales to external
customers are based on the locations where the services are rendered or the places where the goods are delivered. The speciﬁc
non-current assets include property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment in a joint arrangement
and investment in associates, which the geographical regions are based on the places where the assets are located for property,
plant and equipment and land use rights, the places where they are allocated to for intangible assets and the places where the
business are conducted for a joint arrangement and associates.


Revenue
                                                                                                   2022                         2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

 The PRC                                                                                     48,837,100                    53,120,489

 Saudi Arabia                                                                                 2,037,734                     1,622,794

 Kuwait                                                                                         434,231                      989,022

 Other countries                                                                              1,719,074                     2,027,285

                                                                                             53,028,139                    57,759,590



Information about major customers
The customers accounted for more than 10% of the total revenue of the Group and revenue from them for the year ended 31
December 2022 and 2021, the details are as follows:

                                                                                                   2022                         2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

 Fellow subsidiary and its subsidiaries

 – Customer group A                                                                          26,236,433                    28,365,516


The revenue from the customers are derived from the segment of engineering, consulting and licensing, EPC contracting,
construction and equipment manufacturing.
170   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      7. Segment Information (Continued)
      Specified non-current assets
                                                                                                2022                         2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

       The PRC                                                                            6,968,179                      6,893,411

       Other countries                                                                        325,162                      242,994

                                                                                          7,293,341                      7,136,405



      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customer
      The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and service at a point in time and over time in the following customers’
      segment for engineering, consulting and licensing, EPC contracting, construction and equipment manufacturing:

                                            Engineering,
                                          consulting and              EPC                             Equipment
                                               licensing       contracting     Construction        manufacturing             Total

                                               RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

       Timing of revenue recognition

       For the year ended
         31 December 2022

       – At a point in time                           –                 –                 –              429,244           429,244

       – Over time                             3,224,572        29,586,178       19,788,145                   –         52,598,895

       Total revenue                           3,224,572        29,586,178       19,788,145              429,244        53,028,139

       For the year ended
         31 December 2021

       – At a point in time                           –                 –                 –              787,011           787,011

       – Over time                             3,779,770        35,670,573       17,522,236                   –         56,972,579

       Total revenue                           3,779,770        35,670,573       17,522,236              787,011        57,759,590

       For the year ended
         31 December 2022

       – Oil reﬁning                           1,202,823         3,625,856        2,590,206                2,442         7,421,327

       – Petrochemicals                        1,887,513        16,297,227       12,995,739              426,289        31,606,768

       – New coal chemicals                     134,236           394,751           383,427                 513            912,927

       – Storage and transportation and
          others                                      –          9,268,344        3,818,773                   –         13,087,117

       Total revenue                           3,224,572        29,586,178       19,788,145              429,244        53,028,139

       For the year ended 31
         December 2021

       – Oil reﬁning                           1,167,846         8,440,987        3,476,343               57,058        13,142,234

       – Petrochemicals                        1,718,192        17,646,105        9,928,241              729,717        30,022,255

       – New coal chemicals                     234,618           771,843           347,195                   –          1,353,656

       – Storage and transportation and
          others                                659,114          8,811,638        3,770,457                 236         13,241,445

       Total revenue                           3,779,770        35,670,573       17,522,236              787,011        57,759,590
                                                                              SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                              171




8. Other Income
                                                                                                      2022                           2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Operating lease rental income on property, plant and equipment                                      55,873                        56,265

 Income from write back long outstanding payables                                                    10,086                         6,749

 Government grants (note)                                                                            48,533                        43,918

 Others                                                                                             199,683                         4,681

                                                                                                    314,175                       111,613

Note: Government grants mainly represent ﬁnancial subsidies from Talent Development Fund and job stabilisation subsidies etc.



9. Other Gains – Net
                                                                                                      2022                           2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Gains on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                                         3,193                        51,342

 Gains/(losses) on disposal/write-off of land use rights                                               140                           (163)

 (Losses)/gains on separation and transfer of “Water/electricity/gas supply
    and property management”                                                                           (700)                        5,949

                                                                                                      2,633                        57,128




10. Finance Income and Finance Expenses
                                                                                                      2022                           2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Finance income

 Interest income from the ultimate holding company                                                  693,529                       711,024

 Interest income from the fellow subsidiaries                                                        87,850                        55,500

 Bank interest income                                                                               227,149                       188,098

                                                                                                  1,008,528                       954,622

 Finance expenses

 Interest expenses to a fellow subsidiary on balances wholly repayable
    within 5 years                                                                                   (5,658)                        (4,323)

 Interest expenses on retirement and other supplementary beneﬁt obligation                          (60,905)                       (69,440)

 Finance charges on lease liabilities                                                                (6,926)                        (8,578)

 Other interest expense                                                                                  (2)                         (455)

                                                                                                    (73,491)                       (82,796)

                                                                                                    935,037                       871,826
172   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      11. Profit Before Taxation
      Proﬁt before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                   2022                            2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Staff costs, including directors and supervisors emoluments (Note 16)                   6,796,902                       6,590,754

       Retirement beneﬁt plan contribution (including in the
         above mentioned staff costs)                                                            871,843                        857,824

       Cost of goods sold                                                                     18,277,547                      20,445,779

       Subcontracting costs                                                                   18,883,927                      20,567,047

       Depreciation and amortisation

       – Property, plant and equipment                                                           700,138                        640,524

       – Right of use assets                                                                     172,862                        169,774

       – Intangible assets                                                                        43,011                         63,823

       Operating lease rentals

       Short term leases expenses                                                                350,686                        339,952

       Provision for ECL on trade and other receivables and contract assets, net                  48,669                        993,422

       Provision for impairment on inventories                                                    27,849                               –

       Rental income from property, plant and equipment after relevant expenses                  (55,873)                        (56,265)

       Research and development costs                                                          2,577,892                       2,379,149

       Gains on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                               (3,193)                        (51,342)

       (Gains)/losses on disposal/write-off of land use rights                                      (140)                           163

       Auditor’s remuneration

       – Audit service                                                                             4,570                           4,570

       Exchange (gains)/losses, net                                                             (229,800)                        82,990




      12. Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                   2022                            2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Current tax

       PRC enterprise income tax                                                                 427,456                        576,402

       Overseas enterprise income tax                                                             28,446                         23,514

       Over provision for income tax in prior years                                              (30,541)                         (6,943)

                                                                                                 425,361                        592,973

       Deferred tax

       Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 37)                                55,064                        (130,541)

       Income tax expense                                                                        480,425                        462,432


      According to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC, the applicable income tax of the years ended 31 December 2022 and
      2021 is 25%.

      According to the normal statutory PRC corporate income tax and relevant rules, for the years ended 31 December 2022 and
      2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company have been qualiﬁed as new high-tech enterprises which can enjoy 15% preferential tax
      rate in the related period, other members of the Group are subject to 25% income tax rate.

      The tax of other countries is based on the nation’s tax laws, where the relevant subsidiary of the Group operates in.
                                                                         SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    173




12. Income Tax Expense (Continued)
The difference between the actual income tax charge in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive
income and the amounts which would result from applying the enacted tax rate to proﬁt before income tax can be reconciled as
follows:

                                                                                                      2022                                2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000

  Proﬁt before tax                                                                                2,762,276                          2,592,407

  Taxation calculated at the statutory tax rate                                                    690,569                             648,101

  Income tax effects of:

  Preferential income tax treatments of certain companies                                          (449,835)                           (365,212)

  Difference in overseas proﬁts tax rates                                                            14,099                              (1,824)

  Non-deductible expenses                                                                          216,658                             249,576

  Income not subject to tax                                                                         (12,800)                            (57,882)

  Unrecognised tax losses                                                                            61,769                             16,076

  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                  (9,494)                            (19,721)

  Over provision for income tax in prior years                                                      (30,541)                             (6,682)

  Income tax expense                                                                               480,425                             462,432

  Effective income tax rate                                                                         17.4 %                               17.8%




13. Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 is calculated based on the proﬁt attributable to
the equity holders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

                                                                                                      2022                                2021

  Proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’ 000)                                  2,281,800                          2,129,589

  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                         4,428,000,000                      4,428,000,000

  Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                                       0.52                                0.48


Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there was no potential diluted shares outstanding for the
reporting period.



14. Dividends
Dividends represented dividends declared by the Company during each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                      2022                                2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000

  Interim dividends of RMB0.118 per ordinary share (2021: RMB0.091)(1)                             522,504                             402,948

  Proposed ﬁnal dividends of RMB0.210 per ordinary share
     (2021: RMB0.222)(2)                                                                           929,880                             983,016

(1)    Pursuant to a resolution passed at the board of Directors’ meeting on 19 August 2022, the Directors authorised to declare the interim
       dividends for the year ended 31 December 2022 of RMB0.118 (2021: RMB0.091) per share totalling RMB522,504,000 (2021:
       RMB402,948,000).
(2)    Pursuant to the board of Directors’ meeting on 17 March 2023, the Directors recommended to declare the ﬁnal dividends for the year ended
       31 December 2022 of RMB0.210 (2021: RMB0.222) per share totalling RMB929,880,000 (2021: RMB983,016,000). Such recommendation
       is to be approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. Dividends declared after the year end of the reporting period are not
       recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.
174   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      15. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments and Five
      Highest Individuals’ Emoluments
      (a) Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
      Details of directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows:
      (i) For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                               Basic salaries,
                                                                         other
                                                                  allowances                     Contributions
                                                                          and    Discretionary     to pension
                                                       Fee    benefits-in-kind          bonus            plans      Total

                                                   RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

       Executive directors

       SUN Lili(5)                                       –                540           1,083             120       1,743

       XIANG Wenwu           (5)
                                                         –                432           1,171             120       1,723

       JIANG Dejun       (2)(5)
                                                         –                376             989             120       1,485

                                                         –              1,348           3,243             360       4,951

       Non-executive directors

       WANG Zizong(6)                                    –                  –               –               –          –

       LI Chengfeng(6)                                   –                  –               –               –          –

       WU Wenxin       (5)
                                                         –                  –               –               –          –

                                                         –                  –               –               –          –

       Independent non-executive directors

       HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                         200                  –               –               –        200

       JIN Yong                                        200                  –               –               –        200

       YE Zheng                                        200                  –               –               –        200

                                                       600                  –               –               –        600

       Supervisors

       ZHU Fei(5)                                        –                346             843             120       1,309

       XU Yijun(1)(6)                                    –                309             755              95       1,159

       WU Zhongxian          (1)(5)
                                                         –                286             997              91       1,374

       ZHOU Yingguan               (1)(5)
                                                         –                305           1,113             102       1,520

       ZHANG Xinming(1)(4)                               –                481             650             112       1,243

       ZHOU Chengping                (1)(6)
                                                         –                326             935              95       1,356

       YI Hao (1)(6)
                                                         –                289             967              94       1,350

                                                         –              2,342           6,260             709       9,311

                                                       600              3,690           9,503            1,069     14,862
                                                         SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                         175




15. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments and Five
Highest Individuals’ Emoluments (Continued)
(a) Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
Details of directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows: (Continued)
(ii) For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                       Basic salaries,
                                                                other
                                                          allowances                     Contributions
                                                                  and    Discretionary     to pension
                                               Fee    beneﬁts-in-kind           bonus           plans            Total

                                           RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

 Executive directors

 SUN Lili(5)                                     –                583             718             109           1,410

 XIANG Wenwu           (5)
                                                 –                437             642             109           1,188

 JIANG Dejun        (2)(5)
                                                 –                382             711             109           1,202

                                                 –              1,402           2,071             327           3,800

 Non-executive directors

 WANG Zizong(6)                                  –                  –               –               –               –

 LI Chengfeng(6)                                 –                  –               –               –               –

 WU Wenxin       (5)
                                                 –                  –               –               –               –

                                                 –                  –               –               –               –

 Independent non-executive directors

 HUI Chiu Chung, Stephen                       200                  –               –               –             200

 JIN Yong                                      200                  –               –               –             200

 YE Zheng                                      200                  –               –               –             200

                                               600                  –               –               –             600

 Supervisors

 ZHU Fei(5)                                      –                352             577             109           1,038

 WANG Guoliang(1)(3)                             –                  –               –               –               –

 XU Yijun  (1)(6)
                                                 –                307             521              89             917

 YE Wenbang         (1)(3)
                                                 –                  –               –               –               –

 WU Jibo(1)(3)                                   –                  –               –               –               –

 WU Zhongxian          (1)(5)
                                                 –                283             457              89             829

 ZHOU Yingguan               (1)(5)
                                                 –                258             568              95             921

 ZHANG Xinming(1)(4)                             –                262             648             102           1,012

 ZHOU Chengping(1)(6)                            –                333             609              86           1,028

 YI Hao(1)(6)                                    –                293             438              88             819

                                                 –              2,088           3,818             658           6,564

                                               600              3,490           5,889             985          10,964
176   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.             2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      15. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments and Five
      Highest Individuals’ Emoluments (Continued)
      (a) Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
      Details of directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows: (Continued)
      Notes:
      (1)    These supervisors receive no emoluments for their services provided to the Company but they however receive emoluments from the Group
             for their services as directors and/or supervisors of a number of subsidiaries.
      (2)    Appointed on 22 February 2021
      (3)    Resigned on 22 March 2021
      (4)    Appointed on 10 May 2021
      (5)    Retired and re-appointed on 26 October 2021
      (6)    Appointed on 26 October 2021

      (b) Five highest paid individuals
      The number of director or supervisor and non-director or supervisor included in the ﬁve highest paid individuals for the years
      ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set forth below:

                                                                                                         2022                               2021

                                                                                        Number of individuals               Number of individuals

       Director or supervisor                                                                               4                                  3

       Non-director or supervisor                                                                           1                                  2

                                                                                                            5                                  5


      The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining highest paid non-director or supervisor are as follows:

                                                                                                         2022                               2021

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

       Basic salaries, other allowances and beneﬁts-in-kind                                               263                                571

       Discretionary bonuses                                                                            1,042                              1,644

       Contributions to pensions plans                                                                    105                                177

                                                                                                        1,410                              2,412


      The emoluments one (2021: two) highest paid individuals who are non-director or supervisor are within the following bands:

                                                                                                         2022                               2021

                                                                                        Number of individuals               Number of individuals

       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                         1                                  –

       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                         –                                  2

       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                  –                                  –

                                                                                                            1                                  2


      No emoluments were paid by the Group to any director or the ﬁve highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining
      the Group or as compensation for loss of office during the year (2021: nil).
                                                                         SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.           2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    177




16. Employment Benefits
                                                                                                      2022                                2021

                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000

 Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                                      4,648,084                          4,433,334

 Retirement beneﬁts(1)                                                                             799,657                             754,366

 Early retirement and supplemental pension beneﬁt (Note 33 (b))

 – service cost                                                                                       3,532                             22,099

 – interest cost                                                                                     60,905                             69,440

 Immediate recognition of actuarial losses                                                            7,749                             11,919

 Housing fund(2)                                                                                   400,912                             383,692

 Welfare, medical and other expenses                                                               876,063                             915,904

                                                                                                  6,796,902                          6,590,754

Notes:
(1)    Retirement benefits
       The Group is required to make speciﬁc contributions to the state-managed retirement plan at a rate of 14% to 19% (2021: 14% to 19%) of the
       speciﬁed salaries of the PRC employees for the year ended 31 December 2022. The PRC government is responsible for the pension liability
       to the retired employees. The PRC employees of the Group are entitled to a monthly pension upon their retirements.
(2)    Housing fund
       In accordance with the PRC housing reform regulations, the Group is required to make contributions to the state-managed housing fund at
       rates of 12% of the speciﬁed salaries of the PRC employees. At the same time, the employees are required to make a contribution based on
       certain percentages. The employees are entitled to claim the entire sum of the fund under certain speciﬁed withdrawal circumstances. The
       Group has no further obligations for housing beneﬁts beyond the contributions made above.
178   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      17. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                   Machinery,
                                                                                transportation
                                                           Buildings and       equipment and            Construction-
                                                           other facilities   other equipment             in-progress          Total

                                                                RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000               RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021

       Cost                                                     3,454,045           4,896,970                 692,596      9,043,611

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (1,632,561)         (3,529,584)                      –    (5,162,145)

       Net book amount                                          1,821,484           1,367,386                 692,596      3,881,466

       Year ended 31 December 2021

       Opening net book amount                                  1,821,484           1,367,386                 692,596      3,881,466

       Transfers                                                  325,128             974,479               (1,299,607)            –

       Additions                                                     2,437                   –              1,175,554      1,177,991

       Depreciation                                              (120,136)           (520,388)                       –      (640,524)

       Disposals/write-off                                         (15,236)             (5,410)                      –       (20,646)

       Closing net book amount                                  2,013,677           1,816,067                 568,543      4,398,287

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022

       Cost                                                     3,745,323           5,375,963                 568,543      9,689,829

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (1,731,646)         (3,559,896)                      –    (5,291,542)

       Net book amount                                          2,013,677           1,816,067                 568,543      4,398,287

       Year ended 31 December 2022

       Opening net book amount                                  2,013,677           1,816,067                 568,543      4,398,287

       Transfers                                                   64,201             849,141                (913,342)             –

       Additions                                                         –             44,037                 956,056      1,000,093

       Depreciation                                              (123,986)           (576,152)                       –      (700,138)

       Disposals/write-off                                            (773)            (34,100)                      –       (34,873)

       Closing net book amount                                  1,953,119           2,098,993                 611,257      4,663,369

       At 31 December 2022

       Cost                                                     3,807,432           5,834,235                 611,257     10,252,924

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (1,854,313)         (3,735,242)                      –    (5,589,555)

       Net book amount                                          1,953,119           2,098,993                 611,257      4,663,369


      Depreciation expense recognised is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                    2022                       2021

                                                                                              RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

       Cost of sales                                                                              593,767                   561,635

       Selling and marking expenses                                                                  287                         25

       Administrative expenses                                                                     40,722                    24,124

       Research and development costs                                                              65,362                    54,740

                                                                                                  700,138                   640,524
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.              2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                          179




18. Right-of-Use Assets
The Group leases assets including buildings and other facilities, Machinery, transportation equipment and other equipment and
lands. Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below:

                                                                             Machinery,
                                                                          transportation
                                                     Buildings and       equipment and
                                                     other facilities   other equipment           Land use right                 Total

                                                          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000                RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

 Balance at 1 January 2021                                  168,526              46,383               2,233,392              2,448,301

 Additions                                                   83,490              31,742                        –              115,232

 Depreciation for the year                                   (84,462)            (28,033)                (57,279)             (169,774)

 Disposal/written off                                        (18,805)              (455)                  (2,298)              (21,558)

 Balance at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022             148,749              49,637               2,173,815              2,372,201

 Additions                                                   64,813               2,629                        –               67,442

 Depreciation                                                (86,117)            (29,530)                (57,215)             (172,862)

 Disposal/written off                                              –                   –                   (771)                  (771)

 Modiﬁcation                                                  (5,398)              (934)                       –                (6,332)

 Balance at 31 December 2022                                122,047              21,802               2,115,829              2,259,678


Depreciation recognised is analysed as follows:

                                                                                              2022                               2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

 Cost of sales                                                                              113,922                           109,418

 Administrative expenses                                                                     54,419                            60,356

 Research and development expenses                                                            4,521                                  –

                                                                                            172,862                           169,774
180   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      19. Intangible Assets
                                                                        Patent    Computer software           Total

                                                                      RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021

       Cost                                                            479,882                552,631     1,032,513

       Accumulated amortisation                                       (455,762)               (357,792)    (813,554)

       Net book amount                                                  24,120                194,839      218,959

       Year ended 31 December 2021

       Opening net book amount                                          24,120                194,839      218,959

       Additions                                                             –                 47,943       47,943

       Amortisation                                                    (24,120)                (39,703)     (63,823)

       Closing net book amount                                               –                203,079      203,079

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022

       Cost                                                            479,882                600,574     1,080,456

       Accumulated amortisation                                       (479,882)               (397,495)    (877,377)

       Net book amount                                                       –                203,079      203,079

       Year ended 31 December 2022

       Opening net book amount                                               –                203,079      203,079

       Additions                                                        10,100                 21,856       31,956

       Amortisation                                                        (84)                (42,927)     (43,011)

       Disposal

       – Cost                                                                –                  (2,571)      (2,571)

       – Accumulated amortisation                                            –                   2,571        2,571

       Closing net book amount                                          10,016                182,008      192,024

       At 31 December 2022

       Cost                                                            489,982                619,859     1,109,841

       Accumulated amortisation                                       (479,966)               (437,851)    (917,817)

       Net book amount                                                  10,016                182,008      192,024


      Amortisation recognised is analysed as follows:

                                                                                      2022                    2021

                                                                                  RMB’ 000                RMB’ 000

       Cost of sales                                                                  4,403                 12,121

       Administrative expenses                                                       21,212                 51,702

       Research and development expenses                                             17,396                       –

                                                                                     43,011                 63,823
                                                                      SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.            2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                   181




20. Investment in a Joint Arrangement and Associates
(a) Investment in a joint arrangement
                                                                                                    2022                                    2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

 Joint venture

 Beginning of the year                                                                             3,923                                2,475

 Share of total comprehensive (expense)/income                                                       (76)                               1,448

 End of the year                                                                                   3,847                                3,923


The Group’s joint venture, is unlisted and established in a form of limited company, is as follows:

                                               Establishment/Place      Registered and      Indirect effective   Principal activities and
 Name                                          of incorporation        fully paid capital        interest held   place of operations

                                                                               RMB’ 000

 Hainan Great Wall Machinery Engineering      The PRC                 3,000 (2021: 3,000)                  50%   Technical development, sales
  Co., Ltd. (海南長城機械工程有限公司)                                                                                       of equipment/The PRC


The above joint venture is accounted for by using the equity method.

                                                                                                    2022                                    2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

 Current assets                                                                                    8,160                               10,238

 Non-current assets                                                                                  944                                1,087

 Total assets                                                                                      9,104                               11,325

 Current liabilities                                                                               1,409                                3,479

 Total liabilities                                                                                 1,409                                3,479

 Equity                                                                                            7,695                                7,846

 Share of equity by the Group (50%) (2021: 50%)                                                    3,847                                3,923


                                                                                                    2022                                    2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

 Revenue                                                                                               –                               12,212

 (Loss)/proﬁt and total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year                                 (151)                               2,896

 Share of total comprehensive (expense)/income (50%) (2021:50%)                                      (76)                               1,448


There are no material contingent liabilities and commitments relating to the Group’s interests in the joint venture and no material
contingent liabilities and commitments of the joint venture itself.
182   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.             2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      20. Investment in a Joint Arrangement and Associates
      (Continued)
      (b) Investments in associates
                                                                                                          2022                                    2021

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

       Beginning of the year                                                                          158,915                               149,680

       Share of total comprehensive income                                                              16,508                               17,235

       Dividend distribution                                                                            (1,000)                              (8,000)

       End of the year                                                                                174,423                               158,915


      The Group’s associates, all of which are unlisted and established in a form of limited company, are as follows:

                                                    Establishment/Place       Registered and      Indirect effective   Principal activities and
       Name                                         of incorporation         fully paid capital        interest held   place of operations

                                                                                     RMB’ 000

       China Petrochemical Technology Co., Ltd.     The PRC                            50,000               35.00%     Technical development,
        (中國石油化工科技開發有限公司)(1)                                                    (2021: 50,000)       (2021: 35.00%)     Technical service/The PRC

       Shanghai KSD Bulk Solids Engineering         The PRC                              5,500              36.36%     Powder engineering services/
         Co., Ltd. (上海金申德粉體工程有限公司)(2)                                            (2021: 5,500)      (2021: 36.36%)     The PRC


      The above associates are accounted for by using the equity method.

      (1) The Group’s share of the results of China Petrochemical Technology Co., Ltd., its aggregated assets and
      liabilities, are as follows:
                                                                                                          2022                                    2021

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

       Current assets                                                                                1,748,945                            1,475,754

       Non-current assets                                                                               64,332                               60,292

       Total assets                                                                                  1,813,277                            1,536,046

       Current liabilities                                                                           1,367,169                            1,132,155

       Non-current liabilities                                                                           4,566                                      34

       Total liabilities                                                                             1,371,735                            1,132,189

       Equity attributable to equity holders                                                          397,332                               364,805

       Non-controlling interests                                                                        44,209                               39,052

                                                                                                      441,541                               403,857

       Share of equity by the Group (35%) (2021: 35%)                                                 139,066                               127,682
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   183




20. Investment in a Joint Arrangement and Associates
(Continued)
(b) Investments in associates (Continued)
(1) The Group’s share of the results of China Petrochemical Technology Co., Ltd., its aggregated assets and
liabilities, are as follows: (Continued)
                                                                                          2022                            2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

 Revenue                                                                                724,012                        626,337

 Proﬁt and total comprehensive income for the year
   attributable to equity holders                                                        32,527                         36,075

 Proﬁt and total comprehensive income for the year
   attributable to non-controlling interest holders                                       6,407                          5,771

 Share of total comprehensive income (35%) (2021: 35%)                                   11,384                         12,626


For the years ended 31 December 2022, China Petrochemical Technology Co., Ltd. declares dividends of RMB Nil (2021:
RMB20,000,000).

(2) The Group’s share of the results of Shanghai KSD Bulk Solids Engineering Co., Ltd., its aggregated assets
and liabilities, are as follows:
                                                                                          2022                            2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

 Current assets                                                                         233,652                        207,814

 Non-current assets                                                                       3,364                          1,516

 Total assets                                                                           237,016                        209,330

 Current liabilities                                                                    137,202                        123,402

 Non-current liabilities                                                                  2,543                              5

 Total liabilities                                                                      139,745                        123,407

 Equity                                                                                  97,271                         85,923

 Share of equity by the Group (36.36%) (2021: 36.36%)                                    35,368                         31,242


                                                                                          2022                            2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

 Revenue                                                                                128,250                        128,867

 Proﬁt and total comprehensive income for the year                                       14,097                         12,698

 Share of total comprehensive income (36.36%) (2021: 36.36%)                              5,124                          4,609


For the year ended 31 December 2022, Shanghai KSD Bulk Solids Engineering Co., Ltd. declares dividends of RMB2,750,000
(2021: RMB2,750,000).

There are no material contingent liabilities and commitments relating to the Group’s interests in the associates and no material
contingent liabilities and commitments of the associates themselves.
184   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      21. Notes and Trade Receivables
                                                                                                   2022                           2021

                                                                                              RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Trade receivables

       Fellow subsidiaries                                                                    3,635,396                       1,810,551

       Joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                    490,604                        445,412

       Associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                        198,741                        323,414

       Associates                                                                                77,020                          2,473

       Third parties                                                                          5,261,796                       5,522,787

                                                                                              9,663,557                       8,104,637

       Less: ECL allowance for impairment                                                     (2,286,527)                    (2,303,492)

       Trade receivables – net                                                                7,377,030                       5,801,145

       Notes receivables                                                                      1,218,283                       1,052,371

       Notes and trade receivables – net                                                      8,595,313                       6,853,516


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s notes and trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 approximate
      their fair values.

      All notes receivables of the Group are bank’s acceptance bills and commercial’s acceptance bills and usually collected within six
      months from the date of issue.

      The Group usually provides customers with a credit term between 15 and 180 days. For the settlement of trade receivables from
      provision of services, the Group usually reaches an agreement on the term of each payment with the customer by taking into
      account of factors such as, among other things, the credit history of the customer, its liquidity position and the Group’s working
      capital needs, which varies on a case-by-case basis that requires the judgment and experience of the management. The Group
      does not hold any collateral as security.

      Ageing analysis of notes and trade receivables, net of ECL allowance, by invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                   2022                           2021

                                                                                              RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Within 1 year                                                                          7,871,827                       6,169,387

       Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    540,571                        457,188

       Between 2 and 3 years                                                                    121,889                        160,573

       Between 3 and 4 years                                                                     20,802                         25,288

       Between 4 and 5 years                                                                      8,112                          9,987

       Over 5 years                                                                              32,112                         31,093

                                                                                              8,595,313                       6,853,516
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                     185




21. Notes and Trade Receivables (Continued)
The movements of ECL allowance on trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                            2022                            2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

 At the beginning of the year                                                           2,303,492                       1,541,497

 ECL allowance                                                                           204,982                         996,625

 Receivables written off as uncollectible                                                  (4,395)                         (2,598)

 Reversal                                                                                (217,552)                       (232,032)

 At the end of the year                                                                 2,286,527                       2,303,492


During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has performed an individual assessment on those trade debtors with
signiﬁcant outstanding balances, some trade receivables has provided full ECL allowance in light of the severe ﬁnancial difficulty
and long default payment record, this led to a signiﬁcant change in the ECL allowance on trade receivables.

The carrying amounts of the Group’s notes and trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                            2022                            2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

 RMB                                                                                    8,190,451                       6,162,544

 USD                                                                                      26,055                          18,253

 SAR                                                                                     180,066                         314,181

 KWD                                                                                     193,281                         285,725

 MYR                                                                                            –                         47,955

 RUB                                                                                        5,460                         18,038

 Others                                                                                         –                           6,820

                                                                                        8,595,313                       6,853,516
186   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      22. Prepayments and Other Receivables
                                                                                                             2022         2021

                                                                                                      RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

        Prepayments

        Prepayments for fellow subsidiaries                                                               472,133     1,476,856

        Prepayments for joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                 335          385

        Prepayments for associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                     209             3

        Prepayments for construction                                                                  1,825,752       1,190,350

        Prepayments for materials and equipment                                                       2,732,945       3,566,695

        Prepayments for labour costs                                                                      109,016       10,315

        Prepayments for rent                                                                                 3,383      12,449

        Others                                                                                             76,211       86,378

                                                                                                      5,219,984       6,343,431

        Other receivables

        Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries(1)                                                            44,860       16,891

        Amounts due from joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries(1)                                         220,208      245,495

        Amounts due from associates of fellow subsidiaries   (1)
                                                                                                          164,369      190,787

        Dividends receivable                                                                                 1,000      10,000

        Interests receivable                                                                              198,502      402,177

        Petty cash funds                                                                                     4,736        5,321

        Other guarantee deposits and deposits                                                             160,863      121,458

        Payment in advance                                                                                296,412      237,969

        Maintenance funds                                                                                  64,591       64,393

        Value-added tax credit                                                                            138,749      249,100

        Prepaid value-added tax                                                                            56,484      105,075

        Prepaid income tax                                                                                 88,091       85,786

        Value-added tax to be certiﬁed                                                                     15,453         9,571

        Land disposal                                                                                            –         827

        Others                                                                                             98,135       78,234

                                                                                                      1,552,453       1,823,084

        Less: ECL allowance for impairment                                                                (111,763)    (108,093)

        Prepayments and other receivables – net                                                       6,660,674       8,058,422

      (1)    The amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         187




22. Prepayments and Other Receivables (Continued)
The carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments and other receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021
approximate their fair values.

The movements of ECL allowance on other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                               2022                             2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

 At the beginning of the year                                                               108,093                          132,725

 ECL allowance                                                                               54,406                           24,464

 Write-off of irrecoverable receivable                                                         (953)                          (1,958)

 Reversal                                                                                   (49,783)                         (47,138)

 At the end of the year                                                                     111,763                          108,093




23. Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
(a) Contract assets
                                                                                               2022                             2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

 Contract assets arising from construction contracts                                      9,745,992                       10,273,333


Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:

The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require progress payments over the construction period
once certain speciﬁed milestones are reached. The Group requires customers to pay deposits, normally 10% of total contract
sum, as part of its credit risk management policies. The Group also agrees to have 1 to 2 years retention period for, normally 5%
of the contract value. This amount is included in contract assets until the end of retention period as the Group’s entitlement to this
ﬁnal payment is conditional on the Group’s satisfactory work.

The amount of contract assets that is expected to be recovered after more than one year is RMB336,617,000 (2021:
RMB648,903,000), all of which relates to retentions.

The movements of ECL allowance on contract assets are as follows:

                                                                                               2022                             2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000

 At the beginning of the year                                                               465,962                          214,459

 ECL allowance                                                                               97,855                          267,663

 Reversal                                                                                   (35,523)                         (16,160)

 At the end of the year                                                                     528,294                          465,962
188   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      23. Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities (Continued)
      (b) Contract liabilities
                                                                                                                 2022                                  2021

                                                                                                             RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

       Contract liabilities arising from construction contracts                                            22,929,193                            17,485,967

      Notes:
      When the Group receives a deposit before the production activity commences, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract until
      the revenue recognised on the project exceeds the amount of the deposit.

      The balance of contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 is RMB17,485,967,000 (2021: RMB15,511,149,000), in which
      RMB13,370,398,000 (2021: RMB12,884,276,000) was recognised as revenue during the year.

      Unsatisﬁed performance obligation:

      The Group has signed construction contracts with a number of clients to provide construction services for a certain period of time
      in the future. These contracts normally constitute a single performance obligation as a whole. As at 31 December 2022, part
      of the construction projects of the Group was still in the process, and the total transaction price apportioned to the unsatisﬁed
      performance obligation was RMB122,337,044,000 (2021: RMB111,045,177,000), the amount of which was related to the progress
      of the performance of each construction contract, and will be recognised as revenue in accordance with the percentage of work
      performed in the future.



      24. Inventories
                                                                                                                 2022                                  2021

                                                                                                             RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000

       Raw materials                                                                                          524,201                               259,480

       Turnover materials                                                                                     252,707                               215,393

       Goods in transit                                                                                          8,436                                5,058

                                                                                                              785,344                               479,931

       Provision for impairment on inventories                                                                 (27,849)                                    –

       Inventory, net                                                                                         757,495                               479,931


      For the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the cost of inventories recognised as expense and included in cost of sales
      amounted to RMB18,277,547,000 and RMB20,445,779,000 respectively.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      189




25. Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
Investments
                                                                                            2022                             2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

 Beginning of ﬁnancial year                                                                     –                               –

 Additions                                                                                250,000                               –

 End of ﬁnancial year                                                                     250,000                               –


Financial assets, at FVOCI is analysed as follows:

                                                                                            2022                             2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

 Unlisted equity shares                                                                   250,000                               –

 Total                                                                                    250,000                               –


Unlisted equity shares related to investment in Sinopec Carbon Industry Technology Co., Ltd., the company incorporated in
the PRC. The Company mainly provides carbon veriﬁcation; carbon asset management; research and development of carbon
emission reduction, carbon conversion, carbon capture and carbon storage technologies; China certified voluntary emission
reduction services; natural science research and experimental development; engineering and technological research and
experimental development; technical services, technology development, technology consulting, technology exchange, technology
transfer, technology promotion; technology import and export; engineering technology services; production, storage and sales of
chemical products and hazardous chemicals; contract energy management; project investment; equity investment; ﬁnancial asset
management services; computer data processing and storage services; big data collection and application; intelligent design
consulting; enterprise management consulting and information technology consulting services.

The ﬁnancial asset, at FVOCI is classiﬁed as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, based on the unobservable inputs of the net asset
value. The lower the net asset value, the lower the fair value.



26. Loans Due from the Ultimate Holding Company
Loans due from the ultimate holding company are unsecured, repayable within one year and interest bearings as follows:

                                                                                            2022                             2021

 Loans due from the ultimate holding company                                       3.00% to 3.60%                           3.60%
190   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      27. Restricted Cash
                                                                                                2022                            2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Restricted cash

       – RMB                                                                                   82,916                        109,685


      Restricted cash mainly represented restricted funds frozen by the order of Justice, bank deposits for guarantees and deposit for
      farmers’ salaries.

      As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the weighted average effective interest rates per annum on restricted cash
      with maturities ranging from one to twelve months was determined in accordance with the interest rate per annum of bank current
      account.

      The maximum exposure to credit risk approximates to carrying amounts of the Group’s restricted cash at the end of the respective
      reporting periods.



      28. Time Deposits
                                                                                                2022                            2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Time deposits with initial term over three months:

       Time deposits in banks                                                               7,060,597                       6,701,030

       Time deposits in fellow subsidiaries                                                 1,993,084                       1,656,583

                                                                                            9,053,681                       8,357,613


                                                                                                2022                            2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Denominated in:

       – RMB                                                                                6,567,098                       6,239,654

       – USD                                                                                2,013,327                       1,694,342

       – MYR                                                                                  285,151                        276,323

       – KWD                                                                                  159,264                        147,294

       – EUR                                                                                   28,841                              –

                                                                                            9,053,681                       8,357,613


      The fellow subsidiaries are Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Limited.

      The effective interest rates per annum on time deposits, with maturities of three months to three years (2021: three months to
      three years), are approximately 0.50% to 5.20% as at 31 December 2021 (2021:0.16% to 4.13%).

      The maximum exposure to credit risk approximates to carrying amounts of the Group’s time deposits at the end of the respective
      reporting periods.
                                                                SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                  191




29. Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                          2022                           2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Cash at bank and in hand

 – less than three months time deposits                                               2,448,480                      1,220,933

 – cash deposits                                                                      6,911,272                      3,171,962

                                                                                      9,359,752                      4,392,895

 Deposits in fellow subsidiaries

 – less than three months time deposits                                                 173,998                       324,264

 – cash deposits                                                                      5,439,348                      5,588,017

                                                                                      5,613,346                      5,912,281

                                                                                     14,973,098                     10,305,176


                                                                                          2022                           2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Denominated in:

 – RMB                                                                               12,244,426                      7,163,971

 – USD                                                                                  753,018                      1,117,003

 – SAR                                                                                  654,062                       219,777

 – EUR                                                                                  540,027                       677,638

 – KWD                                                                                  191,516                       330,093

 – THB                                                                                   15,076                        23,640

 – MYR                                                                                   46,646                        58,837

 – RUB                                                                                  103,237                       561,753

 – IRR                                                                                  415,732                       149,798

 – Others                                                                                 9,358                          2,666

                                                                                     14,973,098                     10,305,176


The fellow subsidiaries are Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Limited.

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the weighted average effective interest rates per annum on cash at bank are
determined in accordance with the interest rate per annum of bank current account.

The effective interest rates per annum on deposits less than three months, with maturities of seven days to three months (2021:
seven days to three months), are approximately 0.00% to 4.50% as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 0.00% to 6.90%).

The maximum exposure to credit risk approximates the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
respective reporting periods.
192   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      30. Share Capital
                                                                      As at 31 December 2022                        As at 31 December 2021

                                                               Number of shares        Share capital      Number of shares            Share capital

                                                                                           RMB’ 000                                          RMB’ 000

       Registered, issued and fully paid

       – Domestic shares of RMB1.00 each(1)                        2,967,200,000           2,967,200            2,967,200,000            2,967,200

       – H Shares of RMB1.00 each                                  1,460,800,000           1,460,800             1,460,800,000           1,460,800

                                                                   4,428,000,000           4,428,000             4,428,000,000           4,428,000

      (1) The 2,967,200,000 domestic shares comprise as follows:
          (a) 2,907,856,000 shares are held by Sinopec Group; and
          (b) 59,344,000 shares are held by SAMC (a fellow subsidiary).



      31. The Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of
      Changes in Equity and Reserves of the Company
      (i) The statement of financial position of the Company
                                                                                                         2022                                   2021

                                                                                                   RMB’ 000                                  RMB’ 000

       ASSETS

       Non-current assets

       Property, plant and equipment                                                                   140,134                                135,181

       Right-of-use assets                                                                              55,212                                 76,925

       Intangible assets                                                                               121,844                                139,092

       Investment in subsidiaries                                                                  7,999,976                             7,920,086

       Deferred income tax assets                                                                        3,693                                  4,748

       Total non-current assets                                                                    8,320,859                             8,276,032

       Current assets

       Inventories                                                                                         66                                    116

       Notes and trade receivables                                                                      39,471                                 25,262

       Prepayments and other receivables                                                           1,042,914                             1,334,454

       Contract assets                                                                                  56,957                                 26,030

       Loans due from the ultimate holding company                                                20,500,000                            20,500,000

       Time deposits                                                                               6,955,217                             6,782,069

       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  10,124,234                             6,201,983

       Total current assets                                                                       38,718,859                            34,869,914

       Total assets                                                                               47,039,718                            43,145,946
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        193




31. The Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of
Changes in Equity and Reserves of the Company (Continued)
(i) The statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                          2022                                  2021

                                                                                      RMB’ 000                              RMB’ 000

 Equity

 Share capital                                                                        4,428,000                             4,428,000

 Reserves                                                                            14,605,039                         14,770,615

 Total equity                                                                        19,033,039                         19,198,615

 LIABILITIES

 Non-current liabilities

 Lease liabilities                                                                           –                                 6,156

 Retirement and other supplemental beneﬁt obligations                                     1,018                                1,494

 Total non-current liabilities                                                            1,018                                7,650

 Current liabilities

 Trade payables                                                                         506,578                              559,421

 Other payables                                                                      27,327,197                         23,168,563

 Contract liabilities                                                                    20,652                               46,931

 Lease liabilities                                                                        5,891                               22,575

 Current income tax liabilities                                                         145,343                              142,191

 Total current liabilities                                                           28,005,661                         23,939,681

 Total liabilities                                                                   28,006,679                         23,947,331

 Total equity and liabilities                                                        47,039,718                         43,145,946

 Net current assets                                                                  10,713,198                         10,930,233

 Total assets less current liabilities                                               19,034,057                         19,206,265


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 17 March 2023.




                        SUN Lili                          JIANG Dejun                                   JIA Yiqun
          Chairwoman of the Board                       Director, President                       Chief Financial Officer
194   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.             2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      31. The Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of
      Changes in Equity and Reserves of the Company (Continued)
      (ii) The statement of changes in equity of the Company
                                                                     Share       Capital         Statutory    Retained
                                                                    capital     reserve    surplus reserve    earnings          Total

                                                                  RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021                                          4,428,000   11,207,894         1,470,998   1,752,068     18,858,960

       Profit for the year                                               –            –                 –    1,589,370      1,589,370

       Other comprehensive income:

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
        actuarial gain and loss – gross                                  –            –                 –             4             4

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
        actuarial gain and loss – tax                                    –            –                 –            (1)           (1)

       Exchange differences arising on foreign operations                –            –                 –       (18,734)      (18,734)

       Total comprehensive income                                        –            –                 –    1,570,639      1,570,639

       Transactions with owners:

       Final dividends for 2020                                          –            –                 –     (828,036)      (828,036)

       Interim dividends for 2021                                        –            –                 –     (402,948)      (402,948)

       Transfer to Statutory surplus reserve                             –            –            35,181       (35,181)            –

       Total transactions with owners                                    –            –            35,181    (1,266,165)   (1,230,984)

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                     4,428,000   11,207,894         1,506,179   2,056,542     19,198,615

       Proﬁt for the year                                                –            –                 –    1,265,394      1,265,394

       Other comprehensive income:

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
        actuarial gain and loss – gross                                  –            –                 –          330           330

       Deﬁned beneﬁts obligation revaluation of
        actuarial gain and loss – tax                                    –            –                 –           (82)          (82)

       Exchange differences arising on foreign operations                –            –                 –       74,302        74,302

       Total comprehensive income                                        –            –                 –    1,339,944      1,339,944

       Transactions with owners:

       Final dividends for 2021                                          –            –                 –     (983,016)      (983,016)

       Interim dividends for 2022                                        –            –                 –     (522,504)      (522,504)

       Transfer to Statutory surplus reserve                             –            –           126,609     (126,609)             –

       Total transactions with owners                                    –            –           126,609    (1,632,129)   (1,505,520)

       At 31 December 2022                                        4,428,000   11,207,894        1,632,788    1,764,357     19,033,039
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.       2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      195




31. The Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of
Changes in Equity and Reserves of the Company (Continued)
(iii) Distributable profits
The distributable proﬁts of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                            2022                             2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

 Distributable proﬁts                                                                   1,764,357                        2,056,542



(iv) Statutory surplus reserve
In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the articles of association of the Company, it is required to
appropriate 10% of its net proﬁt determined in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Enterprises issued by the Ministry
of Finance of PRC, after offsetting any prior years’ losses, to the statutory surplus reserve. When the balance of such a reserve
reaches 50% of the respective companies registered capital, any further appropriation is optional. The reserve must be made
before distribution of dividends to shareholders.

The statutory surplus reserve can be used to offset prior years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into share capital by issuing
new shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholding or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held
by them, provided that the remaining balance of the reserve after such an issue is not less than 25% of registered capital. The
statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable.


(v) Capital reserve
Capital reserve arising from event-driven revaluation represented reserve recognised due to the revaluation arising from the
Reorganisation, being the excess of fair value over carrying value net of the deferred tax liabilities. Apart from the above
mentioned event-driven revaluation, capital reserve included transactions with holding company such as assets transferred from/
to Sinopec Group and also the share premium account and the fair value change arising from the ﬁnancial assets designated as a
fair value through other comprehensive income of associate.


(vi) Specific reserve
Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the State Administration of Work Safety of the PRC, the Group is required to set aside
an amount to a safety fund for its engineering and construction contracting business. The fund can be used for improvements
of safety at the worksite, and is not available for distribution to shareholders. Upon incurring qualifying safety expenditures, an
equivalent amount is transferred from safety fund to retained earnings.


(vii) Exchange translation reserve
Exchange translation reserve represents exchange differences arising on the translation of financial statements of foreign
operations and is treated according to accounting policies Note 3.5.
196   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      32. Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                                           2022                               2021

                                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000

       Total minimum lease payments:

       Due within one year                                                                                                64,933                            78,264

       Due in the second to ﬁfth years                                                                                    57,397                            73,278

       Due after the ﬁfth year                                                                                            18,538                            28,337

                                                                                                                         140,868                           179,879

       Future ﬁnance charges on leases liabilities                                                                       (11,798)                          (18,149)

       Present value of leases liabilities                                                                               129,070                           161,730

       Present value of minimum lease payments:

       Due within one year                                                                                                62,254                            73,489

       Due in the second to ﬁfth years                                                                                    51,048                            65,334

       Due after the ﬁfth year                                                                                            15,768                            22,907

                                                                                                                         129,070                           161,730

       Less:

       Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                                                    (62,254)                          (73,489)

       Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                                                  66,816                            88,241


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into a number of lease agreements for usage of residential
      properties, office and equipment for 1 to 20 years (2021: 1 to 20 years). The Group makes ﬁxed payments and additional variable
      payments depends on the usage of the buildings, plant and machinery, transportation equipment and other equipment during the
      contract period. On lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets included in property, plant equipment and
      lease liabilities amounting to RMB67,442,000 (2021: RMB115,232,000).

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the total cash outﬂows for the leases are RMB353,804,000 (2021: RMB402,619,000).


      Details of the lease activities
      As at 31 December 2022, the Group has entered into leases for office and staff quarter.

                           Types of                                      Financial statements items of                                        Range of remaining
                     right-of-use assets                                right-of-use assets included in                    Number of leases      lease term

       Office and staff quarter                            Building and other facilities carried at cost in “property,            98             1 to 10 years
                                                           plant and equipment”                                                (2021: 89)     (2021: 1 to 10 years)

       Land use rights in PRC                              Prepaid land use rights payments                                      131             21 to 60 years
                                                                                                                              (2021: 133)     (2021: 22 to 61 years)


      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at the lease commencement date.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                         197




33. Retirement and Other Supplemental Benefit Obligations
(a) State-managed retirement plan
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Chinese employees of the Group participate in employee social security plans
organised and administrated by the PRC government authority. The PRC companies are required to contribute from 14% to
19%, (2021: 14% to 19%) depending on the applicable legal regulations, of salaries, wages and bonuses to the state-managed
retirement plans. The obligation of these PRC companies with respect to the state-managed retirement plans is to make the
speciﬁed contributions (Note 16(1)).

The total costs charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
2021 are as follows:

                                                                                              2022                               2021

                                                                                          RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

 Contributions to state-managed retirement plan                                            799,657                             754,366




(b) Group employee retirement benefit plans
The Group has implemented a retirement beneﬁt plan to employees in the PRC who were retired on or before 30 June 2012.
Such supplementary pension subsidies are considered to be defined benefit plans as the Group is obligated to provide
post-employment beneﬁts to these employees.

According to the plans, such employees after retirement can enjoy retirement pension, welfare allowance, part of medical
expenses claim, living expenses and insurance and housing fund and other beneﬁts. The employees’ lifetime is guaranteed by the
plans.

The exposure to actuarial risks of the Group’s retirement beneﬁt plans include: discount rate risk, beneﬁt growth rate risk.

The Group is not obligated to provide post-employment beneﬁts to incumbent employees.

The most recent actuarial valuation as at 31 December 2022 was performed by an independent qualiﬁed actuarial ﬁrm: Towers
Watson Management Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch. The present value, related current service cost and past
service cost of the Group’s retirement beneﬁt plan obligation are prepared by qualiﬁed actuary using the projected unit credit
actuarial cost method.

(i) Discount rates adopted (per annum):
                                                                                              2022                               2021

 Retirement with honors beneﬁt plan                                                          2.50%                              2.50%

 Retirement beneﬁt plan                                                                      3.00%                              3.00%

 Early retirement beneﬁt plan                                                                2.50%                              2.50%


(ii) Benefit growth rates (per annum):
                                                                                              2022                               2021

 Retirement with honors beneﬁt plan                                                          2.00%                              1.70%

 Retirement beneﬁt plan                                                                      2.20%                              2.60%

 Early retirement beneﬁt plan                                                                2.10%                              1.70%
198   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.    2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      33. Retirement and Other Supplemental Benefit Obligations
      (Continued)
      (b) Group employee retirement benefit plans (Continued)
      (iii) Duration:
                                                                                                    2022                                    2021

       Retirement with honors beneﬁt plan                                                       5.0 years                            5.0 years

       Retirement beneﬁt plan                                                                  14.0 years                           14.0 years

       Early retirement beneﬁt plan                                                             3.0 years                            3.0 years


      The below sensitivity analysis details how the Group’s retirement benefit plan obligation as at the reporting date would have
      increased/(decreased) as a result of 0.25% reasonably possible increase or decrease assessed by management in each of the
      signiﬁcant actuarial assumptions:

                                                               As at 31 December 2022                       As at 31 December 2021
                                                           Increase/(decrease) in retirement            Increase/(decrease) in retirement
                                                                benefit plan obligation                      beneﬁt plan obligation

                                                              Increase in           Decrease in             Increase in           Decrease in
                                                             assumption             assumption              assumption            assumption

                                                                RMB’ 000               RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000                RMB’ 000

       Discount rates                                             (39,613)               41,179                (46,544)                48,454

       Beneﬁt growth rates                                         39,508                (38,189)               46,397                (44,790)


      The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in an actuarial assumption while holding all other actuarial assumptions
      constant. Also, it is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions are not correlated.

      (iv) Mortality: Average life expectancy of residents in the PRC.

      (v) Benefit costs paid to the retirees are assumed to continue until the death of the retirees.
                                                                   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                      199




33. Retirement and Other Supplemental Benefit Obligations
(Continued)
(b) Group employee retirement benefit plans (Continued)
The total costs of retirement beneﬁt plans in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                           Retirement
                                                          with honors          Retirement    Early retirement
                                                          benefit plan        benefit plan       benefit plan                Total

                                                            RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

 For the year ended 31 December 2021

 Service costs:

   Past service cost                                                 –                  –             22,099               22,099

 Net interest expenses                                          1,232              64,097              4,111               69,440

 Immediate recognition of actuarial losses                           –                  –             11,919               11,919

 Beneﬁt cost recognised in proﬁt or loss                        1,232              64,097             38,129              103,458

 Revaluation of net benefit obligation liabilities

 Actuarial revaluation of economic assumptions change             576              62,382                  –               62,958

 Actuarial revaluation of other assumptions change              (4,091)           (37,036)                 –               (41,127)

 Beneﬁt cost recognised in other comprehensive income           (3,515)            25,346                  –               21,831

 Total beneﬁt cost recognised consolidated statement of
   comprehensive income                                         (2,283)            89,443             38,129              125,289

 For the year ended 31 December 2022

 Service costs:

   Past service cost                                                 –                  –              3,532                 3,532

 Net interest expenses                                            717              57,101              3,087               60,905

 Immediate recognition of actuarial losses                           –                  –              7,749                 7,749

 Beneﬁt cost recognised in proﬁt or loss                          717              57,101             14,368               72,186

 Revaluation of net benefit obligation liabilities

 Actuarial revaluation of economic assumptions change             286             (62,610)                 –               (62,324)

 Actuarial revaluation of other assumptions change              6,747             (45,512)                 –               (38,765)

 Beneﬁt cost recognised in other comprehensive income           7,033            (108,122)                 –              (101,089)

 Total beneﬁt cost recognised in the consolidated
   statement of comprehensive income                            7,750             (51,021)            14,368               (28,903)


The Group’s beneﬁt plans do not include incumbent employees. No current service cost of each beneﬁt plan incurred during each
ﬁnancial period. Meanwhile, the Group’s beneﬁt plans do not provide reserve of plan assets, therefore, there is no reserve of
earnings from plan assets during each ﬁnancial year.

Service cost and net interest expenses are recognised in employment beneﬁts, part of the administrative expenses and ﬁnance
expenses of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Revaluation of net liabilities of beneﬁt obligation is recognised
as other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income.
200   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                   2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      33. Retirement and Other Supplemental Benefit Obligations
      (Continued)
      (b) Group employee retirement benefit plans (Continued)
      As at the end of each reporting period, no assets reserve is under the Group’s beneﬁt plans. The net liabilities of retirement beneﬁt
      plan obligations are recognised in the consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position as follows:

                                                                                                         2022                        2021

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                    RMB’ 000

       Net liabilities of retirement beneﬁt plan obligation                                          1,913,763                  2,154,036


      The movement of retirement beneﬁt plan obligation as follows:

                                                                           Retirement
                                                                          with honors      Retirement      Early retirement
                                                                          benefit plan    benefit plan         benefit plan          Total

                                                                            RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021                                                       45,366       2,049,536              157,887      2,252,789

       Past service cost                                                             –              –               22,099         22,099

       Net interest expenses                                                    1,232          64,097                4,111         69,440

       Immediate recognition of actuarial gains                                      –              –               11,919         11,919

       Revaluation gain/(loss):

       Actuarial revaluation of economic assumptions change                        576         62,382                    –         62,958

       Actuarial revaluation of other assumptions change                        (4,091)       (37,036)                   –        (41,127)

       Direct beneﬁt paid by the Group                                        (11,251)       (160,863)             (51,928)      (224,042)

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                  31,832       1,978,116              144,088      2,154,036

       Past service cost                                                             –              –                3,532          3,532

       Net interest expenses                                                       717         57,101                3,087         60,905

       Immediate recognition of actuarial losses                                     –              –                7,749          7,749

       Revaluation gain/(loss):

       Actuarial revaluation of economic assumptions change                        286        (62,610)                   –        (62,324)

       Actuarial revaluation of other assumptions change                        6,747         (45,512)                   –         (38,765)

       Direct beneﬁt paid by the Group                                          (9,119)      (152,404)             (49,847)      (211,370)

       At 31 December 2022                                                     30,463       1,774,691              108,609      1,913,763


      The Group has no reserve of plan assets, no capital injection of plan assets is established and no future contribution is arranged.
                                                                 SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                               201




34. Provision for Litigation Claims
                                                                                               2022                   2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000

 Beginning of the year                                                                    181,292                  186,593

 Exchange difference                                                                          4,876                  (4,014)

 Payment                                                                                      (1,897)                (1,287)

 End of the year                                                                          184,271                  181,292


The amounts represented the provision provided by a subsidiary of the Group for litigation.

The subsidiary of the Group has been sued during Year 2007 to Year 2009 due to a construction contract disputes and the
case is ongoing process. The management of the Group has calculated all provision for the expected compensation incurred in
accordance with the progress and solutions of the case.

For the years ended December 2022 and 2021, no additional provision for litigation claims is provided.



35. Notes and Trade Payables
                                                                                               2022                   2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000

 Trade payables

 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                    306,790                 1,064,598

 – Associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                            232                    240

 – Joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                        635                  1,769

 – Associates                                                                                    48                  1,477

 – Third parties                                                                       17,442,700                17,298,198

                                                                                       17,750,405                18,366,282

 Notes payables                                                                         2,041,792                 2,023,775

 Notes and trade payables                                                              19,792,197                20,390,057


The carrying amounts of the Group’s notes and trade payables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 approximate
their fair values.
202   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.      2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      35. Notes and Trade Payables (Continued)
      Ageing analysis of notes and trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                               2022         2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

       Within 1 year                                                                      16,452,797   16,232,436

       Between 1 and 2 years                                                               1,521,141    2,100,996

       Between 2 and 3 years                                                                 883,714    1,116,808

       Over 3 years                                                                          934,545     939,817

                                                                                          19,792,197   20,390,057


      The carrying amounts of notes and trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                               2022         2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

       RMB                                                                                18,615,829   19,530,933

       USD                                                                                    48,337      55,447

       SAR                                                                                   614,264     392,183

       RUB                                                                                   100,877     206,706

       KWD                                                                                   347,111      63,654

       MYR                                                                                    36,173      94,149

       AED                                                                                    12,757      30,195

       THB                                                                                     2,745      11,318

       Others                                                                                 14,104        5,472

                                                                                          19,792,197   20,390,057
                                                                           SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                        203




36. Other Payables
                                                                                                   2022                         2021

                                                                                               RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

 Salaries payables                                                                               457,724                     422,844

 Other taxation payables                                                                         802,300                     612,686

 Output value-added tax to be recognised                                                           2,682                       5,964

 Payable of separation and transfer of “Water/electricity/gas supply and
   property management”                                                                            8,360                      21,834

 Deposits and guarantee deposits payables                                                         72,117                      71,677

 Advanced payables                                                                             1,049,747                     968,843

 Rent, property management and maintenance payables                                              116,537                      93,507

 Contracts payables                                                                              419,668                     351,170

 Amounts due to ultimate holding company    (1)
                                                                                                    209                          192

 Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries(1)                                                            68,598                     264,958

 Amounts due to a joint venture(1)                                                                   71                           71

 Amounts due to joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries(1)                                            241                            –

 Amounts due to associates of fellow subsidiaries(1)                                                888                          888

 Interest payables                                                                                    –                          214

 Others                                                                                           94,291                      71,978

 Total other payables                                                                          3,093,433                    2,886,826

Note:
(1)   Amounts due to related parties are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


The carrying amounts of the Group’s other payables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 approximate their fair
values.
204   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.               2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      37. Deferred Income Tax
      Deferred income tax assets recognised:

                                                                                                         2022                  2021

                                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

       Deferred income tax assets                                                                      769,229               843,162


      Deferred income tax liabilities recognised:

                                                                                                         2022                  2021

                                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

       Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                   2,091                     –


      The gross movement on the deferred income tax account is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022                  2021

                                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

       At the beginning of the year                                                                    843,162               709,030

       Credited/(charged) to equity for deﬁned beneﬁt obligations revaluation of
         actuarial gain or loss                                                                        (20,960)                3,591

       Tax credited/(charged) to proﬁt for the year (Note 12)                                          (55,064)              130,541

       At the end of the year                                                                          767,138               843,162


      The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, without taking
      into consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:


      Deferred income tax assets/liabilities
                                               Provision for retirement
                                               and other supplemental                Provision for
                                                     benefit obligation       impairment on assets                Others       Total

                                                                RMB’ 000                 RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021                                         368,211                  311,825                 28,994     709,030

       Credited/(Charged) to:

       Loss/(Proﬁt) for the year                                 (15,899)                 147,506                 (1,066)    130,541

       Equity                                                      3,591                         –                     –       3,591

       At 31 December 2021 and
          1 January 2022                                         355,903                  459,331                 27,928     843,162

       Credited/(Charged) to:

       Loss/(Proﬁt) for the year                                 (45,381)                   (9,286)                 (397)    (55,064)

       Equity                                                    (20,960)                        –                     –     (20,960)

       At 31 December 2022                                       289,562                  450,045                 27,531     767,138
                                                                    SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.   2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                    205




37. Deferred Income Tax (Continued)
Deferred income tax assets not recognised
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried-forward to the extent that the realisation of the related income
tax beneﬁts through the future taxable proﬁts is probable. In accordance with the PRC tax law applicable to those companies in
their respective jurisdictions, tax losses may be carried forward against future taxable income. Deferred income tax assets not
recognised in the Group is as follows:

                                                                                            2022                           2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                         896,098                       959,394


The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets as the management believes it is not likely that such tax losses would be
realised before they expire. The tax loss for which no deferred income tax assets recognised mentioned would be expired in ﬁve
years.



38. Loan Due to a Fellow Subsidiary
Loan due to a fellow subsidiary is unsecured, repayable within one year and interest bearing at 2.16% to 2.99% (2021: 1% to
2.16%) per annum. The fellow subsidiary is Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Limited.



39. Commitments
(a) Capital commitments
Capital commitments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment outstanding as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December
2021 not provided for in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements are as follows:

                                                                                            2022                           2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Contracted but not provided for

 – Property, plant and equipment                                                           22,424                         6,922


(b) Operating leasing commitments
At the reporting date, the lease commitments for short-term leases are as follows:

                                                                                            2022                           2021

                                                                                        RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

 Less than 1 year                                                                          43,140                        58,100


As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group leases a number of residential properties, offices and equipment
with a lease period of 6 to 12 months, which are qualiﬁed to be accounted for under short-term lease exemption under IFRS 16.
206   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      40. Cash Generated from Operations
                                                                                                          2022                                  2021

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000

       Profit before taxation                                                                        2,762,276                          2,592,407

       Adjustments for:

       Provision for ECL on trade and other receivables and contract assets, net                        48,669                            993,422

       Provision for impairment on inventories                                                          27,849                                     –

       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                   700,138                            640,524

       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             172,862                            169,774

       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                43,011                             63,823

       Net gains on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                                  (3,193)                          (51,342)

       Net (gains)/losses on disposal/write-off land use rights                                           (140)                                  163

       Losses/(gains) on separation and transfer of property, plant and equipment
         and land use rights                                                                               700                             (5,949)

       Interest income                                                                               (1,008,528)                         (954,622)

       Interest expense                                                                                 73,491                             82,796

       Exchange (gains)/losses, net                                                                   (229,800)                            82,990

       Share of loss/(proﬁt) of a joint arrangement                                                         76                             (1,448)

       Share of proﬁt of associates                                                                    (16,502)                            (9,235)

       Cash flows from operating activities before changes in working capital                        2,570,909                          3,603,303

       Changes in working capital:

       – Inventories                                                                                  (305,413)                           868,191

       – Contract assets                                                                               470,584                         (1,698,568)

       – Contract liabilities                                                                        5,443,226                          1,974,818

       – Notes, trade and other receivables                                                           (584,321)                           242,293

       – Notes, trade and other payables                                                              (896,655)                        (1,725,123)

       – Restricted cash                                                                                26,769                            (73,024)

       Cash generated from operations                                                                6,725,099                          3,191,890




      41.Contingencies
      The Group has been named in a number of lawsuits and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
      Provisions have been made for the probable losses to the Group on those claims when management can reasonably estimate
      the outcome of the lawsuits based on management’s judgments and the legal advice. No provision has been made for pending
      lawsuits when the outcome of the lawsuits cannot be reasonably estimated or management believes the outﬂow of resources is
      not probable.

      It is not anticipated that any material liabilities will arise from the contingent liabilities other than those provided for (Note 34).
                                                                     SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.         2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                            207




42. Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
Parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control or jointly control the
party or exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the party in making ﬁnancial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group
and the party are subject to control or common control. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management
personnel, signiﬁcant shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the
signiﬁcant inﬂuence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-employment beneﬁt plans which
are for the beneﬁt of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party of the Group.

In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in this report, the following is a summary of signiﬁcant related party
transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business between the Group and its related parties during the year ended 31
December 2022 and 2021 and balances as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

The transactions with related parties are carried out on pricing and settlement terms agreed with counter parties in the ordinary
course of business.


(a) Significant related party transactions and year end balances arising with the Sinopec
Group, fellow subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries and associates of
fellow subsidiaries:
                                                                                                 2022                              2021

                                                                                            RMB’ 000                           RMB’ 000

 Construction and services provided to

 – Ultimate holding company                                                                        75                             2,528

 – Joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                    1,165,901                         4,271,409

 – Associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                        2,678,109                         1,825,310

 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                     27,384,967                        31,687,423

 – Associates                                                                                  16,613                            31,909

 – Joint ventures                                                                                   –                               236

                                                                                           31,245,665                        37,818,815

 Construction and services received from

 – Ultimate holding company                                                                     9,837                            19,236

 – Joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                        2,225                             3,378

 – Associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                            1,042                             1,487

 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                      5,300,459                         3,574,878

 – Associates                                                                                  15,182                            13,962

                                                                                            5,328,745                         3,612,941

 Technology research and development provided to

 – Ultimate holding company                                                                    10,283                            23,098

 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                          5,523                            40,486

 – Associates                                                                                 198,356                            87,848

                                                                                              214,162                           151,432
208   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.              2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      42. Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
      (Continued)
      (a) Significant related party transactions and year end balances arising with the Sinopec
      Group, fellow subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries and associates of
      fellow subsidiaries: (Continued)
                                                                                                 2022                            2021

                                                                                             RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       General services provided to

       – Joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries                                                    294                           1,656

       – Associates of fellow subsidiaries                                                         41                               –

       – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                     6,982                          4,804

                                                                                                 7,317                          6,460

       General services received from

       – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                   48,391                          61,742

       Interest income on loans

       – Ultimate holding company                                                             693,529                         711,024

       Interest expense on borrowings

       – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                     5,658                          4,323

       Expenses in relation to settlement and other financial services

       – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                     3,281                          1,835

       Deposit interest income from fellow subsidiaries                                        87,850                          55,500


                                                                                                 2022                            2021

                                                                                             RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

       Deposits and time deposits placed in fellow subsidiaries                              7,606,431                       7,568,864


      The majority of these signiﬁcant related party transactions with Sinopec Group and fellow subsidiaries also constitute continuing
      connected transactions as deﬁned under Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.
                                                                  SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.          2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       209




42. Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances
(Continued)
(a) Significant related party transactions and year end balances arising with the Sinopec
Group, fellow subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries and associates of
fellow subsidiaries: (Continued)
Apart from transactions with Sinopec Group, fellow subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures of fellow subsidiaries and associates of
fellow subsidiaries, the Group has transactions with other state-owned enterprises including but not limited to the following:

–         Sales and purchases of goods and services;

–         Purchases of assets;

–         Lease of assets; and

–         Bank deposits and borrowings.

In the ordinary course of business, the Group sells goods and services to, and purchase goods and services from other state-
owned enterprises based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, market price or actual cost incurred, or as mutually
agreed.

In the ordinary course of business, the Group places deposits and borrowings mainly in state-owned ﬁnancial institutions. The
deposits and borrowings are in accordance with terms as set out in the respective agreement, and the interest rates are set at
prevailing market rates.

Apart from the disclosure of loans due from the ultimate holding company in Note 26, trade receivables, prepayments and other
receivables are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


(b) Key management personnel remuneration
Key management includes directors, supervisors, and other key management personnel to the Board of Directors. The
compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                             2022                             2021

                                                                                         RMB’ 000                         RMB’ 000

    Fee                                                                                       600                              600

    Basic salaries, other allowances and beneﬁts-in-kind                                     3,634                           4,476

    Discretionary bonus (i)                                                                 12,055                           7,623

    Contributions to pension plans                                                           2,458                           1,310

                                                                                            18,747                          14,009


(i)       The Group determines and pays discretionary bonus based on the actual ﬁnancial results and performance of employee.
210   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      43. Reconciliations of Liabilities Arising from Financing
      Activities
      The changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activities can be classiﬁed as follows:

                                                                                               Loans due to
                                                                                        a fellow subsidiary   Lease liabilities

                                                                                                 RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

       At 1 January 2021                                                                           163,123            163,943

       Cash-ﬂow:

       – Drawdown                                                                                  173,841                   –

       – Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                           –             (93,407)

       – Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                          –              (8,578)

       – Repayment                                                                                (269,483)                  –

       Non-cash:

       – Entered into new lease                                                                          –             91,721

       – Interest expenses                                                                               –               8,578

       – Modiﬁcation                                                                                     –                (514)

       – Exchange difference                                                                        (3,724)                (13)

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                       63,757            161,730

       Cash-flow:

       – Drawdown                                                                                   61,892                   –

       – Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                           –           (112,462)

       – Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                          –              (6,616)

       Non-cash:

       – Entered into new lease                                                                          –             88,343

       – Interest expenses                                                                               –               6,616

       – Modification                                                                                    –             (10,028)

       – Exchange difference                                                                        16,323               1,487

       At 31 December 2022                                                                         141,972            129,070
                                                                                       SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                               211




44. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries
As at 31 December 2022, the Company has direct and indirect interests in the following principal subsidiaries:

                                                                                                          Effective interest held

                                                                                       Registered and
                                            Establishment/Place of incorporation            fully paid                                              Principal activities and
 Name                                       and type of legal entity                           capital   Direct held   Indirect held                     place of operation

                                                                                            RMB’000

 SEI (中國石化工程建設有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 500,000         100%                  –   Engineering contracting, engineering
                                                                                                                                                   and consulting/The PRC

 LPEC (中石化洛陽工程有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 500,000         100%                  –   Engineering contracting, engineering
                                                                                                                                                   and consulting/The PRC

 SSEC (中石化上海工程有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 500,000         100%                  –   Engineering contracting, engineering
                                                                                                                                                   and consulting/The PRC

 SNEC (中石化寧波工程有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 500,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting, design,
                                                                                                                                         equipment manufacturing/The PRC

 SNEI (中石化南京工程有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 556,005         100%                  –       Engineering contracting, design/
                                                                                                                                                                  The PRC

 FCC (中石化第四建設有限公司)                          The PRC/Limited liability company                 350,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting/The PRC

 SFCC (中石化第五建設有限公司)                         The PRC/Limited liability company                 350,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting/The PRC

 TCC (中石化第十建設有限公司)                          The PRC/Limited liability company                 350,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting/The PRC

 Sinopec Guangzhou Engineering Co., Ltd.    The PRC/Limited liability company                 300,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting/The PRC
    (中石化廣州工程有限公司)

 Ningbo Institute                           The PRC/Limited liability company                  10,000         100%                  –           Technical services/The PRC
    (中石化寧波技術研究院有限公司)

 Sinopec Heavy Lifting and Transportation   The PRC/Limited liability company                 500,000         100%                  –      Engineering contracting technical
    Co., Ltd. (中石化重型起重運輸工程有限                                                                                                                 service, equipment selling and
    責任公司)                                                                                                                                                  leasing/The PRC

 Sinopec Engineering Group Saudi Arabia     Saudi Arabia/Limited liability company             33,558         100%                  –               Engineering contracting/
    Co., Ltd. (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有                                                         (SAR18,000,000)                                                         Saudi Arabia
    限公司沙特公司)

 Sinopec Engineering Group America, L.L.C   United States/Limited liability company            3,075          100%                  –               Engineering contracting,
    (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公司美                                                                 (USD500,000)                                                        engineering and
    國公司)                                                                                                                                            consulting/United States

 Sinopec Energy-Saving Technology Service The PRC/Limited liability company                   500,000         100%                  –         Technical service, contractual
    Co., Ltd (中石化節能技術服務有限公司)                                                                                                                      energy management and
                                                                                                                                             engineering research/The PRC

 Sinopec Engineering Group Russia L.L.C.    Russia/Limited liability company                   9,804          100%                  –               Engineering contracting,
    (中石化煉化工程集團俄羅斯子公司)                                                                 (USD1,500,000)                                                       engineering and
                                                                                                                                                          consulting/Russia

 SINOPEC Engineering Group Malaysia SDN Malaysia/Limited liability company                     5,158          100%                  –      Engineering contracting/Malaysia
    BHD (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份有限公                                                             (MYR3,607,000)
    司馬來西亞公司)

 Sinopec Shanghai Pharmaceutical Industry   The PRC/Limited liability company                   8,000             –           100%             Medicine, pesticide, chemical
    Designing Institute Co., Ltd. (中石化上海                                                                                                                 research/The PRC
    醫藥工業設計研究院有限公司)

 Shanghai Petrochemical Machine      The PRC/Limited liability company                        133,640             –           100%                 Petrochemical equipment
    Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (上海石化機械製                                                                                                                manufacturing/The PRC
    造有限公司)

 Ningbo Tianyi Equipment Technology Co.,    The PRC/Limited liability company                  60,000             –           100%                Petrochemical equipment
    Ltd. (寧波天翼裝備技術有限公司)                                                                                                                          design, manufacturing and
                                                                                                                                                       installation/The PRC

 Ningbo Tianyi Petrochemical Heavy          The PRC/Limited liability company                  60,000             –            97%                 Petrochemical equipment
    Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                     manufacturing and
    (寧波天翼石化重型設備製造有限公司)                                                                                                                                  installation/The PRC

 SINOPEC Engineering Group (Thailand)       Thailand/Limited liability company                    356             –           100%         Engineering contracting/Thailand
    Co., Ltd. (中石化煉化工程（集團）股份                                                           (THB2,000,000)
    有限公司泰國公司)
212   SINOPEC ENGINEERING (GROUP) CO., LTD.        2022 ANNUAL REPORT




      44. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries (Continued)
      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the
      period or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
      the directors, results in particulars of excessive length.



      45. Comparative Figures
      Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform the current year’s presentation of the consolidated financial
      statements.
Address: Building 8, Shenggujiayuan, Shenggu Middle Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC
Postcode: 100029
Web: www.segroup.cn
Email: seg.ir@sinopec.com




    Printed on environmentally friendly paper
