 2022
Annual Report
                                                                             IMPORTANT NOTICE


I.     THE BOARD AND THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE OF THE COMPANY AND THE
       DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT WARRANT
       THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS HEREIN AND
       CONFIRM THAT THERE ARE NO MISREPRESENTATIONS OR MISLEADING STATEMENTS
       CONTAINED IN, OR MATERIAL OMISSIONS FROM, THIS ANNUAL REPORT, AND ACCEPT
       SEVERAL AND JOINT LEGAL RESPONSIBILITIES.

II.    THE COMPANY MADE NO PROFIT AT THE TIME OF LISTING AND HAS NOT BEEN YET
       PROFITABLE

       □ Yes    ✓ No


III.   WARNING OF SIGNIFICANT RISKS

       For the description of relevant risks, please refer to Section IV “Management Discussion and Analysis and
       Report of the Directors” of this report.


IV.    ALL DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY ATTENDED THE BOARD MEETING.

V.     BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP ISSUED A STANDARD
       UNQUALIFIED AUDIT REPORT FOR THE COMPANY. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, ALL THE
       DATA PRESENTED IN THIS REPORT ARE DENOMINATED IN RMB.

VI.    ZHOU ZHILIANG, PERSON-IN-CHARGE OF THE COMPANY, LI LIANQING, CHIEF FINANCIAL
       OFFICER, AND ZHANG SHIHU, HEAD OF THE FINANCIAL DEPARTMENT (PERSON IN CHARGE
       OF ACCOUNTING), CONFIRM THAT THE FINANCIAL REPORT IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT IS
       TRUE, ACCURATE AND COMPLETE.

VII. PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR RESERVES-TO-EQUITY TRANSFER PLAN DURING THE
     REPORTING PERIOD AS CONSIDERED BY THE BOARD

       As considered by the 12th meeting of the fourth session of the Board of the Company, the Company plans
       to distribute cash dividend of RMB1.7 (including tax) to all Shareholders for every 10 shares based on the
       total share capital of 10,589,819,000 shares on 31 December 2022, totaling RMB1,800,269,230. The profit
       distribution plan needs to be considered and approved by the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting.


VIII. WHETHER THERE ARE IMPORTANT MATTERS SUCH AS SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable
IMPORTANT NOTICE


IX.   DISCLAIMER OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


      This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on some subjective judgements and prospective
      assumptions with precedent conditions to the domestic and overseas economic trends and macro policies in
      the future. The judgements and assumptions may change under the influence of constraints. The final results
      or trends may differ from these forward-looking statements.


      The forward-looking statements included in this report in relation to future plans, development strategies, etc.
      do not constitute any substantive commitment to investors by the Company. Investors should be aware of
      investment risks.


X.    WHETHER THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OR ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE
      MISAPPROPRIATED THE COMPANY’S FUNDS FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR BUSINESS
      No


XI.   WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS PROVIDED EXTERNAL GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF ANY
      PRESCRIBED DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES
      No


XII. WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS MORE THAN HALF OF THE DIRECTORS THAT CAN NOT
     GUARANTEE THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF THE ANNUAL
     REPORT DISCLOSED BY THE COMPANY
      No


XIII. OTHERS

      □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable
                                                                                             CONTENTS


Section I      Definitions                                                                                        2


Section II     Chairman’s Statement                                                                               4


Section III    Basic Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators                                           8


Section IV     Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Directors                                    16


Section V      Corporate Governance                                                                              88


Section VI     Environmental and Social Responsibilities and Other Corporate Governance Matters                 159


Section VII    Significant Events                                                                               181


Section VIII   Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders                                                218


Section IX     Particulars of Preference Shares                                                                 233


Section X      Particulars of Bonds                                                                             234


Section XI     Financial Report                                                                                 240


Section XII    Five-year Financial Summary                                                                      546




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   1
    SECTION I
    DEFINITIONS
    I.     DEFINITIONS

    Unless otherwise stated in the context, the following terms should have the following meanings in this report:


    Definitions of Common Words

    A share(s)                          ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of
                                        RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the SSE and traded in RMB


    Board                               the board of directors of the Company


    China or the PRC                    the People’s Republic of China, which for the purposes of this report excludes
                                        Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan


    CRSC or our Company or              China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited* (中國鐵路通信信號
         Company                        股份有限公司)


    CRSC Group                          China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited (中國鐵
                                        路通信信號集團有限公司), the controlling shareholder of the Company


    Director(s)                         the director(s) of the Company


    SASAC                               the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State
                                        Council of China (中國國務院國有資產監督管理委員會)


    CSRC                                China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會)


    Group                               the Company and its subsidiaries


    SSE                                 the Shanghai Stock Exchange


    Hong Kong Stock Exchange            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


    CNRG                                China National Railway Group Co., Ltd. (中國國家鐵路集團有限公司)


    Reporting Period                    the year ended 31 December 2022


    CAM                                 China Association of Metros (中國城市軌道交通協會)


    ATO                                 Automatic Train Operation, the automatic train operation system, a system that
                                        automatically adjusts the speed and operation status of trains to automatically
                                        control a train’s operation


    ATP                                 Automatic Train Protection, the automatic train protection equipment that
                                        automatically brakes train when it exceeds speed limits


2   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                                         SECTION I
                                                                                                       DEFINITIONS

CBTC                                   Communication Based Train Control System, train control system for urban
                                       transit, the wireless communication-based automatic train control system, a
                                       wireless communication system for urban transit that enables bidirectional
                                       communication between vehicle and ground facilities to control the operation of
                                       trains


CIPS                                   Computer Integrated Processing System, automation system of the freight
                                       marshalling yard, a system for centralized supervision and control of marshalling
                                       yard operations


CTCS                                   Chinese Train Control System, developed by China for ensuring the safe
                                       operation of trains, which is divided into 0 to 4 levels based on function and
                                       equipment configuration according to the operational requirements of different
                                       lines. The higher the level, the faster the train speed applied and the higher the
                                       technical difficulty


EPC                                    Engineering Procurement Construction, the whole process or certain stages
                                       of the contract entrusted by the owner to the Company to carry out the design,
                                       procurement, construction, and trial operation of the construction project in
                                       accordance with the contract


ITCS                                   Incremental Train Control System, an enhanced train control system, which is
                                       currently applied to the Qinghai-Tibet Railway


MATC                                   Magnetic Automatic Train Control, medium and low speed maglev control
                                       system, an automatic control system for moving block trains based on cross
                                       induction loops, suitable for medium and low speed maglev trains


RBC                                    Radio Blocking Center, the ground core equipment of the CTCS-3 system to
                                       generate control information on the driving permission, line description and
                                       temporary speed limit for the controlled train according to the train status
                                       provided by the train ATP, the interlock path status provided by the interlock
                                       device, the track occupation status, and the temporary line speed limit command
                                       provided by the TSRS and transmit such information to the on-board ATP
                                       through the GSM-R network to control the driving status of the train


TACS                                   Train Autonomous Circumambulation System, the automatic train operation
                                       system, a signal system for a train to realize autonomous resource management
                                       and active interval protection based on the operation plan and real-time location
                                       of the train

Note: In this report, figures shown as totals in different ways may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding them,
      which are due to rounding adjustments.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022     3
    SECTION II               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear shareholders:


    2022 was an extremely important year in the history of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and China. The 20th
    National Congress of the CPC was successfully convened and the entire Party and the Chinese people of all
    ethnic groups embarked on a new journey to build China into a modern socialist country through a Chinese path to
    modernization. 2022 was also a year for CRSC to deeply implement the “14th Five-Year” strategic plan and speed
    up in reform and development. During the year, CRSC adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism
    with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, deeply studied and implemented the spirit of the 20th National Congress
    of the CPC, seized on the new development stage and completely, accurately and comprehensively implemented
    the new development concept. It focused on principal responsibilities and businesses, adopted technology-
    driven approach, continuously propelled reform and breakthroughs, innovation and upgrading to enhance the core
    competitiveness of the Company.


    In 2022, we sped up in achieving full independence with respect to high technology and promoted high-quality
    development with technological innovation to achieve new breakthroughs. Focusing on world-level cutting-edge
    technologies, the main economic fields, the country’s critical needs, and the people’s health, the Company deeply
    implemented the Outline of the National Innovation-Driven Development Strategy and the Program of Building
    National Strength in Transportation and the strategy of “leading science and technology”. With “consolidating its
    leading position in the industry, ensuring safety and quality, supporting business expansion and promoting the
    transformation of internationalization” as the center, the Company simultaneously promoted the coordinated
    technological and institutional innovation, continuously enhanced scientific and technological innovation capacity
    and level, and propelled the high-quality development of the Company with scientific and technological innovation.
    The Company accelerated the process to make breakthroughs in core technologies and RMB1.874 billion was
    utilized for R&D purposes last year. The breakthrough results were applied in Anqing-Jiujiang High-speed Railway
    and metro lines in Xi’an and Changsha. It carried out researches on key reserve technology in the signaling and
    communications system of Sichuan-Tibet Railway, electromagnetic environmental effects of rail transportation, key
    5G technology of rail transportation and other fundamental and forward-looking researches. The Company deeply
    advanced the transformation of achievements in scientific and technological innovation. The high-speed maglev
    train operation control system was put into testing on-site in the Yanggao test line in Datong, Shanxi. The new
    train control system guaranteed the successful opening of Ruoqiang-Hetian Railway in Xinjiang. The collaborative
    transportation and service system of regional rail transportation conducted demonstration application in Jiangtiao
    Section. The high-density automatic operation control technology for ad-hoc network of heavy-haul train won the
    bidding for Baotou-Shenmu Railway of China Shenhua. The fully autonomous moving blocking system based on
    BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) completed joint commissioning and testing in Pingmei Group. The fully




4   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION II               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


automatic coupling and uncoupling function was opened for application in Zhengzhou-Xuchang intercity railways.
The research results of the “key technology for digital transformation in the operation and maintenance of the
train control system of super-large metros and its application” have been applied in Shanghai and Kunming. The
Branch Technical Committee of the National Standardization Committee of Communication Signal for Railways was
established in CRSC and it released the national standard system on communication signal for railways. 4 standards
formulated under the leadership of the Company have been officially established by the International Organization
for Standardization and the International Electrotechnical Commission and 2 standards have been officially released
by the International Electrotechnical Commission, representing breakthroughs in leading the releasing of the first
international standard. The Company actively carried out the construction of high-level sci-tech innovation platforms.
The “Engineering Research Center for Intelligent Control on Train Autonomous Operation in Railway Industry”
was unveiled for operation. It vigorously applied for national innovation platforms. One state-accredited enterprise
technology center, one innovation base for “Innovation China”, two national railway engineering research centers,
and two world-class model enterprises and “specialized and new” model enterprises established by the SASAC were
newly added.


In 2022, we actively demonstrated the undertaking as a central enterprise and opened a new chapter of high-quality
development with practical efforts and tangible results. The Company made concerted efforts to meet challenges
head-on in solidarity, steadily improved the development quality and accelerated the establishment of a world-class
enterprise with excellent products, outstanding brands, leading innovation and modern governance. It served key
transportation construction in China and successfully opened Hangzhou-Shaoxing-Taizhou High-speed Railway,
Huanggang-Huangmei High-speed Railway, Huzhou-Hangzhou High-speed Railway and other key projects,
supporting the establishment of the asterisk shape high-speed railway network in China and improved the main
high-speed railway of the “eight vertical and eight horizontal lines (八縱八橫)”. It opened Nanjing Metro Line S8,
Hangzhou Metro Line 19, Xi’an Metro Line 6 and other key urban rail transit projects with high standards. The
Company was awarded 11 awards, including the National Quality Engineering Award, as well as 3 Luban prizes and
1 Tien-yow Jeme Civil Engineering Prize during the year. It promoted the joint construction of “the Belt and Road”.
The Beno section of Hungary-Serbia Railway was successfully opened; the 10th of Ramadan Railway was opened
with high standards; the Yawan High Speed Railway was successfully demonstrated at the G20 Summit; the Novi
Sad-Subotica section of the Hungary-Serbia Railway, the double-track railway in Thailand, the Mexico City Metro
and other key projects were under orderly progress. The Company safeguarded the safe and stable operation of rail
transit lines. It completed tasks on guaranteeing services for the key engineering projects of 20th National Congress
of the CPC, the construction of Winter Olympics and the Paralympic Winter Games, and the celebration of the
25th Anniversary of Hong Kong’s Return to the Motherland as well as the tasks on guaranteeing the operation of
Shanghai Metro during the Shanghai CIIE with high quality.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   5
    SECTION II               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    In 2022, we continuously deepened the reform of state-owned enterprises and stimulated new drivers to
    high-quality development with reform and progress. The Company ensured that the channels, enthusiasm and
    efforts in reform remain unchanged and successfully completed the tasks on the three-year campaign for the
    reform of state-owned enterprises. It sped up in implementing the rights and powers of the boards of directors of
    its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries at all levels implemented the rights and powers of the boards of directors in different
    layers, categories and stages. 13 secondary enterprises and 11 tertiary enterprises carried out plans on the
    implementation of the rights and powers of the boards of directors and guaranteed the effective implementation.
    In combination with the appointment of management through competition and the tenure system and contractual
    management among managers, they prioritized the implementation of rights on the appointment of management
    members, the appraisal on their performance and the distribution of remuneration to them. It advanced the pilot
    reform of the technological systems, actively explored the implementation of mechanisms on “selecting the best
    candidates to undertake key research projects (揭榜掛帥)”, co-investment, risk mortgage and simulated legal person
    of business groups, implemented more flexible and efficient systems on total wage management and remuneration
    distribution, intensified and highlighted the results in the transformation of scientific research results and deeply
    propelled the special reform of “demonstration action on technological transformation”. The Company increasingly
    improved the market-based operation mechanism, facilitated the full coverage of the tenure system and contractual
    management among mid-level management of enterprises of all level, emphasized the incentive mechanism and
    intensified rigid assessment and fulfillment. It expanded the scope for implementation to medium management of
    enterprises at all levels, encouraged and guided qualified branches and project departments to promote contractual
    management, directed and urged all enterprises to implement “one position for one person” and enter into “two
    letters and one agreement”. The Company consolidated and deepened the results in the reform of three systems.
    35 enterprises conducted the appointment of management through competition and implemented adjustment for
    the bottom and exit of incompetent members on a normalized basis. It released the Guiding Opinions on Enhancing
    the Full Implementation of Market-based Employment and the Guiding Opinions on Enhancing the Appraisal on the
    Performance of All Employees, granting enterprises with more autonomous right in remuneration management.




6   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION II               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


2023 is the first year for fully implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the CPC as well as a
crucial year in its development during the “14th Five-Year” Plan period. CRSC will adhere to the guidance of
Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, deeply study and implement the
spirit of the 20th National Congress of the CPC and the Central Economic Work Conference, and implement the
decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council. It will completely, accurately and
comprehensively implement the new development concept and serve the establishment of the new development
pattern under the unified leadership of the Party Committee of the SASAC. CRSC will make continued efforts to seek
progress while maintaining stability. The Company will pursue synergistic coordination in strategies, targets, factors
and tasks along the high-end development route and focus on ensuring stable growth, optimizing the industrial
system, making breakthrough in scientific and technological innovation, enhancing safety and quality, deepening
reform, improving corporate governance and guarding against development risks, make efforts in consolidating the
foundation, improving weak links and making full use of advantages, constantly strengthen, optimize, expand and
cultivate its brand portfolio to drive higher-quality development. It will accelerate the establishment of a world-class
enterprise, strive to become a top multinational industrial group in the world with rail transportation control systems
and technologies as features and create more wealth and value for the society and shareholders!


On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby would like to express our sincerest thanks to the shareholders who
champion the Company’s reform and development, as well as friends from all ranks of life who concern and root for
the Company!




                                                                                                       ZHOU Zhiliang
                                                                                                             Chairman


                                                                                                      Beijing, the PRC
                                                                                                        23 March 2023




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    7
    SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
    FINANCIAL INDICATORS
    I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION

          Chinese name of the Company              中國鐵路通信信號股份有限公司
          Chinese abbreviation                     中國通號
          English name of the Company              China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          English abbreviation                     CRSC
          Legal representative of the Company      ZHOU Zhiliang
          Registered office of the Company         20/F, CRSC Building A
                                                   1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                   Fengtai District
                                                   Beijing, China
          Postal code of registered office of      100070
            the Company
          Historical change of registered          In November 2017, the Company’s registered office was changed
            office of the Company                    from B 49 Xisihuan South Road, Fengtai District, Beijing, China to
                                                     20/F, CRSC Building A, 1 Compound, Automobile Museum South
                                                     Road, Fengtai District, Beijing, China
          Principal place of business              CRSC Building
                                                   1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                   Fengtai District
                                                   Beijing, China
          Postal code of principal place of        100070
            business
          Website of the Company                   www.crsc.cn
          E-mail                                   ir@crsc.cn
          Principal place of business in           40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen’s Road East,
            Hong Kong                                Wanchai, Hong Kong

    II.   CONTACT PERSONS AND CONTACT METHODS

                                                   Secretary to the Board (Domestic representative for information
                                                   disclosure)
          Name                                     LI Lianqing
          Correspondence address                   19/F, CRSC Building A
                                                   1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                   Fengtai District
                                                   Beijing, China
          Telephone                                +86 10-50809286
          Fax                                      +86 10-50809075
          E-mail                                   ir@crsc.cn




8   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            SECTION III                   BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
                                                          FINANCIAL INDICATORS
III.   INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION

       Media and website designated by the Company                  China Securities Journal (www.cs.com.cn),
           for annual report disclosure                                Shanghai Securities News (www.cnstock.com),
                                                                       Securities Times (www.stcn.com) and Securities
                                                                       Daily (www.zqrb.cn)
       Website designated by the CSRC for publishing                www.sse.com.cn
           the A share annual report of the Company
       Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange           www.hkexnews.hk
           for publishing the H share annual report
           of the Company
       Place of inspection of the annual report of the Company      Board Office of the Company
       Index to changes during the Reporting Period                 None

       LANGUAGE AND MEANS OF RECEIPT OF CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS


       The Company provides corporate communications to the shareholders based on their respective choice of
       language and means of receipt. The shareholders have the following options:


       •      to read the online version of all corporate communications published on the Company’s website by
              electronic means in the future instead of receiving the printed version and receive printed notice for the
              publication of the corporate communications published on the Company’s website;


       •      to receive printed English version of all corporate communications only in the future;


       •      to receive printed Chinese version of all corporate communications only in the future; or


       •      to receive both printed English and Chinese versions of all corporate communications in the future.


       The shareholders may choose and/or change their choice on the language of our corporate communications
       and/or the way to receive the corporate communications at any time. The shareholders may notify the
       Company of their options by the following ways:


       •      By mail: 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


       •      By email: crsc.ecom@computershare.com.hk


       For enquiry on the arrangement relating to the language and means of receipt of corporate communications,
       the shareholders may contact the hotline at +852 2862 8688 at any time.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   9
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS
     IV.   BASIC INFORMATION OF SHARES/DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

           (I)      Basic information of shares of the Company


                    ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                    Basic information of shares of the Company


                                       Place of                           Stock                            Stock abbreviation
                    Class of share     listing and sector                 abbreviation     Stock code           before change


                    A share            SSE STAR Market                    CRSC                 688009                      None
                    H share            Hong Kong Stock Exchange           CRSC                   03969                     None
                                         Main Board

           (II)     BASIC INFORMATION OF DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY


                    □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


     V.    OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION

           Accounting firm engaged by the               Name                        BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified
                 Company (domestic)                                                 Public Accountants LLP
                                                        Office address              4/F, No. 61 Nanjing East Road, Shanghai
                                                        Name of signing             GUO Jian, WANG Xiaoyan
                                                          accountants
           Sponsor institution performing the           Name                        China International Capital
                 duty of continuous supervision                                     Corporation Limited
                 during the Reporting Period            Office address              27th and 28th Floor, China World Office 2,
                                                                                    1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                                    Chaoyang District, Beijing, China
                                                        Name of signing sponsor     MA Qinghai, WU Jiaqing
                                                        representative
                                                        Term of continuous          From the listing date to 31 December 2022
                                                          supervision

           Note: Pursuant to the amendments to the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and relevant requirements of the
                 Ministry of Finance and the CSRC, a company incorporated in China and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
                 permitted to adopt the PRC GAAP Standards to prepare its financial statements and to engage a Chinese accounting
                 firm recognized by the Ministry of Finance and the CSRC to provide relevant services according to the PRC auditing
                 standards since 15 December 2010. Therefore, the Company appointed one accounting firm as its external major
                 auditor starting from the financial year of 2019 (no division of domestic and overseas).




10   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            SECTION III                        BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
                                                               FINANCIAL INDICATORS
VI.   KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS IN THE PAST THREE YEARS

      (I)   Key accounting data


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                       Change as
                                                                                                   compared with
                                                                                                the corresponding
                                                                                                        period of
            Key accounting data                                    2022                 2021         last year (%)                2020


            Revenue                                    40,203,207,773.29    38,358,297,108.78                4.81     40,124,476,710.76
            Net profit attributable to shareholders
              of the listed company                     3,633,640,258.62     3,274,672,689.28               10.96      3,819,046,319.02
            Net profit deducting non-recurring
              profit or loss attributable to
              shareholders of the listed company        3,416,830,555.97     3,123,863,726.28                9.38      3,578,794,910.78
            Net cash flow generated from
              operating activities                      2,082,161,660.88     2,768,701,491.06              -24.80      3,007,375,953.08


                                                                                                       Change as
                                                                                                   compared with
                                                                                                       the end of
                                                      At the end of 2022   At the end of 2021        last year (%)   At the end of 2020


            Net assets attributable to shareholders
              of the listed company                    45,323,917,197.95    43,554,652,753.64                4.06     42,563,468,050.40
            Total assets                              116,806,544,483.88   108,942,588,838.30                7.22    105,328,082,320.59




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   11
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS
          (II)   Key financial indicators


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                             Change as
                                                                                         compared with
                                                                                      the corresponding
                                                                                              period of
                 Key financial indicators                       2022           2021        last year (%)           2020


                 Basic earnings per share
                   (RMB/share)                                  0.33           0.30               10.00             0.34
                 Diluted earnings per share
                   (RMB/share)                                  0.33           0.30               10.00             0.34
                 Basic earnings per share after
                   deduction of non-recurring profit
                   or loss (RMB/share)                          0.31           0.28               10.71             0.32
                 Weighted average rate of return on                                    Increased by 0.60
                   net assets (%)                               8.17           7.57     percentage point            9.09
                 Weighted average rate of return on
                   net assets after deduction of                                       Increased by 0.46
                   non-recurring profit or loss (%)             7.68           7.22     percentage point            8.52
                 R&D investment as a percentage of                                    Decreased by 0.30
                   revenue (%)                                  4.66           4.96     percentage point            4.32


                 Key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company in the past three years as at the end of the
                 Reporting Period


                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable




12   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION III             BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
                                                   FINANCIAL INDICATORS
VII. DIFFERENCES IN ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER DOMESTIC AND OVERSEAS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS

    (I)    Differences in net profit and net assets attributable to shareholders of the listed company in
           financial reports disclosed in accordance with international accounting standards and Chinese
           accounting standards


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


    (II)   Differences in net profit and net assets attributable to shareholders of the listed company in
           financial reports disclosed in accordance with overseas accounting standards and Chinese
           accounting standards


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


    (III) Explanation of differences between domestic and overseas accounting standards:


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


VIII. MAIN QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA FOR 2022

                                                                                         Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                    The fourth quarter
                                        The first quarter The second quarter The third quarter            (October to
                                     (January to March)       (April to June) (July to September)          December)


    Revenue                            6,941,051,579.25 11,442,310,858.50 8,561,411,457.15 13,258,433,878.39
    Net profit attributable to
      shareholders of the listed
     company                              648,016,868.11   1,286,067,205.81     667,112,771.41      1,032,443,413.29
    Net profit deducting non-recurring
      profit or loss attributable to
      shareholders of the listed
     company                              643,473,040.27   1,237,841,222.90     640,718,794.54        894,797,498.26
    Net cash flow generated from
      operating activities             -1,014,920,672.61     -76,252,093.33     906,260,076.74      2,267,074,350.08


    Explanation of differences between quarterly data and data disclosed in the periodic report


    □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   13
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS
     IX.   NON-RECURRING PROFIT OR LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS

           ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                        Amount of               Note        Amount of          Amount of
           Non-recurring profit or loss items                   2022   (if applicable)            2021               2020


           Profit and loss on disposal of non-
             current assets                           29,599,933.66                  /    35,949,376.07     171,224,991.74
           Government grants recognized
             through profit or loss for the period
             (other than government grants
             which are closely related to the
             Company’s normal business
             operations, which comply with
             national policies and can be
             enjoyed continuously based on a
             fixed amount or a fixed quantity
             according to a certain standard)        225,886,038.73                  /   109,073,995.77     117,599,839.57
           Profit or loss on debt restructuring                    –                 /    13,849,690.16                 –
           Reversal of the impairment provision
             for receivables and contract assets
             which are tested individually for
             impairment                                5,479,157.91                  /     2,755,674.64       2,766,661.64
           Other non-operating income and
             expenses apart from the aforesaid
             items                                    29,432,450.43                  /    25,667,778.45      19,375,081.16
           Less: Effect of income tax                 52,080,244.77                  /    35,036,177.88      65,689,329.87
                   Effect of minority interest
                     (after tax)                      21,507,633.31                  /     1,451,374.21       5,025,836.00


           Total                                     216,809,702.65                  /   150,808,963.00     240,251,408.24




14   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION III                BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
                                                     FINANCIAL INDICATORS
      For the non-recurring profit and loss items as defined under the Explanatory Notice on Information Disclosure
      of Companies with Public Offering No. 1-Non-recurring Profit and Loss (
                                                                           《公開發行證券的公司信息披露解釋性公
                   ) of the Company, explain why defining the non-recurring profit and loss items listed
      告第1號 — 非經常性損益》
      in the Explanatory Notice on Information Disclosure of Companies with Public Offering No. 1-Non-recurring
      Profit and Loss as recurring profit and loss items.


      □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


X.    ITEMS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE

      ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                         Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                            Amount of
                                                                                                             impact on
      Items                        Opening balance          Closing balance     Current change          current profits


      Receivables for financing     2,142,993,114.00        1,048,965,771.85   -1,094,027,342.15                      –
      Other equity instrument       1,124,819,159.20        1,124,819,159.20                  –                       –


      Total                         3,267,812,273.20        2,173,784,931.05   -1,094,027,342.15                      –


XI.   EXPLANATION OF PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF NON-ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING
      STANDARDS

      □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


XII. EXPLANATION OF DISCLOSURE SUSPENSIONS AND WAIVERS DUE TO STATE SECRETS,
     TRADE SECRETS, ETC.

      □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   15
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     I.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATIONS

          In 2022, the Company further strengthened the leading position of operation and made all efforts to capture the
          market opportunity. During the year, the aggregate value of newly-signed contracts of the Company amounted
          to RMB73.009 billion, representing an increase of 1.01% compared with the same period in 2021, among
          which, the value of newly-signed contracts in railway sector amounted to RMB23.915 billion, representing
          a year-on-year increase of 0.76%; the value of newly-signed contracts in urban transit sector amounted to
          RMB12.685 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.81%; the value of newly-signed contracts in
          overseas sector amounted to RMB2.576 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.23%; and the
          value of newly-signed contracts in general contracting and other sectors amounted to RMB33.833 billion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 2.45%. As of the end of 2022, the Company’s order in hand amounted
          to RMB147.412 billion.


          Regarding the main business of “Four Electric Systems” integration in railways, the Company overcame
          unfavorable factors and made reasonable business deployment. While securing the market for new high-
          speed railway projects, it actively made plans with respect to newly constructed normal-speed railways, local
          railway special lines, reconstruction of existing lines and other markets. It successively undertook several key
          projects including the renovation of Shenyang-Baihe High-speed Railway, Chongqing-Kunming High-speed
          Railway, Hangzhou-Wenzhou High-speed Railway, Hanzhong-Bazhong-Nanchong High-speed Railway,
          Lanzhou-Urumchi High-speed Railway from Jinghe to Alataw Pass section, Shanghai Urban Railway Airport
          Line and Qinghai-Tibet Railway from Golmud to Lhasa section, the electrification reconstruction of Yangquan-
          Shexian Railway, the quality improvement and renovation of Guiyang-Guangzhou Railway, the relocation and
          reconstruction of “Three Electric Systems” of Xiong’an-Shangqiu High-speed Railway and the construction
          of the demonstration line of safety standards of Beijing-Guangzhou High-speed Railway. It coordinated and
          advanced the joint development of high-speed railway and normal-speed railway markets and ensured a year-
          on-year increase in the contract value of the railway market. On that basis, the Company promoted to split the
          results of high-speed railways. CRSC Engineering Bureau Group and Shanghai Engineering Bureau Group,
          subsidiaries of the Company, have the qualification for independently undertaking weak current integration
          projects for high-speed railways. The establishment of three bidding entities laid a solid foundation for further
          consolidating and expanding its market share in the railway weak current sector. The Company independently
          undertook the four electric systems integration project for the construction of an engineering station for
          the second route of Lanzhou-Urumchi High-speed Railway from Jinghe to Alataw Pass section, achieving
          performance breakthroughs in integrated “Four Electric Systems” of new railways and laying a solid foundation
          for expanding into the railway strong current sector and turning it into a new economic growth driver.




16   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
    SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
In the field of urban transit signal system integration, as many key projects failed to be called for tendering as
scheduled during the year, the value of the contracts undertaken by the Company decreased as compared
with the previous years. However, CRSC CASCO and CRSC Urban Rail Transit, the subsidiaries of the
Company still stood firmly at the front rank in the industry of control system and undertook 22 projects in
succession, including the second phase project of Xuzhou Subway Line 3 and Xuzhou Subway Line 6, the
eastern extension of Changchun Subway Line 2 and Changchun Subway Line 6, Shenyang Subway Line 3,
Xiamen Subway Lines 4 and 6, the second phase project of Chengdu Subway Line 17, the third phase project
of Chengdu Subway Line 18, the second phase project of Chengdu Subway Line 19, the eastern extension of
Hefei Subway Line 2 and the southern extension of Hefei Subway Line 3, Suzhou Subway Line 7, the western
extension of Shanghai Subway Line 2, the western extension of Shanghai Subway Line 13, the western
extension of Shanghai Subway Line 17, the third phase of Xi’an Subway Line 1, Xi’an Subway Lines 10 and 15,
the extension of Beijing Subway Line 6, the northern section of Tianjin Subway Line 4, etc., securing half of the
national market share and maintaining unparalleled leading advantages. On that basis, the Company had been
awarded the communication system of Chongqing Subway Line 18, the communication and automatic ticket
sales and inspection system for the third phase project of Xi’an Metro Line 1, the capacity expansion project
of Beijing Subway Line 13, the signal system renovation of Shanghai Subway Lines 3/4, the reconstruction
and expansion of the technology prevention system for the existing lines of Shanghai Rail Transit, the ATS
outsourcing for the LAR project of Hong Kong Airport Express, the upgrading and renovation of the video
monitoring system of the first and second phases of Shenzhen Metro, the construction of the smart safety
inspection system of Guangzhou Metro and other key projects, making a supporting role to the stabilization of
the Company’s urban transit business.


In the overseas market, the Company leveraged the unique advantages of the “three-in-one” services of design
and development, equipment manufacturing and engineering services in the full industrial chains, achieving
results in deeply carrying out localized operation and the implementation of promoting the undertaking of
projects with practical work. It successively undertook the construction of cable cars at Phuket Island in
Thailand, the modern upgrading and renovation of Záhony Port in Hungary, the comprehensive transportation
system in southern areas (Line 4) of the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area in Mexico and other key projects with
significant growth in the value of newly-signed external contracts, demonstrating a sound trend of growth year
by year. On that basis, the Company successfully completed the laboratory integration testing and acceptance
of the self-developed on-board equipment ETCS-400T in Vienna, Austria, knocking the gate of the EU core
market represented by Germany and filling the blankness of domestic signal equipment providers in such
certified sector.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    17
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          Regarding the general contracting business, the Company continued to strengthen the control requirements
          under which relevant businesses should be strongly related to and vigorously boost main business and
          generate high returns. On the basis of ensuring the quality of projects undertaken, the Company played
          its leading role of design and technology, built up its project undertaking and construction capacity,
          comprehensively improved the resource integration and management and risk prevention and control capacity
          of the whole industry chain, reasonably controlled the undertaking of general contracting projects and adjusted
          the structure of contracts undertaken. During the undertaking of specific businesses, it continuously enhanced
          the EPC general contracting capacity, fully displayed the BIM application capability and technological
          advantages and improved the quality of projects undertaken, laying a solid foundation for its subsequent
          undertaking of rail transportation, municipal informationization and other businesses in relevant areas.


          At the same time, the Company also noted that the domestic railway construction is still intense to some
          extent, but the competition in the traditional market of “Four Electric Systems” integration was intensified and
          market space is squeezed; the investment and construction models of high-speed railway and intercity railway
          showed a tendency of diversity, and the bidding of large infrastructure projects generally adopts a mode of total
          professional and overall and total package service. The competition for urban transit equipment is becoming
          more and more severe; overseas infrastructure is still greatly affected by the political and economic situation.
          Therefore, in combination with the three-year reform action plan and the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Company
          strived to strengthen the system building, increase the investment in technology, improve the capacity of
          management and control as well as further consolidate the market foundation and enrich the market power.
          Beginning with the source, the Company obtained extensive market information, conducted in-depth analysis,
          and made plans and preparation in advance. According to the information currently available to the Company,
          in 2023, the market size for “Four Electric Systems” integration for high-speed railways will not be lower than
          that in 2022. It is expected that the peak of bidding will concentrate around the second quarter and the fourth
          quarter, and the Company will capture the two favorable opportunities of performance differentiation and
          performance breakthrough and will organize relevant subsidiaries to fully ensure further growth in the market
          share of key projects. In the field of urban transit control system, according to the preliminary information
          available to the Company, there will be 30 new/extended lines of more than 900 km in 2023 for the bidding of
          signal system, which will be higher than the actual bidding volume in 2022 in terms of the overall level. The
          Company will also spare no effort to strengthen the expansion and resource investment in related business, the
          Company will increase efforts for the contracting of telecommunications integration and construction business
          to support the reasonable growth of urban transit business. In the field of overseas business, the Company will
          continue to start from the renovation market of the existing line and the new line market in the key regions and
          countries along “the Belt and Road” to drive the professional contracting of the “Four Electric Systems” with the
          core advantages of the train control system and explore the municipal and informatization business, so as to
          further improve the contracting ability of overseas businesses. In the field of general contracting, the Company
          will continue to adhere to the existing management and control requirements, shift the market focus and market
          resources to economically developed areas, and appropriately improve the contracting level while ensuring
          project quality with an aim to promote the urban transit, information technology and other core businesses. The
          Company will endeavor to achieve significant growth in the overall contracting ability in 2023, and the growth
          rate in core business areas such as railways, urban transit and overseas business will exceed that in 2022.




18   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                            AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
II.   MAJOR BUSINESSES AND OPERATION MODE, INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND RESEARCH
      AND DEVELOPMENT INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

      (I)   Major Businesses, Major Products or Services

            The Company has undertaken the important mission of developing national industry and national
            technology since its establishment and has been focusing on the research and exploration of rail
            transportation control system technology and its derivative applications. As a core enterprise to ensure
            the safe operation of national rail transportation, the Company continuously strengthens its own capacity
            building, adheres to the dominant business of rail transportation, actively integrates into the new
            development pattern, improves and upgrades a “three-in-one” industrial chain integrating the industry-
            leading rail transportation control system design and development, equipment manufacturing and
            engineering services, and build a modern industrial chain of rail transportation to continuously provide
            high-quality integrated services throughout the industrial chain of rail transportation control system to
            global customers. While providing safe and efficient core technical support for the operation of national
            rail transportation, the Company continues to utilize profound technological accumulation to expand new
            market, and support the national modernization and digital development construction.


            The core businesses of the Company’s rail transportation cover: 1) Design and integration, mainly
            includes provision of system integration services for related products of rail transportation control system
            and provision of design and consultancy services mainly for construction of rail transportation projects;
            2) Equipment manufacturing, mainly includes producing and selling signal system, communication
            information system products and other related products; 3) System implementation, mainly includes
            construction, equipment installation and maintenance services for rail transportation control system
            projects.


            While continuing to lead the business in the field of rail transit control systems, the Company also
            implements the “Six Cores, One Body, Two Wings” business strategy, and builds a “rail transit + N”
            industrial pattern, striving to build an industrial group featuring rail transit, with global leading system
            technology and world-class comprehensive strength. The Company attaches great importance to the
            accumulation of technology and continuous innovation, and takes innovation as the eternal theme and
            the first driving force for the sustainable development of CRSC. In active response to the frontier of
            world science and technology, the Company accelerates scientific and technological innovation and
            transformation of achievements, leads the technological development of the industry, and strives to
            maintain the leading position in the industry. In the future, the Company will grasp the new development
            stage scientifically: focusing on the advantageous business of rail transportation control system, the
            Company will extend the core technology to other industrial sectors actively; centering on the national
            key strategic directions such as digital industry and new infrastructure, the Company will vigorously
            develop key businesses such as information and communication, power and electrification, etc.; refine
            and optimize the general contracting business, strive to grow the new pillar industries that support the
            Company’s sustainable development, and form a diversified industrial pattern with reasonable structure,
            scientific layout and high synergy.


            Since its establishment, the Company’s main business has remained stable without undergoing any
            significant changes.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    19
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (II)   Major Operating Models


                 The Company has focused on the field of rail transportation control system in China, and has a deep
                 understanding of China’s railway and urban rail transit policy, operating model, market environment and
                 other market elements. The business model adopted is fully adapted to the market environment, which
                 is stable and efficient. The Company mainly obtains orders through public bidding, and mainly obtains
                 raw materials for production through centralized procurement. The Company provides integrated and
                 comprehensive services of rail transportation control system or customizable specialized services to its
                 customers under the mature business model of design and integration, equipment manufacturing and
                 system implementation.


                 1.   Sales mode


                      The Company is active in the purchasing by invitation to bid of domestic users as well as in the
                      purchasing activities of foreign users. The operations division of the Company, as the centralized
                      management department of marketing and sales, is responsible for formulating and revising
                      systems in relation to marketing and sales management, and supervising and inspecting the
                      marketing and sales activities at all levels of the Company. Giving full play to its core technology
                      and brand influence in the industry and adhering to the philosophy of providing safe and highly
                      reliable products and high-efficiency services oriented at customer needs, the Company obtains
                      orders for products and services through market-oriented methods such as bidding and business
                      negotiations.


                 2.   Production and service mode


                      In order to comply with the overall operation mode of railway and urban transit system in the
                      PRC, the Company has established a mature and stable production and service model for design
                      and integration, equipment manufacturing and system implementation etc. Relying on its strong
                      technical strength, it can provide customized production and services according to the specific
                      needs of domestic and foreign owners. The Company provides relevant products and services in
                      strict accordance with the contract requirements on schedule and quality. The operations division
                      of the Company, as the centralized production and service management department for design and
                      integration and system implementation, and the science and technology innovation department,
                      as the centralized production and service management department for equipment manufacturing,
                      are responsible for formulating relevant production and service management systems and
                      for supervising and inspecting production and service activities at all levels of the Company,
                      respectively.




20   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
3.   Purchase mode


     All procurement activities of the Company were conducted in strict compliance with relevant
     national laws and regulations and the Administrative Measures for the Procurement in China
     Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited* (
                                                         《中國鐵路通信信號股份有限公司採購管
        ). The Company selected procurement methods including public tender, tender invitation
     理辦法》
     and competitive negotiation according to the specific conditions to ensure procurement efficiency.
     The Company mainly implements a centralized procurement system, under which the Company’s
     materials and equipment division acts as the centralized management department for procurement
     activities and is responsible for formulating and revising the relevant system of procurement
     management, monitoring and reviewing the procurement activities at various levels of the Company.
     The centralized procurement system is carried out at two levels, including two modes, namely
     the centralized procurement by the Company’s headquarters and the centralized procurement
     by subordinate secondary enterprises. Secondary enterprises also have a sound procurement
     management system, under which the procurement activities of subordinate enterprises are
     independently and centrally managed by the specialized procurement department.


4.   Management mode


     The Company implements a market operation and management system with the headquarters of
     the joint-stock company taking the lead, secondary enterprises responsible for operation and tertiary
     enterprises responsible for implementation, to build a coherent, coordinated, scientific and efficient
     internal organization system. By improving the management structure system of “headquarters
     – secondary enterprises – tertiary enterprises” and realizing the coordination of “strategy leading
     and control center – business operation and profit center – execution center and cost center”, the
     headquarters highlight the six orientations of strategic decision-making, resource allocation, safety
     and quality supervision, science and technology innovation coordination, industrial incubation
     and risk management and control, and give play to strategic control, integration of scientific and
     technological resources, new industry incubation, etc., to build a stronger headquarters featuring
     “strategic + operational control”. Positioned at the seven orientations of strategy execution, market
     development, business operation, income and profit, science and technology innovation, safety
     and quality management, and talent cultivation, secondary enterprises give play to the main role
     of operation, innovation and industry to achieve common enhancement of business and economic
     efficiency. Positioned at business execution and cost control, tertiary enterprises provide support
     for business, level up fine management, and increase efficiency and effectiveness, to create a more
     optimal input-output ratio.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    21
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (III) Relevant Industry Information


                1.    Industrial development stage, basic characteristics and main technical thresholds


                      Seen from the perspective of global railway industry, according to Oxford Economics’ forecast
                      on investment in infrastructure construction for all regions of the world, total investment amount
                      in railroad around the globe is expected to grow from US$382 billion in 2020 to US$565 billion in
                      2040, at a compound annual growth rate of 1.88%. In terms of cumulative investment amount,
                      cumulative investment in railroad infrastructure is expected to reach US$5,137 billion during the
                      21 years from 2020 to 2040 around the globe, excluding China. In addition to China, Europe is still
                      the top destination of future investment in railroad infrastructure. From 2020 to 2040, cumulative
                      investment in railroad in Europe will reach US$2,385 billion, with Asia (excluding China) ranking
                      the second with an estimated investment of US$1,602 billion, followed by the Americas with an
                      estimated investment of US$823 billion, Australia with an estimated investment of US$169 billion
                      and Africa with an estimated investment of US$158 billion. Railroad infrastructure construction will
                      maintain a relatively high growth momentum around the globe.


                      With respect to the railroad industry in China, during the 14th Five-Year Plan period China’s mileage
                      of railways in operation increased by about 23,700 kilometers and total investment in the railroad
                      market is expected to reach RMB3.5 trillion, basically flat over the 13th Five-Year Plan period. In
                      the same period, China’s inter-city and urban (suburban) railways in operation will increase by
                      3,000 kilometers and total investment in the construction of railway special lines is expected to
                      reach RMB800 billion. Railroad infrastructure construction will also maintain a relatively high growth
                      momentum in China. With the continuous growth of China’s railroad mileage, there is a notable
                      tendency that the focus of railroad investment is shifting from new construction to reconstruction,
                      operation and maintenance. More than 8,000 kilometers of high-speed railroads opened to traffic in
                      early stages of the 11th Five-Year Plan and 12th Five-Year Plan have entered the stage of overhaul
                      and renovation. For general speed railroads, as the new mileage increases gradually, focus will be
                      on the electrification, upgrading, capacity expansion and renovation of existing lines. Reconstruction
                      of other railway projects is also underway. Therefore, China’s railroad industry is at a stage of
                      attaching equal importance to new construction and upgrading and reconstruction.


                      Seen from the perspective of the global urban rail transit industry, the structure of urban rail
                      transit varies greatly from region to region in the world due to the stage of urban development
                      and development mode, with subways being the main urban rail transit in Asia and the Americas,
                      and trams being the main urban rail transit in Europe. According to the data of the International
                      Association of Public Transport (“UITP”), during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the new
                      mileage of urban rail transit in the world (excluding China) has reached 1,412 kilometers, of which
                      Asia (excluding China) ranked the first to reach 667 kilometers, followed by the Americas, with
                      approximately 520 kilometers. Hence, there is still a certain market space in general.




22   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     Seen from the perspective of the domestic urban rail transit industry, during the “14th Five-Year
     Plan” period, the new national urban rail transit operation mileage will reach 3,000 kilometers,
     equivalent to the new operation mileage in the “13th Five-Year Plan”. By 2025, the number of
     cities operating urban rail transit in mainland China will reach 50, of which Shanghai and Beijing
     will develop a huge network of over 1,000 kilometers respectively. It is expected to maintain a
     high level of investment during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period. The market size of urban rail
     transit communication signal is expected to reach RMB22 billion per year, of which the market
     size of the signal control system is expected to be about RMB10 billion per year. With the
     accelerated urbanization process, the rapid growth of traffic flow in second- and third-tier cities,
     and the increasing demand for new-added lines of networks in the suburbs of first-tier cities, the
     development demand for small and medium capacity urban rail systems such as straddle-beam
     monorail line, urban (suburban) express rail, tram and auto-oriented rail transit will be gradually
     released, and domestic urban rail transit industry will be in a period of stable development.


     The rail transportation control system industry features high access barrier in terms of the core
     technology and there are extremely high requirements for the safety, reliability, stability and
     sustainability of the products and services provided by enterprises, which requires relevant
     suppliers to have strong technology R&D capabilities, sophisticated industry technology capabilities,
     full-fledged product development and testing and verification capabilities and possess strong
     anti-risk ability and ability to rapidly respond to demand to consistently provide reliable and high-
     quality products and services in the long run. It also has significant cyclical characteristic in the
     industry, which is determined by the nature of rail transit construction and maintenance itself and
     the iterations of the core components of the related product systems. According to the requirements
     of relevant technical specifications and industry practices, the life cycle of high-speed rail
     transportation control system is generally about 10 to 15 years, while certain outdoor equipment
     systems are subject to shorter update cycles due to environmental factors.


2.   Analysis of relevant industrial status and changes thereof


     As a world-class provider of rail transportation control system solutions, the Company continues
     to maintain the leadership in the industry. As of the end of 2022, the cumulative contracted
     mileage covered by the Company’s core products and services of high-speed railway control
     system continued to rank the first in the world. The Company’s market share continued to occupy
     the leading position in the industry in terms of the domestic high-speed railway control system
     integration projects as well as the core equipment of track circuit, centralized traffic control system,
     computer interlocking, CTCS-3 on-board ATP system, RBC, train control center and other products.
     In the field of domestic urban transit, the Company’s core products and services of urban transit
     control system have covered more than 140 routes in all cities of the PRC which have been in
     operation and completed the bidding of control system, continuing to be in the leading position of
     the industry. By accelerating its overseas business layout, continuing to strengthen investment in
     overseas market resources and making full use of the high-quality opening and advancement of
     overseas projects such as the Hungary-Serbia High Speed Railway(匈塞高鐵) and the Jakarta-
     Bandung High Speed Railway(雅萬高鐵), the Company has won a good reputation, so as to
     strongly enhance its brand power and influence in the global rail transit market, and is gradually
     becoming an important player in the field of international rail transportation control systems.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2022    23
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      Despite of the changing and more intense market pattern in the field of rail transportation control
                      systems, the Company will continue to grasp the favorable trends and opportunities in the
                      development of the global rail transit industry in the future, insist on the technology-led, innovation-
                      driven, digitally empowered and capital-assisted principle to build an “innovative, technology-based,
                      digitally intelligent and international” enterprise, develop into a rail transit industrial group featuring
                      more advanced technology innovation, more reliable and safe system, more rational industry layout,
                      more optimized business structure, more advanced management, better quality and efficiency, and
                      more trustworthy brand image, and strive to become a world-class enterprise.


                3.    Development of new technology, new industry, new business type and new mode during the
                      Reporting Period and future development trend


                      Firstly, with acceleration of the reform of the competitive links in the railway industry, the main
                      body of railway construction and operation has converted from a “one-dimensional structure” to
                      a “two-dimensional structure”, bringing market opportunities for the Company to participate in the
                      construction of local railways and the development of power supply and electrification business, etc.
                      According to the relevant guidance of the National Development and Reform Commission, intercity
                      railways, urban (suburban) railways, feeder railways and special railway lines are mainly funded
                      by the relevant local governments and enterprises, and the project owners can independently
                      choose the construction and operation mode, which means that the voice of local governments in
                      bidding and tendering for railway projects will gradually increase. Secondly, the threshold for the
                      construction of metro and light rail has been raised at the national level, requiring all regions to
                      reasonably choose the urban rail system in accordance with the affordable principle and enhance
                      investment efficiency. With the accelerated urbanization process, the rapid growth of traffic flow
                      in second- and third-tier cities, and the increasing demand for new-added lines of networks in
                      the suburbs of first-tier cities, the development demand for small and medium capacity urban rail
                      systems such as straddle-beam monorail line, urban (suburban) express rail, tram and auto-oriented
                      rail transit will be gradually released, and the characteristics of system diversification will gradually
                      appear. Thirdly, during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the reform of investment and financing
                      system in the field of urban rail transit will be accelerated, the cooperation between government
                      and social capital will be deepened, and the financing channels and modes will be more and more
                      diversified; PPP, BOT, F+EPC and other modes will be gradually matured and standardized and are
                      expected to be adopted by more urban rail transit owners, the scope of piloted TOD development
                      will be further expanded, and the scale volume and investment strength will gradually become
                      important competitive factors.


                      In addition, with the rapid development of economy in the PRC and the acceleration of the
                      development of city clusters, arterial railways, intercity railways, urban (suburban) railways, urban
                      rail transit and other systems have played a major role in the transportation in the city clusters.
                      However, due to the limitation of management model and technological development, the various
                      modes in the region do not link with each other, restricting the improvement of transportation
                      efficiency and service quality. With the rapid development of big data analysis, Internet+, Internet
                      of Things, artificial intelligence, image recognition, network communication and other technologies,



24   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                             AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
   the realization of the collaborative transportation in regional rail transportation and the research
   on integrated service theory and technology have become feasible. Based on various advanced
   information technologies, the strongest “smart brain (智慧大腦)” for regional rail transportation will
   be built, which can deduce the situation of passenger flow, train flow, and facilities and equipment
   in real time, provide coordinated preparation and dynamic adjustment of the entire network
   transportation plan, and strengthen comprehensive support and linkage response processing so
   as to achieve new reforms in regional rail transportation, enhance the attractiveness of rail transit,
   alleviate urban traffic congestion, and promote the high-quality development of city clusters. At
   present, the Company has independently developed the collaborative transportation and service
   system of regional rail transportation, and has completed field demonstration application.


   The Program of Building National Strength in Transportation stated: By 2035, the building of
   national strength in transportation in the PRC will have been basically finished. During the period,
   the transport structure will be optimized, the construction of key “highway-to-railway transportation”
   projects such as port collecting and distributing railway, and special railway lines for logistics parks
   and large industrial and mining enterprises will be accelerated, and the orderly transfer of bulk
   cargo and medium and long-distance cargo transportation to railway and water transportation will
   be promoted in the PRC. The railway transportation industry has ushered in important development
   opportunities. Railway transportation enterprises need to improve the efficiency of transport
   organization, expand development space, improve traditional transport organization methods,
   production operation methods, marketing service methods and information service methods,
   strengthen transport scheduling and command, enhance business collaborative operation, improve
   transport organization efficiency, raise freight train transport capacity, compress the whole operation
   time and ensure the time limit for cargo delivery. At present, the Company has independently
   developed an integrated dispatching & commanding management system for railway freight,
   and has completed field application demonstration. Meanwhile, based on China’s high-speed rail
   control and autonomous driving technology, the Company independently developed a high-density
   automatic operation control system for ad-hoc network of heavy-haul freight trains, with the aim of
   improving transport efficiency, tapping the driving potential, increasing the quality of freight train
   operation, reducing the labor intensity of drivers and transport energy consumption, significantly
   enhancing the comprehensive efficiency of freight rail transport, and meeting the growing demand
   for capacity and volume of heavy-haul railways in China.


   The Outline of the 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development and Vision
   2035 of the People’s Republic of China put forward the requirement of building modern metropolitan
   areas: China will improve the coordinated development of one-hour commute circles by relying
   on the central cities with strong capacity to facilitate the development of surrounding areas, and
   foster several modern metropolitan areas with a high degree of urban integration. With intercity
   railways, suburban railways, and other rail transits as the backbone, we will eliminate all kinds
   of “dead end roads” and “bottleneck roads”, promote effective connection of intra-city and inter-
   city traffic and integration of “the four networks” – trunk, intercity, suburban, and urban railways,
   and improve the connectivity of infrastructure in metropolitan areas. The share of construction of
   urban (suburban) railways/intercity railways in the railway infrastructure sector has seen a gradual



                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    25
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      increase. At present, according to the needs of urban (suburban) railways in different regions, the
                      Company has carried out the integrated research of multi-mode control systems, completed the
                      research and development of compatible on-board equipment, and completed the field test for 3-
                      minute automatic turnback and 20-second automatic manipulative side change functions of the
                      CTCS2+ATO system in urban railways.


          (IV) Core Technology and Research and Development Progress


                1.    Core technology and its leading edges and changes during the Reporting Period


                      The Company focuses on technology research & development, and promotes sustainable
                      development of its overall business by technology innovations. Since its establishment, the
                      Company has been working in the field of rail transportation control system, and owned many
                      industry-leading core technologies leveraging on its outstanding technology innovation strength. As
                      of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 3,929 registered patents to protect its core
                      technologies in the PRC. Meanwhile, the Company signed special confidentiality agreements with
                      relevant technicians regarding core technologies to ensure that core technologies would not be
                      disclosed or spread.


                      The core technologies owned by the Company primarily include but not limited to the below:


                               Core                  Source of        Technical level and
                      No       technology            technology       degree of application


                      1        Train operation       Independently    Train operation control technology has been widely used
                               control technology    researched and   in HSRs, ICRs and urban transit, which provides core
                                                     developed        technical guarantee for safe and high-efficient operation
                                                                      of rail transportation. Responding to the demand for highly
                                                                      safe and reliable operation of rail transportation, this
                                                                      technology has addressed certain significant technology
                                                                      issues such as dynamical control curve model of train,
                                                                      precise positioning of train, speed and distance detecting
                                                                      of train, onboard fully functional seamless switch, wireless
                                                                      redundancy coverage of multiple doubling railways,
                                                                      moving blocking and railway network connectivity.




26   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

        Core                 Source of         Technical level and
   No   technology           technology        degree of application


   2    Automatic unmanned Independently       Automatic unmanned train operation technology has
        train operation    researched and      been successfully applied in the fields of HSRs, ICRs and
        technology         developed           urban transit. Based on train control system, by using
                                               this technology, automatic train operation is realized;
                                               through advanced automatic driving control algorithm,
                                               certain significant technology issues such as calculation
                                               of desired speed curve of train operation, the algorithm of
                                               precise stop of train, intelligent control of multiple objects,
                                               perception of status in complex operation environment,
                                               remote safe control have been addressed, and multiple
                                               indicators such as punctuality rate of operation and
                                               train parking accuracy and ride comfort and operation
                                               consumption have been improved.


   3    Integrated automation Independently    Integrated automation technology of freight railway has
        technology of freight researched and   been widely used in many marshalling yards in national
        railway               developed        railway and dispatch centers of railway bureaus, which
                                               provides core technology guarantee in improving railway
                                               freight efficiency, benefit and safety. The technology
                                               has addressed some significant technology issues
                                               such as intelligent calculation of freight traffic, intelligent
                                               adjustment of running line of railway wagons, intelligent
                                               preparation of locomotive usage plan and shunting plan,
                                               smart issuance of periodical maintenance and repair plan
                                               of vehicles, source control of train operation, as a result,
                                               the railway freight efficiency and intellectualization level
                                               have been improved.


   4    Train traffic        Independently     Train traffic control automation technology has been
        control automation   researched and    widely used in HSRs, ICRs, urban transit and some
        technology           developed         normal-speed railways. This technology integrates
                                               computer technology, network technology and control
                                               technology, forms a closed-loop system of train operation
                                               dispatch and instruction, addresses technology issues
                                               such as train tracing, automatic control for hump rolling
                                               routes, prevention and control of mistaken receiving-
                                               departure at multi-directional hub station, train dispatch
                                               management and control at sectional station and
                                               intermediate station and intelligent adjustment of
                                               operation plan, as a result, automation level of operation
                                               instruction and emergent handling level under fault
                                               conditions have been improved.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       27
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                               Core                     Source of        Technical level and
                      No       technology               technology       degree of application


                      5        Intelligent detection,   Independently    Intelligent detection, operation and maintenance
                               operation and            researched and   technology of rail transportation has been successfully
                               maintenance              developed        used in the fields of HSRs, normal-speed railways, urban
                               technology of rail                        transit. This technology has used big data system and
                               transportation                            cloud service technology to promote the development of
                                                                         rail transit inspection operation and maintenance to the
                                                                         direction of digitization, intelligence and informatization.
                                                                         With the technologies such as diverse integration of
                                                                         intelligent perception, multi-drive engines integration of
                                                                         analysis and judgement, Big Data health assessment
                                                                         analysis as breakthrough points, through expert system,
                                                                         mode identification, trend analysis, comprehensive
                                                                         appraisal, comprehensive positioning and mobile
                                                                         internet, it has realized the advance prediction of rail
                                                                         transit operation risks, active maintenance and health
                                                                         management of key equipment during whole lifetime
                                                                         based on all factors such as personnel, equipment,
                                                                         environment and operation and maintenance processes,
                                                                         improved the maintenance efficiency of equipment,
                                                                         effectively shortened breakdown time, and significantly
                                                                         decreased the failure rate of equipment.


                      6        Train control          Independently      The train control integration technology has been widely
                               integration technology researched and     used in the fields of HSRs, ICRs, urban transit. Through
                                                      developed          the integrated engineering software design platform
                                                                         integrating data platform technology and graphic software
                                                                         technology, the technology has been applied to make
                                                                         engineering design, data allocation, automatic compiling
                                                                         an organic entirety, resulting in the improvement of
                                                                         software integration; by summarizing features of domestic
                                                                         hub and utilization scenario, an integration process of
                                                                         site installation, commissioning, test and construction
                                                                         standardization has been built. This technology is
                                                                         appropriate for the connectivity of different modes of
                                                                         equipment with various operation grades at newly-built
                                                                         routes, reconstructed routes and complex hubs.




28   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

        Core                  Source of        Technical level and
   No   technology            technology       degree of application


   7    Safe computer         Independently    The safe computer platform technology has been widely
        platform technology   researched and   used at the train operation control system centers,
                              developed        stations, onboard safe control devices, which provides
                                               a very safe, reliable, high-performed and expandable
                                               basic software and hardware platform for products. This
                                               technology has addressed some core technology issues
                                               such as safe drive and collection based on electronic
                                               components, clock level multi-machine synchronous
                                               comparison, operation fault detection and fast redundancy
                                               switch, and it has been granted highest grade safety
                                               certification of International Functional Safety Standard.


   8    Mobile frequency      Independently    Mobile frequency key control signal safety modulation
        key control signal    researched and   technology has been widely used in the fields of HSRs,
        safety modulation     developed        ICRs and normal-speed railways. This technology has
        technology                             built a set of fault-safety rail circuit system with mobile
                                               frequency key control signal as power and rail as
                                               conductor, addressed contactless safety signal source
                                               technology, mobile frequency key control signal digital
                                               spectrum analysis technology, all-region at transmission
                                               channel detection technology, and realized safe and core
                                               functions covering rail section occupancy-idling detection,
                                               transmitting information to train through rail, and real-time
                                               detection of completeness of rails.


   9    Turnout switch        Independently    Turnout switch technology has been widely used in
        technology            researched and   the fields of HSRs, normal-speed railways, heavy-haul
                              developed        railways and urban transit in the PRC. This technology
                                               has addressed the major problems in large-size turnout
                                               switch synchronization technology, industrial and
                                               electrical interface integration, the switch technology
                                               of movable point frog of high-speed turnout, external-
                                               locking technology of turnouts, established world-leading
                                               high speed turnout switch system technology system,
                                               and provided powerful safeguard to the development of
                                               railway in the PRC.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      29
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                               Core                  Source of        Technical level and
                      No       technology            technology       degree of application


                      10       Rail transportation   Independently    Rail transportation simulation test technology has
                               simulation test       researched and   been widely used in the fields of HSRs, ICRs, freight
                               technology            developed        railways, urban transit, which provides support to test
                                                                      and verification processes at various stages of lifetime
                                                                      from plan verification, function development, system
                                                                      integration to engineering execution of train control
                                                                      system, freight and train operation instruction system.
                                                                      This technology has addressed some significant
                                                                      technology issues such as simulation test structure
                                                                      based on distribution semi-physical, modelling approach
                                                                      for complex engineering system, multi-source data
                                                                      at multi-level traceable test management method,
                                                                      automatic test, reappearance of fault and analysis, safe
                                                                      control system interface monitoring, test of optimization
                                                                      deployment of environmental resources, aiming at
                                                                      the requirements of large scale of simulation of tested
                                                                      object, greater isotacticity and strong instantaneity and
                                                                      higher automation, and the utilization of such technology
                                                                      improved the defect remediation rate and quality reliability
                                                                      of tested system.


                      11       High precision        Independently    High precision simulation technology based on coupling
                               simulation technology researched and   of multi-physics enables ground rail circuit system to
                               based on coupling of developed         work safely and reliably under railway natural conditions,
                               multi-physics                          electromagnetic environment and complicated route
                                                                      conditions, including in the circumstances of coupling
                                                                      of multi-physics of high-speed train rails contact
                                                                      electric shunt, high power electrification traction current
                                                                      disturbance, high-frequency transient signal shock caused
                                                                      by lightening, bridge-roadbed-tunnel multispace structure
                                                                      routes, alternating dry-wet ballast bed and parallel
                                                                      running on complex hub multi routes. This technology has
                                                                      been applied to build a high precision simulation analysis
                                                                      platform with error within 0.5%. The platform was used for
                                                                      precise analysis of transmission features of approximately
                                                                      10,000 typical deployment rail circuits at engineering.




30   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

        Core                    Source of        Technical level and
   No   technology              technology       degree of application


   12   Manufacture             Independently    The operation control system of rail transportation has
        technology of rail      researched and   a high requirement to safety and reliability. Based on
        transportation safety   developed        complete identification of product manufacture risk, the
        products                                 manufacture technology of rail transportation safety
                                                 products targets the control in the whole process from
                                                 material selection, manufacture equipment, production
                                                 technology, test and detection, reliability verification to
                                                 lifetime analysis, thus providing a systematic quality
                                                 assurance basis for the safety and reliability of products.


   13   Application             Independently    Application technology in broadband wireless
        technology in           researched and   communication industry is based on broadband wireless
        broadband wireless      developed        communication technology of LTE-M/R, which can
        communication                            actualize data transmission and integration of multiple
        industry                                 operations, improve the efficiency and experience of
                                                 trunking command direction system. This technology can
                                                 meet the railway operation business’s demand of wireless
                                                 broadband, terminal intellectualization and business
                                                 mobilization.


   14   Comprehensive video Independently        Comprehensive video monitoring technology for rail
        monitoring technology researched and     transportation has been widely used in the transportation
        for rail transportation developed        fields such as HSRs and ICRs, which provides
                                                 comprehensive management system containing video
                                                 monitoring, Big Data display and visualization for safe
                                                 operation of rail transportation. Aiming at the demand
                                                 for all-weather and full-coverage monitoring of rail
                                                 transportation, this technology has addressed the
                                                 technology issues such as decoding and forwarding
                                                 of high definition video stream, concurrent read-write,
                                                 unity and connect of railway three-stage platform,
                                                 massive video retrieval, intelligent face recognition and
                                                 certification, intelligent operation and maintenance,
                                                 clustering of platform management, dynamic load balance
                                                 of storage resource and engineering, thus, leading
                                                 the development of comprehensive video monitoring
                                                 technology for rail transportation.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      31
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                               Core                    Source of        Technical level and
                      No       technology              technology       degree of application


                      15       Collaborative           Independently    Collaborative transportation and service technology of
                               transportation and      researched and   regional rail transportation focuses on the operation
                               service technology      developed        and collaborative linkage of trunk railways, ICRs,
                               of regional rail                         urban (suburb) railways and urban rail transportation
                               transportation                           network in city clusters/metropolitan areas to improve
                                                                        the overall regional transportation capacity, and
                                                                        makes breakthroughs in technologies such as refined
                                                                        prediction of passenger flow in composite road networks,
                                                                        preparation and dynamic adjustment of collaborative
                                                                        transportation plans, global safety situation control and
                                                                        emergency linkage command, intelligent station safety
                                                                        management, and passenger information service in
                                                                        the whole trip chain to improve the overall regional
                                                                        transportation capacity, enhance emergency response
                                                                        and operation and maintenance efficiency, and shorten
                                                                        cross-mode travel time of passengers.


                      16       Intelligent             Independently    With train control as the core, intelligent transportation
                               transportation and      researched and   and control technology of light rail transit, based on
                               control technology of   developed        cloud computing, sets a unified rail transit cloud platform
                               light rail transit                       which is deeply interconnected with and intelligently
                                                                        integrates trains, passengers, environment, facilities,
                                                                        equipment, resources and other information, to realize the
                                                                        functions integrating independent train operation control,
                                                                        comprehensive automation, intelligent travel services,
                                                                        and collaborative transport and emergency command.
                                                                        The intelligent transportation and control system applies
                                                                        to a variety of light rail transit systems such as medium
                                                                        and low speed maglev lines, mountain rail transit, and
                                                                        special tourist lines, presenting the trend of data synthesis
                                                                        and business integration of each professional system
                                                                        equipment and guiding the technical development and
                                                                        application direction of the rail transit systems.




32   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

        Core                   Source of        Technical level and
   No   technology             technology       degree of application


   17   Train autonomous       Independently    Train autonomous operation technology has realized
        operation technology   researched and   autonomous resource management and active interval
                               developed        protection for the train through three key innovations,
                                                namely the optimization of platforms, the streamlining
                                                of systems and the refinement of resources. With a
                                                simplified structure of the system from a complex one
                                                and easily-driven complicated functional applications,
                                                it achieved full-process and comprehensive protection.
                                                It may apply for rail side resources and achieve direct
                                                communication among trains based on the tasks on train
                                                operation. With on-board autonomous computing and
                                                mobile authorization, it improved the utilization rate of rail
                                                side resources. The capability on the real-time handling
                                                of key businesses and accurate speed detecting and
                                                positioning improved the efficiency of train operation.
                                                It may formulate corresponding handling mechanisms
                                                based on different business demands and meet the
                                                demand for the upgrading of different systems.


   18   BeiDou navigation      Independently    With BeiDou Navigation Satellite System as the basis,
        system-based           researched and   BeiDou navigation system-based train autonomous
        train autonomous       developed        operation control technology has applied diverse
        operation control                       integration and train autonomous positioning technology,
        technology                              integrated longitudinal dynamics models, multi-particle
                                                longitudinal dynamics models and safety braking models
                                                of trains, combined inspection technologies with high
                                                safety, autonomy and completeness on wind pressure,
                                                location and speed information and applied the block
                                                dynamic swift technology with traffic control as the centre
                                                and the dynamic railway capacity allocation strategy,
                                                achieving the highly-efficient operation of trains, the
                                                simplification of rail side equipment and the centralization
                                                of central equipment. It shortened train tracking interval
                                                and improved the freight transport capacity.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       33
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                               Core                  Source of         Technical level and
                      No       technology            technology        degree of application


                      19       Full-electronic       Independently     All-electronic execution unit for full-electronic computer
                               computer interlocking researched and    interlocking control technology has applied safe output,
                               control technology    developed         safe cut-off, turnout safety control, safe design of self-
                                                                       inspection on modulo conversion, the structure of double
                                                                       two out of two, network redundancy structure and other
                                                                       technology. Full electronic interlock system and electronic
                                                                       modules have passed third-party safety assessment
                                                                       with the level of safety completeness reaching level
                                                                       SIL4, meeting the requirements on the high safety and
                                                                       reliability of the rail transit signal interlock system and
                                                                       being characterized by small size, easy construction,
                                                                       high reliability, high maintainability and high safety. It full
                                                                       leveraged the industrialization advantages of CRSC and
                                                                       initiated “standardized design, factory commissioning and
                                                                       on-site plugging and splicing” in the industry. It can save
                                                                       the time on on-site indoor construction and installment
                                                                       and equipment commissioning at typical stations by 80%
                                                                       and enjoys a bright future with wide market application.


                      20       High-speed rail        Independently    With the orientation of serving the capability requirements
                               communication and      researched and   of practical positions and improving the occupational
                               signal training system developed        capability, high-speed rail communication and signal
                                                                       training system focused on “teaching, learning, exercise,
                                                                       testing and research” and applied various information
                                                                       technology, making breakthroughs in virtual-real
                                                                       combination and interconnection of equipment in the high-
                                                                       speed rail signal control system, filling the blankness in
                                                                       occupational training products on high-speed rail signal,
                                                                       solving the “difficulties in teaching, practical exercise and
                                                                       assessment” in occupational education and meeting the
                                                                       requirements of railway electric staff and signal majors
                                                                       in colleges on the working principle of the high-speed
                                                                       rail system, practice, inspection and repairing, solving
                                                                       of failures and practice of other skills. It is characterized
                                                                       by full coverage of scenarios, virtual-real combination,
                                                                       internal-external linkage and train-land interconnection.




34   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

        Core                  Source of        Technical level and
   No   technology            technology       degree of application


   21   CTCS2+ATO             Independently    CTCS2+ATO automatic turnback technology can be
        automatic turnback    researched and   widely applied in urban railways to improve the services
        technology            developed        in the “as-frequent-as-buses” operation of urban railways.
                                               The technology addressed technology issues such as
                                               safety communication between head and tail of trains,
                                               rapid automatic starting, on-site automatic end change
                                               and automatic turnback after reaching the destination. It
                                               achieved automatic turnback in 3 minutes after reaching
                                               the destination and on-site automatic end change in 20
                                               seconds, which can effectively cut down the interval time
                                               for turnback, further shorten the tracking interval of trains,
                                               reduce the average waiting time of passengers, meet the
                                               public travelling demand for “high speed, high density and
                                               as-frequent-as-buses services” and relieve urban traffic
                                               jam.


   22   Video intelligent     Independently    Video intelligent analysis technology adopted intelligent
        analysis technology   researched and   analysis algorithm, allowing the video system to
                              developed        automatically adapt to all-weather lighting conditions
                                               with different density, improving the capacity of resisting
                                               disturbance under complicated video background and
                                               effectively enhancing the comprehensive analysis
                                               performance. It adopted the deep learning technology in
                                               artificial intelligence sector and developed a professional
                                               algorithm exercise platform through long-term
                                               accumulation and improvement of intelligent algorithm
                                               sample database for railways, which can flexibly and
                                               rapidly meet customized demands under complicated
                                               scenarios and achieve automatic empowerment of
                                               relevant businesses through accurate judgment, dynamic
                                               analysis and ancillary decision-making.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       35
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                               Core                    Source of        Technical level and
                      No       technology              technology       degree of application


                      23       400MHz wireless         Independently    Leveraging on digital and wireless advantages, the
                               dispatching and         researched and   400MHz wireless dispatching and communication
                               communication           developed        technology of railway digital trains addresses technical
                               technology of railway                    issues such as the bridging of wire SIP communication
                               digital trains                           and wireless PDR communication and business
                                                                        guarantee under failure and weakened conditions.
                                                                        It adopted a professional and integrated hardware
                                                                        platform and fully combined the demand in the wireless
                                                                        dispatching business, achieving data transmission in joint
                                                                        control of trains and railways and reliable communication
                                                                        in voice cluster for wireless dispatching, providing
                                                                        a safe, reliable, effective and convenient means of
                                                                        communication for rail transit, improved the driving safety,
                                                                        transportation efficiency and management and enhanced
                                                                        the quality of wireless communication services.


                      The Company actively deployed innovation chain surrounding industrial chain, and was dedicated to
                      transformation and industrialization of core technology achievements. It applied its core technology
                      to rail transportation core systems such as train control system of railway, train control system
                      of ICRs, train control system of urban transit, freight automation system, operation command
                      automation and detection system and communication information system. Through its newly-
                      added automatic train operation technology, the Company has realized autonomous resource
                      management and active interval protection, and the corresponding processing mechanism can
                      be customized according to different business requirements; the newly-added automatic train and
                      control technology based on BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) can actualize multi-mode
                      and two-way radio communication through multiple channels such as satellite and public network
                      to satisfy the dynamic configuration of train tracking interval, which can enable moving blocking
                      and improve freight transportation capacity; the newly-added full-electronic computer interlocking
                      control technology pioneered “standardized design, factory commissioning and on-site plugging
                      and splicing” in the industry, which can shorten the indoor construction and installation time and
                      equipment commissioning time of typical stations by more than 80%; the new high-speed rail
                      communication and signal training system filled the blankness in occupational training products on
                      high-speed rail signal; the new CTCS2+ATO automatic turnback technology further shortened the
                      tracking interval of trains, reduced the average waiting time of passengers, met the public travelling
                      demand for “high speed, high density and as-frequent-as-buses services” and relieved urban
                      traffic jam; the new video intelligent analysis technology endowed the video system with intelligent
                      analysis and deep learning capabilities, improved the automatic adaptability under all-weather
                      lighting conditions with different density and enhanced the capacity of disturbance resistance,
                      accurate judgment and dynamic analysis; the new 400MHz wireless dispatching and communication




36   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                             AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
   technology of railway digital trains achieved data transmission in joint control of trains and railways
   and reliable communication in voice cluster for wireless dispatching and improved the driving safety,
   transportation efficiency and management. The development of core businesses such as design
   and integration, equipment manufacturing, system implementation of rail transportation control
   system of the Company will fully depend on its core technology.


   During the Reporting Period, no material changes in the core technology occurred.


   Details of awards for the National Technology Award


   ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                          Year of                                          Level of
   Name of Awards                         Awards      Name of Project                      Awards


   National Award for Science and         2002        Integrated technology and            First Prize
     Technology Progress                              equipment for projects related
                                                      to raising the speed of China’s
                                                      railways


   National Award for Science and         2006        Model ZPW-2000A jointless            Second Prize
     Technology Progress                              frequency shift automatic blocking
                                                      system


   National Award for Science and         2007        Comprehensive Technology             First Prize
     Technology Progress                              and Application of Heavy Haul
                                                      Transportation for the Datong-
                                                      Qinhuangdao Railway Line


   National Award for Science and         2008        Qinghai-Tibet Railway                Grand Prize
     Technology Progress                              Engineering Project


   National Award for Science and         2009        Key technology and application       Second Prize
     Technology Progress                              of onboard safety control system
                                                      under complex and high-speed
                                                      conditions


   National Award for Science and         2010        Research and application of          First Prize
     Technology Progress                              key technology for the Suining-
                                                      Chongqing ballastless track




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   37
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                                                Year of                                          Level of
                      Name of Awards                            Awards    Name of Project                        Awards


                      National Award for Science and            2012      Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway      First Prize
                         Technology Progress                              Project


                      National Award for Science and            2015      Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed            Grand Prize
                         Technology Progress                              Railway Project


                      Recognition of the National Specialized and New “Small-giant” Enterprises and the Model
                      Enterprise of the Manufacturing Industry


                      ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                          Year of           Name of products/name
                      Title awarded                                       recognition       of companies


                      Single Manufacturing Champion Demonstration         2020              Complete sets of equipment for
                         Enterprise                                                           rail transit control system
                      Single Manufacturing Champion Demonstration         2020              Development and integration of
                         Enterprise                                                           complete sets of equipment for
                                                                                              rail transportation control
                                                                                              system
                      Single Manufacturing Champion Demonstration         2021              Rail transit signal infrastructure
                         Enterprise
                      Single Manufacturing Champion Demonstration         2021              Train operation control system
                         Enterprise
                      Single Champion Product                             2022              Railway signal relay
                      National Specialized and New “Small-giant”          2022              Casco Signal (Beijing) Ltd.
                         Enterprise
                      National Specialized and New “Small-giant”          2022              Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                         Enterprise
                      National Specialized and New “Small-giant”          2022              CRSC Wanquan Signal
                         Enterprise                                                           Equipment Co., LTD.




38   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
2.   Research and development achievements during the Reporting Period


     During the Reporting Period, in terms of fundamental and forward-looking researches, the Company
     completed the research on electromagnetic environmental effects of rail transportation and the
     construction of the test platform. The “Electromagnetic Environmental Effects and Electromagnetic
     Safety Engineering Research Center in the Railway Industry” became a technological innovation
     base in the railway industry recognized by the State Railway Administration. It carried out the
     research on key 5G technology and equipment for rail transit and developed the prototype of
     relevant equipment for 5G-based railway communication. It conducted the research on perception
     and prevention of rail side obstacles and mastered key technology on positioning and obstacle
     detection, laying a sound foundation for the development of the autonomous perception control
     system.


     In terms of supporting the construction of overseas projects, the Company completed the
     construction of laboratories in Beijing and Serbia, supporting the application of ground equipment of
     ETCS train control system based on baseline 3 in Beograd-Stara Pazova section of the Hungary-
     Serbia Railway in Serbia; completed the integration testing of the onboard equipment ATP in
     Austria and the acceptance of the owners’ laboratory, the testing of the VUZ loop line in Czech and
     the testing of the main lines in Germany and Austria, and obtained the SIL4 safety certification for
     the LTM unit; completed the construction of the laboratory in Thailand and strongly supported the
     renovation of railway signal systems in Thailand.


     In terms of supporting significant national strategies, based on long and big ranges, big and long
     tunnels, long and steep slopes as well as other extreme conditions of Sichuan-Tibet Railway,
     the Company developed the opinions on the selection of equipment for the communications and
     signaling system for Sichuan-Tibet Railway and prepared the analysis report on the characteristics
     of Sichuan-Tibet Railway for the selection of the train control system; completed the pilot application
     of the regional coordinative transportation service system in Chongqing Rail Transit Dazhulin
     Center and South Square of Chongqing North Railway Station; carried out the development of the
     low-vacuum pipeline ultra-high-speed maglev operation control system, completed the R&D of the
     sectionalized operation control system and the on-board operation control system and completed
     the field test on the ultra-high-speed maglev in the Yanggao test line in Datong, Shanxi; completed
     the development of prototypes of on-board and ground equipment of the high-density automatic
     operation control system for ad-hoc network of heavy-haul train and the test on the functions of the
     laboratory.


     In terms of promoting the technological development of the industry, the Company completed the
     development of on-board and ground equipment of train control system for normal-speed railways
     and completed the field test for on-board and ground communication equipment; completed the
     on-site comprehensive trial and verification of new train control system based on BDS; completed
     the development of integrated train control interlocking equipment and the on-site test and opening
     of Hetian-Ruoqiang Railway; completed the development of the prototype of the 400M wireless




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    39
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      dispatching and communication for digital trains and completed the on-site test; carried out the
                      research of key technology for the integrated analysis platform of the Internet of Videos and
                      completed the development of target detection and obstacle detection under dark light, regional
                      demographics and other algorithms.


                      In terms of promoting the construction of smart urban rail transit, the Company completed the
                      research and development of intelligent light rail transit control system, which was successfully
                      applied in Fenghuang Maglev; completed the research and development of operation control and
                      transportation system of suspended permanent magnetic trains and carried out on-site test in
                      Xingguo County; completed the condition monitoring of the Train Autonomous Circumambulate
                      System (TACS) of urban rail trains in phase I of Shenzhen Metro Line 20, which was in a stable
                      and good operation, completed the release of the requirements baseline of the signal system of
                      Shanghai Metro Line 3/4, and completed the preliminary development of software; completed
                      the application of CBTC system based on full-electronic interlocking in Changsha Metro Line
                      6; achieved automatic turnback in 3 minutes and automatic end change in 20 seconds in the
                      CTCS2+ATO system for urban railways and successfully completed the test on unmanned
                      automatic turnback; completed the functions of network-level multidisciplinary integrated automatic
                      work order, linkage between operation control and operation maintenance of intelligent urban
                      rail dispatching system, completed the construction of the operation and maintenance center of
                      Kunming Metro lines and conducted the trial use on Chentai Road in Shanghai; completed the
                      research on intelligent analysis technology, integrated artificial intelligence algorithm, developed
                      the intelligent passenger traffic analysis system and achieved the on-site application in Fenghuang
                      Maglev and Taizhou Commuter Rail S1 Line.


                      In terms of the development of fundamental equipment, the Company completed the on-road
                      trial of locomotive on-board relays and obtained the application report; completed the design and
                      optimization of on-board relay process method, carried out small-batch trial production and the
                      on-road trial; completed the development of high-frequency digital AC power supply module and
                      the trial production of the lightweight power system; achieved the on-road trial, the promotion and
                      application of the outdoor monitoring system (split) for ZPW-2000 range rail circuit, the intelligent
                      diagnosis system on turnout switch, the rail breakage monitoring system of turnouts and other
                      products.


                      Regarding the Company’s core technologies and main products, newly applied patents increased
                      by 1,339, and newly authorized patents increased by 876 (the total number of currently effective
                      authorized patents reached 3,929, including 211 overseas patents). As of the date of this report,
                      the Company has been granted a total of over 40 awards at or above the provincial and ministerial
                      levels. Key Technology and Application of Train Operation Control System Under Complex
                      Working Conditions undertaken by the Company as the main contractor was awarded the grand
                      prize under the Scientific and Technological Progress Awards by China Communications and
                      Transportation Association, and Research on Autonomous Multifunctional Vehicle Bus Chip
                      was awarded the first prize under the Scientific and Technological Progress Awards by China
                      Association of Metros and won two excellent project awards under the China Patent Award. The



40   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     Company undertook 11 research projects supported by governmental authorities at national and
     ministerial levels, 13 research projects supported by industrial administration organizations, and the
     preparations of 42 standards at national and industrial levels. 2 international standards prepared
     by the Company as the leading unit were published on IEC/TC46 and it obtained the preparation
     of 4 new international standards as the leading unit. As a sponsor of authoritative journal Railway
     Signaling & Communication Engineering in the rail transportation control industry, the Company
     has published R&D and application achievements in those industrial authoritative journals, such as
     Railway Signaling & Communication sponsored by CNRG, Journal of the China Railway Society
     and Railway Signaling & Communication Engineering sponsored by China Railway Society.


     List of intellectual property rights obtained during the Reporting Period


                                            Increase for the year                  Accumulative number
                                          Number of            Number of          Number of            Number of
                                        applications            approvals       applications            approvals


     Invention patent                            1,119                 591              4,104                1,649
     Including overseas patent                      142                103                524                  210
     Utility model patent                           207                271              2,575                2,127
     Design patent                                   13                  14               175                  153
     Software copyright                             285                276              1,939                1,793
     Registration of exclusive
       rights of integrated circuit
       layout design                                    2                 2                  4                    4


     Total                                       1,626               1,154              8,797                5,726


3.   Research and development investment


                                                                                                          Unit: RMB


                                                                  This year          Last year          Change (%)


     Expensed research and development expenditure          1,689,810,596.63   1,638,494,903.20                3.13
     Capitalized research and development expenditure        184,415,202.90     263,354,737.62               -29.97
     Total research and development investment              1,874,225,799.53   1,901,849,640.82                -1.45
     Percentage of total research and development                                                  Decreased by 0.3
       expenditure in revenue (%)                                       4.66               4.96     percentage point
     Percentage of capitalized research and development                                           Decreased by 4.01
       expenditure (%)                                                  9.84             13.85     percentage points




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   41
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                 Reasons for the material change in total research and development investment as compared to last
                                 year


                                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable


                                 Reasons for the material change in percentage of capitalized research and development
                                 expenditure and its rationality


                                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable


                      4.         Projects under development


                                 ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB0’ 000

                                                Investment
                                   Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                        total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                          Specific application
     No. Name                     investment         period      amount phased achievements           Intended goal              Technical level              prospects

     1    Research on               3,319.00      1,739.55      3,220.24 Completed the research       To complete the research   It can provide technical     It can provide theoretical
          electromagnetic                                                on electromagnetic           on electromagnetic         supports, including          and data support
          environmental                                                  environmental effects        environmental effects      real-time collection,        for electromagnetic
          effects of rail                                                of rail transportation       of rail transportation     simulation analysis,         compatibility design.
          transportation and                                             and construction of test     and construction of        faults reoccurrence and
          construction of test                                           platform, with the ability   test platform with the     analysis for products
          platform                                                       for carrying out high-       ability for carrying out   electromagnetic
                                                                         speed rail electromagnetic simulation tests such        interference problems;
                                                                         interference spot test and as high-speed rail all-      the testing capability
                                                                         laboratory simulation.       digital electromagnetic    and technical level in the
                                                                         The “Electromagnetic         environment simulation,    field of electromagnetic
                                                                         Environmental Effects        off-line electromagnetic   environmental effects
                                                                         and Electromagnetic          interference test of       research of the train
                                                                         Safety Railway Industry      pantograph network,        control system will reach
                                                                         Engineering Research         and high-speed rail        the domestic leading
                                                                         Centre” became scientific typical electromagnetic       level.
                                                                         and technological innovation interference coupling
                                                                         base in the railway industry simulation.
                                                                         recognized by State Railway
                                                                         Administration




42   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                          Investment
                             Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                       total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                                Specific application
No. Name                    investment         period      amount phased achievements              Intended goal               Technical level                prospects

2    Research and            14,858.06      2,359.46      8,377.65 Combined with the              To complete the research The new generation             It can be applied to
     development of a                                              automatic adjustment           and development of a new of centralized traffic         railway.
     new generation of                                             requirements of high-          generation of centralized control system adopts
     centralized traffic                                           speed railway operation        traffic control system and the principle of intelligent
     control system                                                plan and the demands for apply it in engineering          decentralized and self-
                                                                   integration of OCC and         practice.                  discipline design to realize
                                                                   ESC, the functions related to                             the unified control of train
                                                                   intelligent CTC were further                              and shunting operation,
                                                                   optimized, completed the                                  and realize the safety
                                                                   application of intelligent CTC                            management and card
                                                                   automatic adjustment for                                  control of station-level
                                                                   high speed rail optimization                              operation.
                                                                   and normal speed railway
                                                                   projects; completed the
                                                                   extended application of
                                                                   external interfaces such
                                                                   as ESCs; completed the
                                                                   software release and field
                                                                   application in conjunction
                                                                   with CTC3.0 major project
                                                                   of large hub sections and
                                                                   marshalling yards.

3    Research and             9,180.98      2,873.46      5,646.67 Completed the research and To assemble the                  Based on China’s high- It can be applied to the
     application of high-                                          development of onboard and equipment for the ad-hoc         speed rail control and      domestic heavy-haul
     density automatic                                             ground prototype equipment network and high-density         autonomous driving          railways.
     operation control                                             for the ad-hoc network and automatic operation              technology, the project
     technology for ad-                                            high-density automatic     control system of heavy-         aims to improve the
     hoc network of                                                operation control system; haul train.                       efficiency and safety of
     heavy-haul trains                                             completed the laboratory                                    heavy-haul freight rail
                                                                   functional tests.                                           transportation, which is at
                                                                                                                               the leading level in China.

4    Development of a        13,294.01      3,730.94     10,786.07 Completed the circular track To assemble a complete         Based on the mature            It can be applied to the
     new train control                                             test of new train control     set of equipment for the      technical application of       domestic heavy-haul
     system                                                        system, the onsite test       new train control system.     the existing train control     railways.
                                                                   and trial review of Hetian-                                 system and combined
                                                                   Ruoqiang Railway were                                       with the BDS positioning
                                                                   completed; the onsite test of                               technology, it builds a
                                                                   Jingbian-Shenmu Railway                                     moving block technical
                                                                   was completed, and                                          scheme suitable for
                                                                   acceptance test and project                                 heavy-haul railway,
                                                                   completion were passed;                                     shortening the train
                                                                   completed the validation                                    tracking interval and
                                                                   testing work for on-site                                    improving the overall
                                                                   trail of Pingdingshan Coal                                  transport capacity of
                                                                   Project.                                                    heavy-haul railway.


                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022           43
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                                   Investment
                                      Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                           total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                          Specific application
     No. Name                        investment         period      amount phased achievements             Intended goal              Technical level            prospects

     5    Development of train        17,169.63      3,033.88      7,192.16 The system has been put To assemble the train             It completed the         It can be applied to urban
          fully-autonomous                                                  into commercial operation fully-autonomous                development of the       rail transit.
          operation and                                                     on Shenzhen Metro Line       operation and operation      first Train Autonomous
          control system                                                    20, becoming the first TACS system.                       Circumambulate System
                                                                            system in the industry to                                 (TACS) based on vehicle-
                                                                            operate commercially.                                     to-vehicle communication
                                                                            The system has been                                       in China, which has
                                                                            basically stable since its                                reached the advanced
                                                                            operation for more than                                   level in the world.
                                                                            one year. Shanghai Metro
                                                                            Line 3/4 have defined
                                                                            the requirements of large
                                                                            systems, and released the
                                                                            requirements baseline; the
                                                                            preliminary of such software
                                                                            was completed.

     6    Intelligent rail transit     1,866.00        538.31      1,860.64 The development of the         To assemble a new          Based on artificial        It can be applied to the
          integrated video                                                  video train tracking platform, generation of video        intelligence and big data field of railway and urban
          system                                                            video data service platform, monitoring, train tracking   technology, integrated     rail transit.
                                                                            video security platform        system, video GIS          video monitoring system
                                                                            and video operation and        visualization system and   in railway and subway
                                                                            maintenance management video security platform.           industry has been
                                                                            system was completed;                                     upgraded in all aspects
                                                                            demonstration application                                 to enhance diversified
                                                                            was conducted.                                            application and security
                                                                                                                                      of video data, and stay on
                                                                                                                                      top of the industry.




44   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                            AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                           Investment
                              Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                        total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                         Specific application
No. Name                     investment         period      amount phased achievements           Intended goal             Technical level              prospects

7    Intelligent passenger       965.00        474.89        965.00 Completed the development To create an intelligent     Based on the advanced        It can be applied in many
     traffic analysis                                               of nine algorithms for       passenger analysis        concepts in the field of     fields such as smart city,
     system                                                         passenger flow statistics,   system.                   computer vision AI, a        smart transportation, and
                                                                    regional density estimation,                           general framework of         smart government.
                                                                    belongings left behind,                                target detection + weakly
                                                                    pedestrian opposing flow,                              supervised semantic
                                                                    abnormal crowd gathering/                              segmentation was
                                                                    spreading detection,                                   established, the end-to-
                                                                    prolonged stay, queue                                  end multi-task parallel
                                                                    detection, license plate                               training approach was
                                                                    recognition and image                                  optimized and the two-
                                                                    segmentation. It was                                   dimensional features
                                                                    successfully applied in                                of crowd distribution
                                                                    Fenghuang Maglev Project                               changing with space and
                                                                    and Taizhou Commuter Rail                              time was integrated, to
                                                                    S1 Line Project.                                       comprehensively improve
                                                                                                                           the performance of
                                                                                                                           algorithms for detection,
                                                                                                                           tracking, belongings
                                                                                                                           left behind, and group
                                                                                                                           behavior prediction;
                                                                                                                           and stay on top of the
                                                                                                                           industry.

8    Basic technology          6,084.00      3,004.76      5,551.71 Digital track circuitry      To complete the           The research aims to            It can be applied to the
     research                                                       at stations has passed       fundamental and           improve the safety and field of railway and urban
                                                                    technical assessment         deep-level scientific     reliability of rail side signal rail transit.
                                                                    and safety LED signalling    mechanism research        equipment of railway and
                                                                    machines have completed      on lightning protection   develop digital track circuit
                                                                    technical assessment, and    and electromagnetic       and railway safety signal
                                                                    on-road test commenced.      compatibility of          display equipment, which
                                                                                                 signal products in        has reached the leading
                                                                                                 complex environment       level in the industry.
                                                                                                 to provide scientific
                                                                                                 basis for subsequent
                                                                                                 product research and
                                                                                                 development.




                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022               45
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                                Investment
                                   Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                        total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                                Specific application
     No. Name                     investment         period      amount phased achievements              Intended goal                 Technical level              prospects

     9    Research on               7,420.54        718.28      5,138.92 Completed the overall           To form a complete            The system can realize It can be applied in the
          key technology                                                 technical plan for the          set of CTCS-1 system          the detour of high-speed field of railway.
          and equipment                                                  locomotive C1 train             suitable for normal-speed     railway trains on normal-
          development of                                                 control system, completed       railways.                     speed train lines, and the
          train control system                                           the development of the                                        interconnection between
          for normal-speed                                               prototype of locomotive                                       high-speed railway
          railways                                                       C1 vehicle equipment,                                         network and normal-
                                                                         prototype of ground                                           speed railway network,
                                                                         data server, LKJ and C0                                       which has among the
                                                                         units, and completed the                                      leading level in the
                                                                         stage safety certification.                                   industry.
                                                                         Completed field tests
                                                                         of vehicle-ground
                                                                         communication and other
                                                                         equipment.

     10   Research on               2,021.00        682.17      1,993.41 Completed the prototypes        To carry out the              Intelligent detection and It can be applied in the
          intelligent detection                                          for inspection of long-         research on intelligent       perception technology        fields of railway and urban
          and perception                                                 distance broken rails in        detection and perception      of rail transit is helpful   rail transit.
          technology of rail                                             one section; conducted          technology of rail transit,   to the early warning and
          transit                                                        on-site application of the      and create the series         protection of various faults
                                                                         turnout switching intelligent   of products such as rail      and disasters in the field
                                                                         diagnostic system and rail      breakage detection of         of rail transit, and has the
                                                                         breakage detection system       turnout.                      leading technical level in
                                                                         of turnouts.                                                  the industry.

     11   Development and          14,199.21      5,726.67     13,783.82 Completed the equipment To create train control               The existing interlocking It can be applied in the
          application of train                                           development and production interlocking integration           and train control system field of railway.
          control interlocking                                           and passed the test, type equipment.                          is optimized and
          integration                                                    test and circular road test                                   integrated into a compact-
                                                                         organized by the industry                                     structured and simplified
                                                                         experts; field test of Hetian-                                system from a complex
                                                                         Ruoqiang Railway were                                         one, thus improving
                                                                         completed; completed                                          the maintainability and
                                                                         the design of automatic                                       reliability of the signal
                                                                         configuration tools.                                          system with higher cost
                                                                                                                                       performance.




46   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                      Investment
                         Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                   total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                           Specific application
No. Name                investment         period      amount phased achievements            Intended goal               Technical level             prospects

12   Development          2,390.00        603.62      1,707.53 Locomotive on-board relays To complete the              This project aims to       It can be applied in the
     of basic signal                                           were put into trial use,      development of a new      improve the technical      fields of railway and urban
     equipment                                                 the application report was generation of rail transit level of signal basic        rail transit.
                                                               obtained and the small batch signal basic equipment, products and develop
                                                               trial production and on-road such as small-sized relay, a new generation of
                                                               test of onboard relays was light-rail switch machine, rail transit signal basic
                                                               carried out; the development safe, light-weighted and products that meet the
                                                               of high-frequency digital AC intelligent railway signal international and domestic
                                                               power supply module was power supply.                   technical needs.
                                                               completed, and the small
                                                               batch trial production of DC
                                                               high-frequency switching
                                                               power supply module
                                                               was completed; the trial
                                                               production of the prototype
                                                               of light-weighted power
                                                               system was completed;
                                                               the review of scheme
                                                               design and conversion of
                                                               drawings of switch-tie switch
                                                               machine with information
                                                               output function, and the
                                                               trial production of prototype
                                                               parts was completed.
                                                               Completed the assembly
                                                               and commissioning and
                                                               testing of power units and
                                                               other components, and
                                                               completed the assembly of
                                                               the whole machine.

13   Integrated           1,148.00        481.81        810.93 The integration testing of    To develop ETCS           It meets the B3R2             It can be applied in the
     development and                                           the on-board equipment        onboard system            technical standard of the     railways in five European
     certification of                                          ETCS-400T with LZB/PZB        applicable to the         highest version of ETCS       nations (Germany,
     onboard systems                                           in Vienna, Austria and the    operation requirements baseline 3, supports             Austria, Switzerland,
     in five European                                          acceptance of the owners’     of five European nations, E2 and E1 operation           Hungary, Slovakia).
     nations                                                   laboratory were completed.    and complete safety       levels, meets the local
                                                               Completed the VUZ loop        certification, NoBo       functional requirements
                                                               test in the Czech and the     certification and DeBo    of five European nations
                                                               main line tests in Germany    certification, so as to   and the non-stop
                                                               and Austria.                  support the promotion and operation requirements
                                                                                             application of our ETCS of transnational
                                                                                             onboard products in       interconnection, and
                                                                                             European core markets. boasts the world-class
                                                                                                                       level.




                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022            47
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                                 Investment
                                    Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                         total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                             Specific application
     No. Name                      investment         period      amount phased achievements           Intended goal                Technical level               prospects

     14   Development and            7,030.77      1,734.70      5,647.82 Line-level integrated DCS To realize the condition        The proposed                It can be applied in the
          application of                                                  network management,           maintenance based on        digital operation and       fields of railway and urban
          intelligent subway                                              parking accuracy analysis, intelligent operation and      maintenance theory of the rail transit
          operation and                                                   TACS automatic alarm          maintenance system,         whole life cycle of train
          maintenance                                                     switching and other           comprehensively improve     control system, adopts
                                                                          functions were completed; equipment reliability,          technologies such as
                                                                          the functions of network-     prolong equipment           train control multi-source
                                                                          level and multi-disciplinary service life, greatly        digital perception, multi
                                                                          integrated automatic work improve maintenance             engine intelligent analysis
                                                                          order, linkage between        efficiency and greatly      and diagnosis, and health
                                                                          operation control and         save labor cost.            management based on
                                                                          operation maintenance                                     cloud platform, which
                                                                          were completed, the                                       are at domestically and
                                                                          construction of the operation                             internationally leading
                                                                          and maintenance center of                                 level.
                                                                          Kunming Metro lines was
                                                                          completed; the tryout was
                                                                          conducted in Chentai Road.

     15   Development of rail        7,424.27      1,730.69      7,415.12 The system was               To create rail side target   As the direct control         It can be used in the fields
          side target controller                                          released, and applied into   controller, and adapt        unit of rail side signal      of railway and urban rail
                                                                          Shenzhen Metro Line 20.      to each control system       equipment, the target         transit.
                                                                          The confirmation of OC       based on the application     controller adopts the
                                                                          requirement in Shanghai      scenario.                    architecture of double
                                                                          Metro Line 3/4 was                                        two out of two, which
                                                                          completed. The research                                   has the characteristics
                                                                          and development of OC                                     of high safety, high
                                                                          board for Shanghai Metro                                  reliability, high integration
                                                                          Line 3/4 was commenced.                                   and intelligence, and
                                                                                                                                    greatly reduces the
                                                                                                                                    workload of installation,
                                                                                                                                    commissioning and
                                                                                                                                    maintenance. The
                                                                                                                                    electronic module can be
                                                                                                                                    flexibly applied to each
                                                                                                                                    signal system.




48   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                          Investment
                             Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                       total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                            Specific application
No. Name                    investment         period      amount phased achievements              Intended goal             Technical level              prospects

16   Research on              5,130.04      2,461.59      5,003.27 Completed the research          To establish an           The electromechanical        It can be applied to the
     electromechanical                                             on electromechanical            electromechanical         integration system for       medium and low speed
     integration system                                            integration system,             integration system for    light rail transportation    maglev lines, mountain
     and equipment for                                             completed the production of light rail transportation     with the intelligent and     (rack) rail transportation,
     rail transportation                                           ATP, ATO, STC, ATS and supporting full                    independent operation        suburban light rail, urban
                                                                   other equipment, obtained industrial chains with          control of train as the core express rail, special
                                                                   certification on project safety advanced technology       reached the advanced         tourist lines and other
                                                                   and opened for operation in and the intelligent and       level in China.              lines.
                                                                   Fenghuang Maglev.               independent operation
                                                                                                   control of train as the
                                                                                                   core.

17   Security integration       800.00        269.20        688.24 Completed the development To form a security              On the basis of public        It can be applied in the
     platform for urban                                            of security integration      integration platform for     security resources and in field of urban rail transit.
     rail transportation                                           platform, conducted the test urban rail transportation.   line with security policies,
                                                                   on equipment connected                                    prevention procedures
                                                                   to the security integration                               and prevention activities,
                                                                   platform.                                                 it developed the security
                                                                                                                             system to improve the
                                                                                                                             prevention and control
                                                                                                                             ability, and reduce the
                                                                                                                             possibility of safety threats
                                                                                                                             in rail transportation
                                                                                                                             areas.

18   Research on high-        1,525.00        192.25        192.25 The research on the zonal To establish the                It filled the blankness in It can be applied to high-
     speed maglev/low                                              operation control system     train control system         the rail transportation     speed maglev.
     vacuum pipeline                                               and the cabin operation and and equipment with            system with a speed of
     (tunnel) high-speed                                           control system has been      proprietary intellectual     600-1,000 km/hour, which
     train operation                                               completed, and field tests property rights and            is the first in China at an
     control system                                                on the ultra-high-speed      supporting high-speed        internationally leading
     and production of                                             maglev test line in Yanggao, maglev with a speed of       level.
     equipment                                                     Datong, Shanxi have been 600km/hour and low-
                                                                   carried out.                 vacuum pipeline (tunnel)
                                                                                                high-speed train with a
                                                                                                speed of 1,000km/hour.




                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022               49
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                                Investment
                                   Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                        total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                            Specific application
     No. Name                     investment         period      amount phased achievements             Intended goal              Technical level              prospects

     19   Research and              4,004.60      1,157.43      4,004.00 Completed the construction To complete the                For the construction of      It will be applied in
          construction of                                                of laboratories in Beijing   preparation of the overall   laboratories for train       overseas railway projects.
          experiment platform                                            and Serbia, providing        technical plan on the        control systems of
          for train control                                              guarantees to the successful construction of the          overseas railways, it
          systems of overseas                                            opening of railways in       experiment platform for      provides a safe and
          railways                                                       Serbia; completed the        train control systems        reliable experimental
                                                                         construction of automatic    of overseas railways,        environment with high-
                                                                         test platform for ETCS-      the construction of two      efficiency operation
                                                                         2/CTCS-3 train control       laboratories for ETCS-       through being
                                                                         systems; completed           2 train control systems      equipped with software
                                                                         the construction of the      of overseas railways in      and hardware met
                                                                         laboratory in Thailand,      Beijing and Belgrade and     local demands and
                                                                         greatly supporting the       complete the construction    guarantees the smooth
                                                                         transformation of the signal of the laboratory in         implementation of
                                                                         system of railways in        Thailand.                    overseas projects. They
                                                                         Thailand.                                                 have the same technical
                                                                                                                                   level with laboratories of
                                                                                                                                   major overseas projects.

     20   Safety simulation         3,550.00      1,218.62      1,218.62 Completed the construction     To construct the           It supports unified test    It will be applied in
          test software                                                  of the development and         development and test       on functional safety        railways, urban transit,
                                                                         test platform for the safety   platform for the safety    and information safety, nuclear power and other
                                                                         simulation test software and   simulation test software, supports the integrated sectors.
                                                                         achieved simulation test       support test on functional development, test and
                                                                         on functional safety and       safety and information     application of functional
                                                                         information safety.            safety and further improve safety and information
                                                                                                        the safety performance of safety in various industrial
                                                                                                        products.                  control sectors and will
                                                                                                                                   reach a leading level in
                                                                                                                                   China.

     21   Development of new          428.30        104.33        104.33 Conducted integrated       To study new train         New train control systems It will be applied in urban
          train control systems                                          research on multi-mode     control systems for urban for intercity railways      railways, extended lines
          and equipment                                                  control systems, completed railways with low cost,    support the integrated     of urban transit and
          for urban (suburb)                                             the development of         easy implementation, high operation of urban transit, access to arterial railways
          railways                                                       compatible on-board        compatibility, high safety intercity, urban railways in domestic metropolitan
                                                                         equipment, achieved        and high efficiency and and national railways         areas.
                                                                         automatic reversal in 3    meet the demands in the with a leading level in the
                                                                         minutes and automatic end construction of intercity industry.
                                                                         change in 20 seconds in    railways in the Beijing-
                                                                         the CTCS2+ATO system       Tianjin-Hebei region, the
                                                                         for urban railways and     Yangtze River Delta, the
                                                                         successfully completed the Chengdu-Chongqing
                                                                         test on unmanned automatic Economic Circle, the
                                                                         reversal.                  Guangdong-Hong Kong-
                                                                                                    Macau Greater Bay Area
                                                                                                    and other metropolitan
                                                                                                    areas.

50   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              SECTION IV                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                           AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                          Investment
                             Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                       total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                             Specific application
No. Name                    investment         period      amount phased achievements            Intended goal             Technical level                 prospects

22   Research of              1,449.58      1,407.94      1,407.94 Completed the development To develop the operation      With green and low-             It will be applied in urban
     operation control                                             of the system and equipment control system for          carbon, lightweight,            transit with medium and
     and transportation                                            and carried out filed tests in suspended permanent      customized and other            low capacity.
     system of                                                     Xingguo County.                magnetic trains.         characteristics, it has
     suspended                                                                                                             a short adaption and
     permanent magnetic                                                                                                    development cycle and
     trains                                                                                                                can be flexibly adapted
                                                                                                                           to various rail transit and
                                                                                                                           transportation systems
                                                                                                                           with medium and low
                                                                                                                           capacity.

23   Development of             412.30        326.64        411.32 Completed the development To complete the            The interlock equipment It will be applied in railway
     interlock equipment                                           and test on interlock     development of interlock in Thailand developed          projects in Thailand.
     in Thailand                                                   equipment and projects    equipment applicable to has outstanding operation
                                                                   in Thailand and obtained  Thailand and obtain the performance with
                                                                   the phased letter of      SIL4 safety authentication excellent electromagnetic
                                                                   confirmation.             certificate. To apply      compatibility and lightning
                                                                                             in railway projects in     protection performances.
                                                                                             Thailand.                  With a reasonable design
                                                                                                                        on the structure of the
                                                                                                                        application software, it is
                                                                                                                        conducive to expansion
                                                                                                                        and realizing its functions.

24   Development              2,338.00        789.70        789.70 Completed the structural      To achieve the perception With laser radar-based It will be applied in urban
     of autonomous                                                 design on the system,         and prevention of rail    obstacle detection             rail transit.
     perception system of                                          completed the technological   side obstacles in rail    devices, it detects trains
     trains                                                        research on positioning       transit, offer auxiliary  ahead and identifies
                                                                   and obstacle detection and    assistance to the safe    route signals in advance
                                                                   completed the development     operation of trains and   to safeguard the safe
                                                                   of control unit prototypes.   provide the function of   driving in rail transit. It is
                                                                                                 manual intervention by    at the leading level in the
                                                                                                 the dispatcher.           industry.




                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022              51
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                               Investment
                                  Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
         Project                       total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                            Specific application
     No. Name                    investment         period      amount phased achievements            Intended goal                Technical level             prospects

     25   Development of key       1,464.00        844.69        844.69 Completed the selection       To develop a platform for    With the adoption of cloud It will be applied in smart
          technology for the                                            of architectures for the      access and convergence       computing, the Internet of cities and urban rail
          integrated analysis                                           access and convergence,       of universal videos on the   Things, big data, artificial transit.
          platform of the                                               algorithm warehouse,          Internet of Videos.          intelligence and other
          Internet of Videos                                            classified governance,                                     advanced technology, it
                                                                        integration and sharing,                                   achieves the access and
                                                                        centralized resolution and                                 convergence, classified
                                                                        other modules for universal                                governance, integration
                                                                        videos; completed the                                      and sharing, centralized
                                                                        development of target                                      resolution and other
                                                                        detection and obstacle                                     functions for videos and
                                                                        detection under dark light,                                improved the utilization
                                                                        regional demographics and                                  efficiency of video
                                                                        other algorithms.                                          resources.

     26   Research and               867.00        402.28        402.28 Completed the plan and        To develop a platform for It conducts the upgrading      It will be applied in the
          application of                                                structural design on the      the surrounding intrusion of technical framework,        prevention of surrounding
          the surrounding                                               system; completed the         alarming system based the reshaping of the               intrusion in surrounding
          intrusion alarming                                            assembly of the model of      on videos and radar in rail plans on intrusion           areas of rail transit,
          system based on                                               integrated radar-camera       transit.                    detection equipment and      bridges, tunnels and
          videos and radar in                                           units.                                                    the restructuring of the     roadbeds.
          rail transit                                                                                                            business functions and
                                                                                                                                  maintains a leading level
                                                                                                                                  in the industry.

     27   LTE-M-based                516.00        304.79        304.79 Completed the development To develop the LTE-M-            The LTE-M-based voice, It will be applied in urban
          wireless intelligent                                          of equipment for train       based new-generation          dispatch orders, wireless rail transit.
          dispatching and                                               mounted platform and fixed wireless intelligent            train numbers and
          communication                                                 platform and supported the dispatching and                 other key technologies
          systems for urban                                             completion of the field test communication systems         on dispatching and
          rail transit                                                  on the automatic reversal for urban rail transit.          communications of urban
                                                                        function of the CTCS2+ATO                                  railways prepared in
                                                                        train control system as the                                combination with the
                                                                        carrier of communication                                   technical specifications
                                                                        equipment of urban railways                                on Shanghai Metro with
                                                                                                                                   its participation are at
                                                                                                                                   the leading level in the
                                                                                                                                   industry.




52   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                SECTION IV                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                            AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                                           Investment
                              Estimated     amount in    Cumulative
    Project                        total   the current   investment Progress or                                                                       Specific application
No. Name                     investment         period      amount phased achievements           Intended goal              Technical level           prospects

28    Research of key          1,898.00      1,125.68      1,524.85 It completed the research on To research the            It masters exclusive    It will be applied in
      technology on                                                 systematic technologies and systematic technologies     key technologies on     railways and urban rail
      5G application                                                the planning on standard     on the next-generation     wireless communications transit.
      in rail transit and                                           and systems of the next-     communications (5G-        and develops relevant
      development of the                                            generation communications R) and key engineering        railway communication
      next-generation                                               (5G-R); completed the        technologies and           equipment with leading
      communication                                                 development of the 400M the research on                 levels in the industry.
      equipment                                                     wireless dispatching and     next-generation
                                                                    communication model of       communication
                                                                    digital trains and completed technology; to develop
                                                                    the field test.              400M digital dispatching
                                                                                                 and communication
                                                                                                 equipment and 5G-based
                                                                                                 railway communication
                                                                                                 equipment.

Total /                      132,753.29     40,038.33     96,993.97 /                            /                          /                         /


                            Explanation


                            For all rail transit sectors such as high-speed railway, normal-speed railway, local railway, heavy-
                            haul railway, urban rail transit, urban (suburban) railway, maglev and special tourist line, the
                            Company analyzed the corresponding scenarios and special demands, carried out research and
                            development activities oriented to market targets and developed advanced technologies leading
                            the industry, such as automatic unmanned train operation, train autonomous circumambulation,
                            coordinated transportation and management for regional passenger traffic, train traffic control
                            automation, safe computer platform, full-electronic computer interlocking control, intelligent
                            detection, operation and maintenance of rail transportation, rail transit simulation test, turnout
                            switch and electromagnetic shielding. It developed control systems and fundamental equipment
                            applicable to target scenarios with complete functions and outstanding performance, such as the
                            new train control system based on BDS, the train control system for normal railways, the high-
                            density automatic operation control system for ad-hoc network of heavy-haul trains, the new
                            generation of centralized traffic control system, the intelligent passenger traffic analysis system,
                            the train autonomous circumambulation control system, the CBTC system based on full-electronic
                            interlocking, the intelligent light rail transit control system, the intelligent urban rail dispatching
                            system, the intelligent diagnosis system on turnout switch, the integrated train control interlocking
                            equipment and the full-electronic interlocking equipment. It also conducted demonstration,
                            opening and application in domestic and overseas markets, vigorously supporting the rapid market
                            expansion of the Company in the rail transit sector.




                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022         53
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                5.    Research and development personnel

                                                                                     Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


                      Basic Information

                                                                                                   Amount for the
                                                                                Amount for the     corresponding
                                                                                 current period period of last year


                      Number of research and development personnel                         4,428                4,374
                        in the Company (person)
                      Percentage of total research and development                         22.53                21.56
                        personnel in total personnel of the Company (%)
                      Total remuneration for research and development                103,614.48             94,458.08
                        personnel
                      Average remuneration for research and development                    23.40                21.60
                        personnel

                      Educational background of research and development personnel

                                                                                                           Unit: Person


                      Educational background                                   Number (person)       Percentage (%)


                      Doctoral degree                                                         67                 1.51
                      Master’s degree                                                      1,620                36.59
                      Bachelor’s degree                                                    2,537                57.29
                      Junior college diploma                                                 204                 4.61
                      High school diploma or below                                             –                    –


                      Total                                                                4,428              100.00


                      Age structure of research and development personnel

                                                                                                           Unit: Person


                      Age band                                                 Number (person)       Percentage (%)


                      Below 30 (excluding 30)                                              1,320                29.81
                      30-40 (including 30 years old, excluding 40 years old)               1,964                44.36
                      40-50 (including 40 years old, excluding 50 years old)                 868                19.60
                      50-60 (including 50 years old, excluding 60 years old)                 276                 6.23
                      Over 60                                                                  –                    –


                      Total                                                                4,428              100.00


54   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                             AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                  Reasons for material change on composition of research and development personnel and the
                  impact on the future development of the Company


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


             6.   Other explanation


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


III.   ANALYSIS OF THE CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

       (I)   Analysis of Core Competitiveness


             ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


             1.   Leading market position


                  As the main force of China’s rail transit construction, the Company provides products and services
                  for the rail transit construction of CNRG, 18 Railway Administrations, more than 40 cities and many
                  factories and mining enterprises. The Company enjoys a good reputation all over the country and
                  is the most trusted expert of rail transit control system. The Company provides core train control
                  technology and equipment for more than 95% of China’s high-speed railways that have been in
                  operation; the Company occupies about 40% of the domestic market share of urban rail transit
                  control system, and participates in the design, integration and construction projects of rail transit
                  control system in more than 30 cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen. According to
                  statistics, in 2022, among 42 metro signal control system projects for which the bid results have
                  been disclosed, CRSC won 22 bids which accounted for over 50%, continuing to top the list, and
                  is the leading provider of urban rail transit control system solutions in China. The ultra-high market
                  share has also laid a solid foundation for the Company’s future efforts to update, transform and
                  operate and maintain the market.


             2.   Outstanding comprehensive technological innovation strength and core technology reserves


                  The Company has adhered to independent innovation with nearly 4,000 registered patents and
                  realized the absolute independent ownership of intellectual property rights and 100% domestic
                  production of products for the core technologies of train operation control, thus helping its new
                  rail transportation control technologies regarding all rail transit sectors such as high-speed
                  railways, normal-speed railways, local railways, heavy haul railways, urban rail, urban (suburban),
                  maglev and special tourist lines, automatic unmanned train operation technology, coordinated
                  transportation and management for regional freight, train traffic control automation technology,
                  safe computer platform technology, fully electronic computer interlocking control technology,
                  train control integration technology, intelligent detection, operation and maintenance technology
                  of rail transportation, rail transportation simulation test technology and turnout switch technology
                  hold a leading position among peers. Relying on the world-leading comprehensive research and


                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    55
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      development strength, the Company has developed core technologies of rail transportation control
                      system with independent intellectual property rights and its products and services have been widely
                      used in fields including railway and urban rail transit, which has established the Company’s leading
                      position in the industry.


                      As the entity responsible for general affairs of each of the Communication and Signaling Technical
                      Sub-committee under the National Railway Transportation Electrical Equipment and System
                      Standardization Technical Committee (全國軌道交通電氣設備與系統標準化技術委員會通信信號分技
                      術委員會) (in relation to national standards) and the Communication and Signaling Technical Sub-
                      committee under the Railway Industry Electrical Equipment and System Standardization Committee
                      (in relation to industry standards, being the original entity responsible for the management of
                      equipment standards, technical standards and product standards in relation to rail transportation
                      control system in China), the Company has promoted the establishment of the national technical
                      standards system and railway industry technical standards system for the rail transit communication
                      and signaling in China, and has led the establishment of the most important, advanced and
                      fundamental technical standards for railway and urban transit control systems in the PRC, such as
                      CTCS and CBTC. The Company has extremely rich experience in the construction and operation
                      of high-speed railway control systems, complex railway hub revamping experience, existing line
                      upgrading and revamping experience, customization experience to meet transportation needs in
                      different regions, and construction and maintenance experience for all forms of urban rail transit
                      including urban rail, subway and maglev. In addition, the Company also has advanced research and
                      development (“R&D”), experiment and test institutions. The completeness and scale of its laboratory
                      facilities are in a leading position in the world.


                      The Company has built a high-level innovation platform and technical support capabilities,
                      vigorously promoted innovation platform and demonstration construction, gathered innovation
                      elements, optimized the allocation of innovation resources, and formed a leading sci-tech innovation
                      platform and demonstration pattern, including 3 postdoctoral workstations, 4 academician
                      workstations, 12 national and industry innovation platforms, 13 national innovation demonstrations,
                      and more than 30 provincial and ministerial innovation platforms providing strong platform support
                      for the realization of high-quality innovation and development of enterprises.


                3.    Extensive engineering project management experience


                      Over the years, the Company has served the construction of national railway and urban rail
                      transit, deeply participated in the speed increase of national railway for six times, and successively
                      participated in the construction of all major domestic high-speed railway projects. It has experience
                      in many projects involving long mileage, high altitude, alpine region and heavy-haul trains with
                      capacity of over 10,000 tons. Many projects have been ranked “first” in China and even the world,
                      and the standardized management of engineering services has become the industry benchmark,
                      which has improved the weak current process standard and image of China’s rail transit, and
                      established and maintained the Company’s leading position in the industry.




56   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
4.   One-stop service capabilities for the entire industrial chain


     The Company professionally provides integrated services covering investment and financing,
     design and integration, equipment manufacturing, system implementation, supporting project
     construction and repair and maintenance for rail transportation control system. As a company with
     the most comprehensive technology mix and the most system products in the domestic industry,
     it has 13 modern production bases all over the country, creating a complete industrial chain in the
     field of rail transit control. It is the only company in the world that can provide one-stop services
     for the entire industrial chain from investment and financing to R&D and design, equipment
     manufacturing, engineering services and operation and maintenance. The one-stop services can
     effectively reduce the construction, operation and management costs of customers and the system
     compatibility related risk in complex lines, and minimise the impact of renovation projects on normal
     operations. While adapting to common requirements, it can also provide customers with a flexible
     combination of different products and services based on the actual needs of customers; with the
     Company’s internal efficient and accurate information-based management, such one-stop services
     can help to effectively reduce marketing cost, and lay a good foundation for tracking and carrying
     out maintenance, repair and upgrading business.


5.   Highly reliable and safe core services and products


     The Company establishes classified enterprise standards according to relevant international,
     national and industrial standards, implements strict and prudent quality and safety control
     measures, so as to ensure the high reliability and safety of rail transportation control system
     solutions and core products, and provide support for the safe and efficient operation of national rail
     transportation. The Company focuses on its main responsibilities and businesses, deeply analyses
     the business development model, establishes system management thinking, deepens system
     integration, improves operational efficiency and builds a whole industrial chain safety and quality
     control system. The Company’s quality management follows the requirements of ISO9001: 2015
     Standard, establishes quality control rules and system process, with quality management systems
     to maintain continuous improvement and meet the requirements of standards. All subordinate
     enterprises of the Company which engage in the fields of R&D and design, system integration
     and industrial manufacturing have passed the ISO/TS22163: 2017 (the upgraded standard of
     International Railway Industry Standard (IRIS)) certification; all subordinate enterprises of the
     Company engaged in the field of R&D and design have passed the maturity assessment and
     certification of CMMI software. The Company’s rail transportation control system products meet
     the European EN50126 standard for railway product safety, and the Company strengthens the
     supervision of product safety and security, and effectively strengthens the control of new product
     development process and existing product change process and meets the generally accepted
     international quality requirements regarding safety, reliability, availability and maintenance.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   57
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                  6.   Stimulating innovation and vitality and promoting development through scientific research


                       The Company implements the innovation-driven development strategy and accelerates the training
                       of innovative talents through multiple channels. The Company makes good use of existing human
                       resources, increases the training of expert-level leading talents and key researchers, facilitates
                       the career development of scientific and technological talents, and improves the incentive and
                       evaluation system for result transformation to stimulate the innovation and vitality of researchers.
                       The Company improves quality, increases efficiency, and achieves upgrade and sustainable and
                       healthy development under the support and guidance of technology innovation. The Company
                       unswervingly takes the road of independent innovation, truly contributing to promoting corporate
                       transformation and upgrading.


                       More than 4,400 employees of the Company are engaged in technological research and
                       development, accounting for 22.53% of the total employees, 38.1% of whom have graduate
                       degrees or above. The excellent talent team has laid a solid foundation for the Company to develop
                       core technologies and maintain technical advantages.


           (II)   Events which have a serious impact on the Company’s core competitiveness, impact analysis
                  and measures during the Reporting Period


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


     IV.   RISK FACTORS

           (I)    Risk of Making No Profits Yet


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (II)   Risk of Sharp Decline or Loss of Results


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (III) Core Competitiveness Risk


                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                  The rail transportation control system industry in which the Company is engaged is still in a healthy
                  development stage. The new-generation information technology is gradually integrated with the traditional
                  control system. The emerging technologies and the demand for new growth of railways and urban rail
                  may lead to the upgrades of the Company’s main system equipment, and put forward new and higher
                  requirements on the Company’s scientific and technological innovation. If research on new technologies
                  moves slowly, the development progress of new-generation system products will be affected, which is not
                  conducive to consolidating the Company’s leading position in innovation.




58   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
      SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
      Response measures: From the perspective of the industry and the long-term development needs of
      the Company, the Company will focus on scientific and technological issues, emerging technologies and
      new needs of the industry, plan major scientific research projects, deploy strategic forces, coordinate
      innovation resources, strengthen the management of the R&D projects of new technologies, and enhance
      the allocation of resources for the R&D projects of new technologies and new products, to ensure that
      R&D tasks are completed as planned. The Company will also strengthen the linkage between scientific
      and technological research and development and market operation, enhance the transformation of
      scientific and technological achievements, make precise market positioning, speed up the response
      to specific needs of users, and adjust the research and development strategy in a timely manner, to
      maintain the Company’s leading position in scientific and technological innovation, and support the
      sustainable, healthy and high-quality development of the Company.


(IV) Operating risk


      ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


      First, the Company’s product market distribution is relatively concentrated, and its anti-risk ability is
      relatively weak, which leads to the hidden business risks; second, various factors such as the international
      political situation, international political emergencies, and changes in the pattern of international relations
      pose risks to the Company’s overseas operations. In addition, based on the nature of the Company’s
      business, liability compensation or government penalties may be involved in the design, research and
      development, manufacturing, installation, testing, maintenance and sales of rail transit control system
      products or services.


      Response measures: The Company will continue to strengthen the construction of scientific and
      technological innovation capabilities, take the market demand as the guide, speed up the research and
      development of new technologies and new products and market transformation, continue to expand new
      fields and markets, form new growth points as soon as possible to enhance the Company’s ability to
      resist risks; for overseas markets, the Company will strengthen the timely summary and analysis of the
      comprehensive information of the target country, maintain a high sensitivity to changes in the international
      market at all times, adjust response strategies in a timely manner to prevent and resolve overseas
      business risks.


(V)   Financial Risk


      ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


      The construction of certain railway, urban rail and infrastructure construction projects undertaken by the
      Company has the characteristics of long construction period, large investment amount, lagging settlement
      and lagging recovery, and some contract assets or accounts receivable have long settlement period and
      recovery period, which may have a negative impact on current profits.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    59
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                Response measures: The Company will establish a normalized control mechanism to strengthen its
                source and process control and regularly analyze and dynamically monitor contract assets and account
                receivables of major projects, improve its appraisal mechanism and increase the frequency of appraisal
                to mobilize its staff’s initiative, and speed up the progress of fund settlement and recovery.


          (VI) Industry Risk


                ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                In view of the year-on-year decline in the scale of fixed asset investment in railway, the railway industry
                highlighted the prevention and resolution of debt risks in the field, and tightened the implementation
                of railway investment planning, translating into a shift from pursuing scale and speed to controlling
                investment pace. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the NDRC will strictly control the debt risk
                incurred by local governments as a result of urban rail investment, raising the approval threshold for all
                urban rail transit projects, including large, medium and small carrying-capacity projects.


                Response measures: The Company will strengthen communication with railway owners by leveraging
                the further improvement of the management layout and system, establish a leading brand image and
                reputation in the industry through benchmark projects and high-quality projects, and gradually shift the
                business focus from new line construction to an operation pattern that places equal emphasis on the
                construction of new lines and the upgrading of existing lines. At the same time, the Company will actively
                expand the management concepts, closely follow the urban rail construction model, give full play to the
                resources of the whole system, and adopt various methods such as investment-driven, joint operation,
                and joint venture to consolidate the existing metro market and expand the market of medium and small
                carrying capacity, thus forming a multi-point supporting market operation pattern in the rail transit industry.


          (VII) Macro-environmental Risk


                ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                The convergence of multiple crises such as the energy crisis, soaring inflation and tightening debt, as well
                as the slowdown in global economic growth, lack of momentum and increased downward pressure are
                posing huge challenges to CRSC’s expansion into overseas markets.


                Response measures: The Company will actively explore the markets giving play to the dominant
                advantage brought by favourable foreign aid and overseas expansion policies of the State, obtain
                accurate information about the policies and dynamic trends of target countries, speed up the pace of
                overseas business expansion and industrial investment, strengthen efforts in international operations,
                actively fit into the competitive global market; optimize business structure, and innovate profit models and
                explore development opportunities.


          (VIII) Risk Relating to Depository Receipts


                □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


60   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                          AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     (IX) Other Material Risks


          ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


          Market competition risk: There are more competitors in the railway construction and urban rail transit
          markets; the adjustment of the railway construction model and the change in bidding rules for railway
          project construction are diminishing the development space for the Company’s traditional business,
          putting the Company under pressure from market competition.


          Response measures: The Company will adhere to a market- and technology-oriented management
          policy, strengthen the full linkage with technological innovation, stay ahead of industry peers in terms of
          overall competitiveness with technological development as the foundation, insist on providing customers
          with a good experience covering the whole life cycle of the project with efficient and quality services, and
          continuously enhance the brand influence.


V.   MAIN OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

     In 2022, the Company fully implemented the overall requirements of the CPC Central Committee on economic
     development and actively contributed to the major strategy of building a country with great transport strength.
     The Company advanced the development with technology-driven approach, carried out the reform to stimulate
     vitality, and adopted multi-pronged measures to steadily carry out special actions to improve quality and
     efficiency of development, achieving great growth in various operating and financial indicators.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company recorded revenue of RMB40.203 billion, representing a
     year-on-year increase of 4.81%, net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB3.634
     billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.96%, and net profit deducting non-recurring profit or loss
     attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB3.417 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 9.38%.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   61
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (I)   Main Business Analysis


                1.    Table of analysis of changes in relevant items in the income statement and cash flow statement


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Amount for the
                                                                  Amount for the         corresponding
                      Items                                        current period     period of last year     Change (%)


                      Revenue                                   40,203,207,773.29     38,358,297,108.78             4.81
                      Operating Cost                            30,680,741,586.09     29,846,875,671.34             2.79
                      Selling expenses                            812,111,306.78         796,771,857.42             1.93
                      Administrative expenses                    2,289,994,474.16      2,116,982,019.27             8.17
                      Finance costs                               -237,983,529.30       -312,381,754.25              N/A
                      Research and development expenses          1,689,810,596.63      1,638,494,903.20             3.13
                      Net cash flow generated from
                         operating activities                    2,082,161,660.88      2,768,701,491.06            -24.80
                      Net cash flows generated from
                         investing activities                     -150,941,966.87      -1,257,681,570.79             N/A
                      Net cash flows generated from
                         financing activities                   -2,418,846,499.11      -2,073,337,055.29             N/A


                      Particulars of material changes in business type, profit composition or source of the Company in the
                      current period


                      □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable




62   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
2.   Analysis of revenue and cost


     ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


     (1). Performance of main businesses by industry, product, region and sales model


                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan             Currency: RMB


          Main Businesses by Segment


                                                                                                         Increase/              Increase/
                                                                                                      decrease in            decrease in         Increase/decrease
                                                                                                       revenue as         operating cost      in gross profit margin
                                                                                   Gross profit      compared to         as compared to         as compared to the
          By segment                      Operating Revenue      Operating cost     margin (%)    the last year (%)      the last year (%)              last year (%)


                                                                                                                                                   Increased by 1.22
          Rail transit control system      29,408,391,368.97   21,231,816,680.78         27.80                4.73                   2.99          percentage points
                                                                                                                                                  Decreased by 0.22
          Equipment manufacturing           5,575,023,023.62    3,422,790,768.16         38.60               -0.33                   0.03           percentage point
                                                                                                                                                   Increased by 3.56
          Design and integration            9,757,309,028.26    5,659,048,227.37         42.00                1.43                  -4.44          percentage points
                                                                                                                                                   Increased by 1.27
          System implementation            14,076,059,317.09   12,149,977,685.25         13.68                9.38                   7.79          percentage points
                                                                                                                                                   Increased by 2.16
          Construction contracting         10,729,797,684.06    9,428,340,154.55         12.13                5.07                   2.56          percentage points
                                                                                                                                                 Increased by 26.62
          Others                               65,018,720.26      20,584,750.76          68.34               -0.16                 -45.77          percentage points




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022               63
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                            Main Businesses by Terminal Market


                                                                                                                         Increase/           Increase/
                                                                                                                      decrease in         decrease in        Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                       revenue as      operating cost     in gross profit margin
                                                                                                   Gross profit      compared to      as compared to        as compared to the
                            By terminal market            Operating Revenue      Operating cost     margin (%)    the last year (%)   the last year (%)             last year (%)


                                                                                                                                                               Increased by 2.20
                            Railway                        19,324,946,790.86   13,621,817,977.83         29.51                3.83                0.69         percentage points
                                                                                                                                                               Increased by 0.36
                            Urban transit                   8,579,991,599.60    6,482,739,067.64         24.44                2.57                2.09          percentage point
                                                                                                                                                              Decreased by 8.26
                            Overseas businesses             1,503,452,978.51    1,127,259,635.31         25.02               36.07               52.90         percentage points
                                                                                                                                                               Increased by 2.16
                            Construction contracting       10,729,797,684.06    9,428,340,154.55         12.13                5.07                2.56         percentage points
                                                                                                                                                             Increased by 26.62
                            Others                             65,018,720.26      20,584,750.76          68.34               -0.16              -45.77         percentage points


                            Main Businesses by Region


                                                                                                                         Increase/           Increase/
                                                                                                                      decrease in         decrease in        Increase/decrease
                                                                                                                       revenue as      operating cost     in gross profit margin
                                                                                                   Gross profit      compared to      as compared to        as compared to the
                            By region                     Operating Revenue      Operating cost     margin (%)    the last year (%)   the last year (%)             last year (%)


                                                                                                                                                               Increased by 1.77
                            China                          38,699,754,794.78   29,553,481,950.78         23.63                3.88                1.52         percentage points
                                                                                                                                                              Decreased by 8.26
                            Other countries and regions     1,503,452,978.51    1,127,259,635.31         25.02               36.07               52.90         percentage points




64   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
        Description of performance of main businesses by segment, terminal market and region


        In terms of revenue, in 2022, despite several adverse circumstances such as the overall
        slowdown in railway investment, the Company strived against the headwinds to achieve a
        year-on-year increase in the amount of newly-signed external contracts, made every effort
        to ensure the progress of key projects, and further promoted the special action of improving
        quality and efficiency, resulting in a year-on-year growth in revenue from all segments, apart
        from the equipment manufacturing segment which recorded a slight decline in revenue for the
        year.


        In terms of gross profit margin, the Company vigorously promoted project-based cost
        management, focused on project clean-up, stepped up efforts in centralized procurement
        of materials, and implemented project sophistication and construction standardized
        management, resulting in further improvement in revenue from the projects, a year-on-year
        increase in gross profit margin of the design and integration, system implementation and
        construction contracting, and a year-on-year increase of 1.50 percentage points in the overall
        gross profit margin.


        Revenue from overseas business for the year significantly increased by 36.07% as compared
        to the same period of last year, mainly because in 2022 the key projects under the “Belt &
        Road” Initiative such as the Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway in Indonesia, the railway
        dual-track reconstruction in Thailand, and the subway projects in Mexico advanced in an
        orderly manner, and the revenue recognized increased over the previous year.


   (2). Table of analysis of output and sales volume


        ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                                                                                  Increase/   Increase/     Increase/
                                                                                decrease in decrease in     decrease
                                                                                production        sales in inventory
                                                                                  output as volume as         level as
                                                                                 compared compared compared
                                               Production     Sales   Inventory to the last to the last to the last
        Main product             Unit              output   volume        level    year (%)    year (%)      year (%)


        Track circuit equipment Set                12,865   13,301       3,439          7.63        10.94       -11.25
        Train control and chain
           system equipment      Set                1,952    1,963         292        -27.70       -31.60        -3.63
        Signal relay             10,000 sets           57       60           4         23.91        25.00       -42.96
        Turnout switch equipment Set               15,339   14,604       1,619        -46.61       -50.82        83.14
        Transponder device       Set               30,445   29,460      11,816          0.42        -2.48         9.09




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022     65
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      (3). The performance of the material procurement contract and material sales contract


                            □ Applicable                ✓ Not applicable


                      (4). Table of cost analysis


                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB


                            By segment


                                                                                                                                                             Change of the
                                                                                                                                                                amount for
                                                                                                      Percentage                             Percentage         the current
                                                                                                       of amount                              of amount           period as
                                                                                                           for the           Amount               for the     compared to
                                                                                          Amount          current             for the corresponding             that for the
                                                                                           for the       period in    corresponding         period of the   corresponding
                                                                                          current       total cost      period of the        last year in         period of
                            Segment                  Cost item                             period              (%)          last year      total cost (%)     last year (%)    Description


                            Equipment manufacturing Raw material, subcontracting
                                                       costs, labor cost, etc.     3,422,790,768.16         11.16    3,421,823,804.96              11.46               0.30
                            Design and integration Raw material, subcontracting
                                                       costs, labor cost, etc.     5,659,048,227.37         18.44    5,921,930,936.62              19.84              -4.44
                            System implementation Raw material, subcontracting
                                                       costs, labor cost, etc.    12,149,977,685.25         39.60 11,271,853,009.22                37.77               7.79
                            Construction contracting Raw material, subcontracting
                                                       costs, labor cost, etc.     9,428,340,154.55         30.73    9,193,313,039.98              30.80               2.56
                            Others                   Labor cost, subcontracting
                                                       costs, etc.                    20,584,750.76          0.07      37,954,880.56                 0.13            -45.77




66   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                      AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
        By terminal market


                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                                        Change of the
                                                                                                                                           amount for
                                                                                  Percentage                           Percentage          the current
                                                                                   of amount                             of amount           period as
                                                                                       for the           Amount              for the     compared to
                                                                      Amount          current             for the   corresponding          that for the
                                                                       for the      period in     corresponding       period of the    corresponding
                                                                      current            total      period of the       last year in         period of
        Terminal market          Cost item                             period        cost (%)           last year    total cost (%)      last year (%)    Description


        Railway                  Raw material, subcontracting
                                   costs, labor cost, etc.    13,621,817,977.83         44.40 13,528,133,057.03               45.33               0.69
        Urban transit            Raw material, subcontracting
                                   costs, labor cost, etc.     6,482,739,067.64         21.13    6,350,229,196.43             21.28               2.09
        Construction contracting Raw material, subcontracting
                                   costs, labor cost, etc.     9,428,340,154.55         30.73    9,193,313,039.98             30.80               2.56
        Others                   Labor cost, subcontracting
                                   costs, etc.                    20,584,750.76          0.07      37,954,880.56               0.13             -45.77
        Overseas businesses      Raw material, subcontracting
                                   costs, labor cost, etc.     1,127,259,635.31          3.67     737,245,497.34               2.47              52.90


        Other explanations of cost analysis


        Operating cost in 2022 was RMB30,681 million, representing an increase of 2.79% which
        was 2.02 percentage points lower than the increase in revenue, as compared to RMB29,847
        million in the corresponding period of last year. The cost of equipment manufacturing segment
        was RMB3,423 million, representing an increase of 0.03% as compared to the corresponding
        period of last year; the cost of design and integration segment was RMB5,659 million,
        representing a decrease of 4.44% as compared to the corresponding period of last year; the
        cost of system implementation segment was RMB12,150 million, representing an increase
        of 7.79% as compared to the corresponding period of last year; the cost of construction
        contracting segment was RMB9,428 million, representing an increase of 2.56% as compared
        to the corresponding period of last year.


   (5). Changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in the equity of major subsidiaries
        during the Reporting Period


        □ Applicable                ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022               67
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                      (6). Information about significant changes in or adjustments to the Company’s business, products
                            or services during the Reporting Period


                            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                      (7). Information about main customers and main suppliers


                            A.    Information about main customers of the Company


                                  ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                  The sales to the top five customers were RMB20,490,537,236.62, accounting for
                                  50.97% of the annual total sales, of which sales to related parties was RMB0.


                                  Top five customers of the Company


                                  ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                           Whether there
                                                                                                              is a related
                                                                                                                     party
                                                                                          Percentage of     Relationship
                                              Name of                                      annual total    with the listed
                                  No.         customer                           Sales        sales (%)           company


                                  1           Customer 1              12,738,211,856.90           31.68                No
                                  2           Customer 2               2,703,770,022.01            6.73                No
                                  3           Customer 3               1,753,321,931.00            4.36                No
                                  4           Customer 4               1,671,029,042.15            4.16                No
                                  5           Customer 5               1,624,204,384.56            4.04                No


                                  Total       /                       20,490,537,236.62           50.97                  /




68   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
           Circumstances where the sales to a single customer exceeded 50% of the total sales,
           there were new customers among the top 5 customers or there was heavy reliance on a
           few customers during the Reporting Period


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           During the year 2022, none of the Directors, their close associates or Shareholders of
           the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the issued
           share capital of the Company) had any interests in the top five customers of the Group.


      B.   Information about main suppliers of the Company


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           The purchase from the top five suppliers was RMB1,457,819,514.53, accounting for
           4.75% of the annual total purchase amount, of which purchase from related parties was
           RMB0.


           Top five suppliers of the Company


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                       Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                      Whether there
                                                                                         is a related
                                                                  Percentage of                party
                                                                    annual total        relationship
                      Name of                                          purchase           with listed
           No.        supplier               Purchase amount         amount (%)          companies


           1          Supplier 1                428,340,982.41              1.40                  No
           2          Supplier 2                370,651,536.39              1.21                  No
           3          Supplier 3                277,886,726.00              0.91                  No
           4          Supplier 4                191,884,512.48              0.63                  No
           5          Supplier 5                189,055,757.25              0.62                  No

           Total      /                        1,457,819,514.53             4.75                    /




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   69
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                                  Circumstances where the purchases from a single supplier exceeded 50% of the total
                                  amount, there were new suppliers among the top five suppliers or there was a heavy
                                  reliance on a few suppliers during the Reporting Period


                                  □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                                  During the year 2022, none of Directors, their close associates or Shareholders of the
                                  Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the issued
                                  share capital of the Company) had any interests in the top five suppliers of the Group.


                3.    Expenses


                      ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                      The explanation on reasons for change in selling expenses: The selling expenses for the year were
                      RMB812 million, representing an increase of 1.93% compared with last year, primarily due to the
                      increase in sales volume.


                      The explanation on reasons for changes in administrative expenses: The administrative expenses
                      for the year were RMB2,290 million, representing an increase of 8.17% compared with the same
                      period of last year, primarily due to the increase in labor cost, depreciation expenses and safety
                      production expenses compared with last year.


                      The explanation on reasons for changes in financial costs: The financial income for the year was
                      RMB238 million, representing a decrease of RMB74 million compared with the same period of last
                      year, primarily due to the decrease in interest income and the increase in handling fees.


                      The explanation on reasons for changes in research and development expenses: The research
                      and development expenses for the year were RMB1,690 million, representing an increase of 3.13%
                      as compared to last year, primarily due to the Company’s continuous increase in research and
                      development investment in new products in order to consolidate its leading position in the industry.




70   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
       SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
       4.   Cash flow


            ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


            Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from operating activities: The net cash flow
            from operating activities was net inflow of RMB2,082 million, representing a decrease of RMB687
            million as compared to last year, mainly due to the decrease in cash received from the sale of
            goods or rendering of services for the year compared with last year.


            Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from investing activities: The net cash flow
            from investing activities was net outflow of RMB151 million, while the net cash flow from investing
            activities was net inflow of RMB1,258 million last year, mainly due to change in time deposits with
            maturity over three months and the decrease in cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
            assets and other long-term assets.


            Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from financing activities: The net cash flow
            from financing activities was net outflow of RMB2,419 million, and the cash flow from financing
            activities last year was net outflow of RMB2,073 million, mainly due to the decrease in cash
            received relating to other financing activities.


(II)   Explanation on material changes in profit due to non-main businesses


       □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   71
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (III) Analysis of assets and liabilities

                ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                1.    Assets-Liabilities analysis table


                                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Percentage
                                                                                        of amount at                            Percentage           Change of the
                                                                                       the end of the                         of amount at       amount at the end
                                                                      Amount at the    current period         Amount at      the end of last   of the current period
                                                                          end of the      to the total         the end of     period to the    as compared to that
                      Item                                            current period      assets (%)          last period   total assets (%)      of last period (%)   Remarks


                      Receivables for financing                     1,048,965,771.85             0.90    2,142,993,114.00              1.97                  -51.05
                      Other receivables                             1,579,389,304.96             1.35    1,093,595,430.95              1.00                   44.42
                      Long-term receivables                         5,909,956,266.76             5.06    3,713,734,908.20              3.41                   59.14
                      Short-term borrowings                          261,169,967.41              0.22      75,629,684.59               0.07                  245.33
                      Other payables                                1,485,075,980.09             1.27    1,063,620,223.11              0.98                   39.62
                      Non-current liabilities due within one year   1,237,094,658.03             1.06     328,560,596.20               0.30                  276.52


                      Other explanations


                      The decrease in receivables for financing was mainly due to the reclassification of commercial
                      acceptance bills to bills receivable.


                      The increase in other receivables was mainly due to the increase in advances receivable.


                      The increase in long-term receivables was mainly due to the increase in long-term receivables
                      recognized according to the progress of project schedule and the collection period agreed in the
                      contract.


                      The increase in short-term borrowings was mainly due to the increase in discounted bills undue.


                      The increase in other payables was mainly due to the increase in deposits and margins to be paid.


                      The increase in non-current liabilities due within one year was mainly due to the reclassification of
                      low-interest policy borrowings of joint-stock companies to long-term borrowings due within one year.




72   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
      SECTION IV                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                        AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
      2.   Information of overseas assets


            □ Applicable       ✓ Not applicable


      3.   Major assets subject to restriction by the end of the Reporting Period


            ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


            Item                                                                           Closing book value


            Cash and bank balances                                                              457,150,025.99
            Bills receivable                                                                    218,610,572.55
            Receivables for financing                                                            34,059,394.86
            Accounts receivable                                                                 465,060,456.80
            Other non-current assets                                                          4,728,042,641.60


      4.   Other explanations


            □ Applicable       ✓ Not applicable


(IV) Analysis of operations information in the industry

      ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


      Please refer to Section IV “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Directors” in this
      annual report for details.


(V)   Analysis of investment


      Overall analysis of investment in external equities


      ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the long-term equity investment of the Company was RMB1,505
      million, representing an increase of RMB127 million, or 9.20%, as compared to the beginning of the year.
      For details, please refer to “VII. Note (XVII) to Items in the Consolidated Financial Statements” of Section
      XI Financial Report in this report.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    73
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
                1.    Material equity investment


                      □ Applicable                   ✓ Not applicable


                2.    Material non-equity investment


                      □ Applicable                   ✓ Not applicable


                3.    Financial assets measured at fair value


                      ✓ Applicable                 □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan            Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                  changes in
                                                                               Changes in fair      fair value   Impairment        Other changes
                                                                                     value for    recognized     accrued for   (increase/decrease)
                      Item                                 Opening balance         the period       in equity     the period        for the period      Closing balance


                      Financial assets
                      1. Other equity instrument
                        investments                         1,124,819,159.20                –               –             –                     –       1,124,819,159.20
                        Including: non-listed equity
                        investments                         1,124,819,159.20                –               –             –                     –       1,124,819,159.20
                      2. Receivables for financing          2,142,993,114.00                –               –             –      -1,094,027,342.15      1,048,965,771.85


                      Subtotal                              3,267,812,273.20                –               –             –      -1,094,027,342.15      2,173,784,931.05




74   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
    SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     4.   Details about the progress of significant asset restructuring and integration during the
          Reporting Period


           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


(VI) Disposal of significant assets and equity interest


     □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


(VII) Analysis of major companies controlled and invested by the Company


     ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


     For details, please refer to “VII. Note (XVII) to Items in the Consolidated Financial Statements” and “IX.
     Interests in Other Entities” of Section XI Financial Report in this report.


(VIII) Status of the structured entity controlled by the Company


     □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


(IX) Use of proceeds raised from H shares


     The proceeds raised from H shares amounted to approximately RMB9,104 million. As of 31 December
     2022, a total of RMB8,536 million of proceeds raised from H shares have been used, of which RMB2,731
     million was used in long-term research and development, including the construction of the CRSC Railway
     Transportation Research Center and technology research projects; RMB1,821 million was used in the
     fixed asset investments, including the technical overhaul of CRSC Xi’xin production base, the Company’s
     subsidiary, and Changsha Industrial Park; RMB108 million was used in general equity acquisition;
     RMB1,253 million was used in investment of Tianshui Tramcar project and other PPP projects related
     to railway transportation; and RMB2,623 million was used to supplement working capital (On 12 June
     2020, the Company convened the general meeting and considered and approved the Resolution on
     Change in the Use of Proceeds Raised from H Shares, according to which the Company intends to
     change the portion of the proceeds of RMB1,713 million allocated for general domestic and overseas
     acquisition to general domestic and overseas purposes (supplementing working capital)). The Company
     confirms that, apart from RMB1,713 million allocated for general domestic and overseas acquisition, the
     proposed usage plan of the aforesaid proceeds is consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the
     prospectus.


     Apart from the aforesaid use of funds, as of 31 December 2022, the Company’s remaining proceeds
     raised from H shares amounting to RMB568 million have not been used (PPP projects related to railway
     transportation), and are expected to be used up in the coming two years. The intended usage of the
     aforesaid proceeds is consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the prospectus.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   75
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     VI.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OVER THE FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY

           (I)   Industry landscape and trends


                 ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                 Internationally, there are widespread problems in terms of technical standards and product certification in
                 overseas markets, and recognition of Chinese standards varies in different regions, which hinder Chinese
                 standards from going global and to some extent dominate the competitive landscape of the industry. First,
                 out of regional protection which is inevitable, overseas countries have different rail transit control systems,
                 standards and railway management measures. Second, most overseas owners are used to European
                 and American standards for long and still have doubts about Chinese standards. Third, there are many
                 kinds of safety certification for products in most overseas rail transit control system markets so that most
                 domestic products need to be re-certified before entering the market, which increases time cost. Fourth,
                 due to increasing problems in overseas rail transit control, many countries impose stringent requirements
                 on the construction experience and professional qualification of bidders, making market development
                 even harder.


                 However, the impact of the above-mentioned factors on large international enterprises such as Siemens
                 and Alstom, which have long been committed to the international market, is relatively small, and in
                 general, the gradual integration of enterprises competing in the field of rail transportation control system
                 across the globe points to a trend of dominance by the oligarchs; domestic industry peers or leading
                 general contractors have been involved in the field of signal & communication, which will lead to a more
                 intense competition landscape; and the intensified strategic competition between the U.S. and China has
                 exerted a great impact on Chinese enterprises’ entry into the European and American markets.


                 On the domestic front, first, due to the overall slowdown in railway infrastructure investment, railway
                 enterprises must make every effort to increase their share in market segments they have operated
                 or expand presence to other segments to take market share from other external enterprises, and
                 only in this way can they ensure a steady increase in the overall number of projects undertaken on
                 the market, which will inevitably lead to intensified competition. Second, with the promotion of “one
                 company in one province” system reform by CNRG and provincial governments, provincial and municipal
                 governments are increasing investment in high-speed railways and intercity railways, the owner unit is
                 being reorganized on a large scale, and multiple parties compete with each other in respect of project
                 construction and operation leadership, which will add complexity to market operation in the future.
                 Third, large infrastructure projects biddings have begun to require overall and total package for all the
                 professional fields, which sets higher requirements for the comprehensive strength of bidding enterprises
                 and entails constant enhancement in the all-round industry capabilities of enterprises. Fourth, with a
                 high value-added value, the rail transportation control system sector attracts the attention from rail transit
                 enterprises, and the existing players are not willing to lag behind, so the market competition will become
                 more intense in the coming period.




76   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
       SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
       From a comprehensive point of view, the overall competition pattern of the rail transit industry will not
       change greatly in the short term. Subject to the qualification, performance and other threshold restrictions,
       in the area of “Four Electric Systems” integration in passenger train-dedicated high-speed railway, CRSC
       will mainly compete with China Railway Electrification Bureau, China Railway Wuhan Electrification
       Bureau and China Railway Construction Electrification Bureau, followed by other five or six subsidiaries
       under CREC and CRCC. The future market competition is expected to be more complicated, which will
       impose higher requirement for the overall market management ability and level of the enterprises. In
       the field of railroad core control system, China Academy of Railway Sciences continues to develop the
       market under the policy support of CNRG, and enterprises such as HollySys and Jiaoda Microunion
       remain competitive in subdominant products, but in the foreseeable period of time, CRSC will secure
       its leadership on the market. In the field of urban rail control system, although some enterprises try to
       make a breakthrough, according to the overall market performance in recent years, the market remained
       dominated by the leading enterprises. It is expected that enterprises such as Traffic Control Technology
       and INSIGMA will continue to challenge the leading position of CRSC, and the market share of each
       enterprise may fluctuate to some extent.


(II)   Development strategies of the Company


       ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


       As a leading integrated rail transportation control system solution provider in the world, for the purpose
       of continuously consolidating and strengthening our leadership in the global market, in view of the
       development trend in the industry and the Company’s abundant resources, and based on the strategic
       orientation of “holding fast to the main responsibility, leading by innovation, highlighting core business,
       and synergizing with diversification”, the Company will implement the business strategy of “six cores,
       one body and two wings”, develop six core businesses including “signal (control) system, information
       communication, power electrification, general project contracting, investment and operation, and
       intelligent manufacturing”, give play to the advantage of the whole industrial chain integration on “design
       and R&D, equipment manufacturing, and engineering installation”, strengthen the operation of international
       and domestic markets, establish a “rail transportation + N” industrial pattern, so as to build an industry
       group featuring rail transportation, world-leading system technology and world-class comprehensive
       strength.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022    77
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (III) Business plans


                ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                In 2023, CRSC will make continued efforts to seek progress while maintaining stability. The Company will
                pursue synergistic coordination in strategies, targets, factors and tasks along the high-end development
                route and focus on ensuring stable growth, optimizing the industrial system, making breakthrough in
                scientific and technological innovation, enhancing safety and quality, deepening reform, improving
                corporate governance and guarding against development risks, make efforts in consolidating the
                foundation, improving weak links and making full use of advantages, constantly strengthen, optimize,
                expand and cultivate its brand portfolio to drive higher-quality development. The Company will make
                every effort to complete all the operation targets in 2023 and put into practice the value preservation and
                appreciation of state-owned capital.


          (IV) Others


                □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


     VII. MATTERS THAT THE COMPANY FAILED TO DISCLOSE ACCORDING TO THE RULES AS THE
          RULES WERE NOT APPLICABLE OR STATE SECRETS OR TRADE SECRETS WERE INVOLVED
          OR FOR OTHER SPECIAL REASONS AND DESCRIPTIONS OF SUCH REASONS

          □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


     VIII. OTHER DISCLOSURES

          (I)   Environmental Policies and Performance of the Company


                Environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the section VI “Environmental and
                Social Responsibilities and Other Corporate Governance Matters” of this report.


                Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the “2022
                Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published concurrently on the date of 2022 annual report
                of the Company.




78   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
       SECTION IV               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(II)   Compliance with Laws and Regulations


       As the Group’s main businesses are to provide specialized one-stop solution of design and integration,
       equipment manufacturing and system implementation services for rail transportation control systems to
       our customers, the Group is subject to relevant PRC policies, laws and regulations, including the Railway
       Law of the People’s Republic of China (         ) and the Production Safety Law of the
                                            《中華人民共和國鐵路法》
       People’s Republic of China (           ) and is under supervision of other government
                                 《中華人民共和國安全生產法》
       authorities. Such laws, regulations and policies mainly govern the operation and management of railway
       industry. In addition, all business operations of the Group are subject to the laws and regulations
       regarding quality, safety production, environmental protection, intellectual property and labor. Any
       violation of those laws and regulations may result in sanctions, including warnings, penalties and order to
       rectify, which may have an adverse impact on the Group’s business operation and future development.


       In addition, the Group is required to obtain and maintain valid permits, licenses, certificates and approvals
       from various governmental authorities or institutions under relevant laws and regulations for our
       businesses of design and integration, product manufacturing and system delivery services. The Group
       must comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by various levels of governmental authorities
       to maintain the Group’s permits, licenses, certificates and approvals. Should the Group fail to comply
       with any of the regulations or meet any of the conditions required for the maintenance of the Group’s
       permits, licenses, certificates and approvals, such permits, licenses, certificates and approvals could
       be temporarily suspended or even revoked, or the renewal thereof, upon expiry of their original terms,
       may be delayed or rejected, which could materially and adversely impact our Group’s business, financial
       condition and results of operations.


       As a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liabilities and listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange
       and Science and Technology Innovation Board of SSE, the Company is governed by various applicable
       domestic laws and regulations including Company Law, the Production Safety Law of the People’s
       Republic of China (           ) and the Management Guideline on Comprehensive
                        《中華人民共和國安全生產法》
       Risk of Central Enterprises (           ) promulgated by the SASAC, as well as the
                                  《中央企業全面風險管理指引》
       Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and SSE and other securities regulatory rules.


       The Group has implemented internal control measures to ensure its compliance with such laws and
       regulations. Based on a comprehensive review of the business performance of the Group, the Board is of
       the view that the Group has been in compliance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations in
       all material respects.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022    79
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (III) Performance and Distribution


                The performance of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the financial position of the
                Group as at 31 December 2022 are set out in the section XI “Financial Report” of this report.


                The implementation of cash dividend policy of the Company during the Reporting Period is set out in the
                section V “Corporate Governance” of this report.


          (IV) Distribution Plan and Policy of Dividend


                The Company’s distribution plan and policy of dividend is set out in the section V “Corporate Governance”
                of this report.


          (V)   Issued Share Capital


                As of 31 December 2022, the total share capital of the Company was RMB10,589,819,000, divided into
                10,589,819,000 shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each. Details of the change of the share capital
                of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the note VII. (LIII) of the section XI “Financial
                Report” in this report.


          (VI) Repurchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company


                During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiary repurchased, sold or
                redeemed any of the listed securities of the Company under the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock
                Exchange.


          (VII) Property, Plant and Equipment


                Details of property, plant and equipment of the Group for 2022 are set out in the note VII. (XXI) of the
                section XI “Financial Report” in this report.


                At the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had no investment properties or properties held for
                development and/or sale with one or more of the percentage ratios (as defined under Rule 14.04 (9) of
                the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) exceeding 5%.


          (VIII) Taxation


                Details of the taxation of the Group for 2022 are set out in note VI of the section XI “Financial Report” in
                this report.




80   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
      SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                       AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(IX) Events After the Balance Sheet Date


      Details of the events after the balance sheet date of the Group are set out in the note XV of the section XI
      “Financial Report” in this report.


(X)   Capital Reserve, Surplus Reserve and Special Reserve


      Details of the capital reserve, surplus reserve and special reserve of the Group for 2022 are set out in the
      note VII. (LV), (LIX), (LVIII) of the section XI “Financial Report” in this report.


(XI) Distributable Reserve


      The distributable reserve of the Company as of 31 December 2022 is set out in the note VII. (LX) of the
      section XI “Financial Report” in this report.


(XII) Staff


      Staff is the key for the Group’s sustainable development. Details of the staff of the Group are set out in
      the section V “Corporate Governance” of this report.


(XIII) Bank and Other Borrowings


      Details of the bank and other borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2022 are set out in the note
      VII. (XXXII), (XLV) of the section XI “Financial Report” in this report.


(XIV) External Donations


      In 2022, the Company donated a total of RMB595,000.00 to various organizations including local charities
      and governments of impoverished counties.


(XV) Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management


      The information on the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company is set out in the
      section V “Corporate Governance” of this report.


(XVI) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management


      Changes in the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company are set out in the section
      V “Corporate Governance” of this report.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    81
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (XVII) Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors


                Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company, the principal
                particulars of which comprise: (1) the term is from the date of appointment and until the date of the
                expiration of the incumbent Board/the incumbent Supervisory Committee; and (2) it could be terminated
                in accordance with their respective terms.


                Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors has entered into or intends to enter into
                a service contract with any member of the Group (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the
                relevant employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


                Save as service contracts, there were no any management and administration contracts in relation to the
                whole or any significant part of the business signed or existed.


          (XVIII) Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management


                Remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors are paid in the form of fees, salaries, pension-defined
                contribution, discretionary bonuses, housing allowances and other allowances and benefits in kind.


                Details of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Company are set out in the
                note XII. (V) of the section XI “Financial Report” in this report.


                During the Reporting Period, the remuneration scale of the Senior Management members (except for
                Dr. NGAI Wai Fung, one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, who serves as the director of
                SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited and Chief Executive Officer of the Group) whose
                biographical details are set out in this report is disclosed in the section V “Corporate Governance” of this
                report.


          (XIX) Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts


                During the Reporting Period, the Group did not participate in, directly or indirectly, concluding
                transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in which any Director or the Supervisor or any
                entity which he or she was related to was materially interested, and related to the businesses of the
                Company and were subsisting during or by the end of the year.


                1.    Interests of Directors in Competing Businesses


                      During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors or any of their
                      respective associates had any competing interests in the businesses which, directly or indirectly,
                      competed or were likely to compete with the Company.




82   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
    SECTION IV                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                      AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
     2.    Directors and Supervisors Serving in Competing Businesses


           The businesses of the Group are partially competing with those of CRSC Group. The Company’s
           executive Directors, Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, Mr. XU Zongxiang and Mr. ZHANG Quan, devote most
           of their time into the management of the Company’s daily operations. The information about the
           Directors of the Company who held positions in CRSC Group is set out in the section V “Corporate
           Governance” of this report.


           Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective associates
           had any interests in the businesses which competed or were likely to compete with the Group,
           or had any other conflict of interests with the Group. The Company further confirms that, save as
           disclosed above, as at the date of this report, members of the Senior Management of the Company
           have not involved in the daily operations of the businesses of CRSC Group which compete with the
           Group’s businesses.

(XX) Directors’, Supervisors’ and the Company’s Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
     Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations

     As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any
     interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which will have to be notified to the
     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities
     and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) (including interests or short positions which he is taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or will be required, pursuant to the Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the
     Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange.

(XXI) Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Purchase Shares or Debentures

     None of the Directors or Supervisors or any of their respective associates was granted by the Company
     or its subsidiaries any right to purchase the shares or debentures of the Company or any other corporate
     body, or had exercised any such right.

(XXII) Financial, Business and Family Relationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior
       Management Members

     As at the date of this report, there were no financial, business or family relationships among the Directors,
     Supervisors and Senior Management members of the Company.

(XXIII) Directors’ Insurance

     As at the date of this report, the Company maintained effective directors’ insurance for the Directors of
     the Company.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    83
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (XXIV) Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders in Shares and Underlying Shares


                The shareholdings of substantial shareholders in the Company are set out in the section VIII “Changes in
                Shares and Particulars of Shareholders – (VI) Interests and short positions of substantial shareholders in
                shares and underlying shares of the Company” of this report.


          (XXV) Arrangements for Share Pre-Emptive Right and Share Option Scheme


                In 2022, the Company did not have any share pre-emptive right and share option scheme, as there are
                no specific provisions under the PRC laws or the Articles of Associations of the Company regarding share
                pre-emptive right.


          (XXVI) Public Float


                As of the date of this report, according to the information publicly available to the Company, and to the
                knowledge of the Directors of the Company, the Company has sufficient public float to meet the minimum
                requirement for public float under Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


          (XXVII) Connected Transactions


                The connected transactions of the Company are set out in the section VII “Significant Events” of this
                report.


          (XXVIII) Related Party Transactions


                The Group entered into certain transactions with the relevant parties considered to be “related parties”
                pursuant to applicable accounting standards during the Reporting Period. Details of the related party
                transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period are disclosed in the note 12 to the
                Financial Report. Save as those disclosed in this report, the related parties transactions disclosed in
                the note 12 were either not considered to be connected transactions as defined by the Listing Rules of
                the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or be exempted from the reporting, announcement and shareholders’
                approval requirements pursuant to the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, of which the
                matters constituting connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
                Stock Exchange complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of the
                Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


          (XXIX) Non-Exempt Connected Transactions


                Save as those disclosed in this report, there were no other non-exempt connected transactions as defined
                by the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange entered into by the Company with its connected
                persons during the Reporting Period.




84   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
    SECTION IV                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(XXX) Audit and Risk Management Committee


      The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company has reviewed the annual results and the
      annual report of the Company for 2022 as well as the audited consolidated financial statements for the
      year ended 31 December 2022 of the Group.


(XXXI) Accounting Policies


      Changes to the accounting policies of the Company are set out in the section VII “Significant Events” of
      this report.


(XXXII) Auditors


      Pursuant to the requirements under the Circular on the Issues Relating to Accounting Firms Undertaking
      Audit of Final Financial Accounts of Central State-Owned Enterprises (Cai Kuai [2011] No. 24) (
                                                                                                   《關於
                               (財會[2011]24 號)) (the “Circular”) issued by
      會計師事務所承擔中央企業財務決算審計有關問題的通知》
      the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the State-owned Assets Supervision and
      Administration Commission of the State Council, the term of audit services provided by Ernst & Young
      Hua Ming LLP (安永華明會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥)) and Baker Tilly China Certified Public Accountants
      LLP (天職國際會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥)) for the Company has reached the longest consecutive audit
      period specified in the Circular. The Company must change the external audit service institutions in 2022.
      In March 2022, the Board proposed to engage BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP
      as the external auditor of the Company for 2022 with a term of one year.


      On 10 June 2022, the Company held the 2021 annual general meeting, at which the Resolution on
      Appointment of Auditor for 2022 was considered and approved, and decided to engage BDO China Shu
      Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP as the financial auditor of the Company for 2022.


      In 23 March 2023, the Board proposed to reappoint BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants
      LLP as the external auditor of the Company for 2023, and the term of the appointment was proposed to
      be effective upon conclusion of the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting and until the conclusion
      of the Company’s 2023 annual general meeting. The above proposal is subject to the approval at the
      Company’s 2022 annual general meeting.


      The Company has not changed auditor for the past three years, except for the aforementioned change of
      auditor at the 2021 annual general meeting on 10 June 2022.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   85
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
          (XXXIII) Pension Schemes


                Post-employment benefits


                The post-employment benefit plans are classified into defined contribution plans and defined benefit
                plans. Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays
                fixed contributions into a separate fund and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further
                contributions; defined benefit plans are post-employment benefit plans other than defined contribution
                plans. For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to basic pension insurance, enterprise
                annuity and unemployment insurance for the employees during the Reporting Period, while defined
                benefit plans are mainly supplementary retirement benefits.


                1.    Basic pension insurance


                      Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group has participated in basic
                      pension insurance for the employees arranged by local labour and social security authorities.


                      The Group makes contributions to the pension insurance at the applicable rates based on the
                      amounts stipulated by the local government organisations. The contributions are charged to the
                      profit or loss on an accrual basis. When employees retire, the local labour and social security
                      authorities are responsible for the payment of the basic pension benefits to the retired employees.


                2.    Enterprise annuity


                      In addition to these basic social pension plans, the employees of the Group joined in the Enterprise
                      Annuity Plan of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (the “Annuity Plan”)
                      established by the Group according to the state enterprise annuity system. The Group contributes
                      to the Annuity Plan based on certain percentages of the employees’ gross salaries, which are
                      expensed in profit or loss when the contributions are made.




86   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION IV              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
3.   Supplementary retirement benefits


     The Group pays supplementary retirement benefits for its employees in Mainland China who retired
     on or before 31 December 2012 in addition to the contributions made to statutory insurance plans.
     Such supplementary retirement benefits are defined benefit plans.


     The Group’s obligations in respect of supplementary retirement benefits are calculated by
     estimating the amount of obligations that the Group is committed to paying to the employees after
     their retirement using actuarial techniques.


     At the end of each Reporting Period, such obligations are discounted with interest yield of
     government bonds with similar duration. The service cost and net interest from the supplementary
     retirement benefits are recognised in profit or loss, and the remeasurements are recognised in other
     comprehensive income.


     Pursuant to the requirements of accounting standards, the Group carries out actuarial evaluation
     for its defined benefit plans and makes provision for liabilities. However, no planned asset has been
     established for the defined benefit plans, and there is no funding as at 31 December 2022.


                                                             By order of the Board
                                       China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                ZHOU Zhiliang
                                                                  Chairman




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   87
     SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     I.    RELEVANT EXPLANATIONS ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism
           with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, firmly implemented the new development concept, thoroughly
           implemented the spirit of documents such as the Opinions of the State Council on Further Improving the
           Quality of Listed Companies, strictly complied with the laws and regulations including the Company Law, the
           Securities Law and the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, and the provisions of Shanghai
           Stock Exchange, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and built a modern corporate governance structure
           with “the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and senior management” as the mainstay.
           All governance entities performed their respective powers and functions and operated in a standardized,
           coordinated and effective manner, and Directors, Supervisors and senior management performed their duties
           diligently and faithfully in accordance with the laws, thus the corporate governance standard was improved
           further.


           The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code as its corporate governance code. During the
           Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate
           Governance Code and, where applicable, adopted recommended best practices.


           Whether there is any significant difference between corporate governance and laws, administrative regulations
           and relevant requirements of the CSRC on listed company governance; if there is a significant difference, the
           reasons shall be explained


           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


     II.   EXPLANATION OF THE COMPANY ON LOSING INDEPENDENCE OR INDEPENDENT
           MANAGEMENT ABILITY WITH RESPECT TO BUSINESS, PERSONNEL, ASSETS, INSTITUTIONS,
           FINANCE, ETC. WITH ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           The controlling shareholders, actual controllers and other entities under their control are engaged in the same
           or similar business as the Company, as well as the impact of horizontal competition or major changes in
           horizontal competition on the Company, the resolution measures that have been taken, the progress of the
           resolution and the follow-up resolution plan


           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           The controlling shareholders, actual controllers and other entities under their control are engaged in horizontal
           competition that has a significant adverse impact on the Company


           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




88   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      SECTION V                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


III.   BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO SHAREHOLDER’S GENERAL MEETINGS

                                                     Index of website
                                                     designated for     Disclosure date
                                                     publication of     of the publication
       Name of meeting            Time of meeting    the resolutions    of the resolutions   Resolutions


       2022 First Extraordinary   25 February 2022   www. sse.com.cn    25 February 2022     1.   The resolution on the appointment of Non-independent
         General Meeting                             www.hkexnews.hk                              Directors of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the
                                                                                                  Company was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             2.   The resolution on the appointment of Independent Directors
                                                                                                  of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the
                                                                                                  Company was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             3.   The resolution on the appointment of Shareholder
                                                                                                  Representative Supervisors of the fourth session of the
                                                                                                  Supervisory Committee of the Company was considered and
                                                                                                  approved at the meeting;
       2021 Annual General        10 June 2022       www. sse.com.cn    10 June 2022         1.   The resolution on Report of the Board of Directors for 2021 of
         Meeting                                     www.hkexnews.hk                              China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                                  was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             2.   The resolution on Report of the Supervisory Committee for
                                                                                                  2021 of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                                                                                                  Limited was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             3.   The resolution on Annual Report for 2021 of China Railway
                                                                                                  Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered
                                                                                                  and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             4.   The resolution on Final Account Report for 2021 of China
                                                                                                  Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was
                                                                                                  considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             5.   The resolution on Profit Distribution Plan for 2021 of China
                                                                                                  Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was
                                                                                                  considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             6.   The resolution on the appointment of auditors for 2022 was
                                                                                                  considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             7.   The resolution on remuneration of Directors and Supervisors
                                                                                                  of the Company for 2021 was considered and approved at
                                                                                                  the meeting;
                                                                                             8.   The resolution on Authorization to Deal with Matters
                                                                                                  regarding the Purchase of Liability Insurance of Directors,
                                                                                                  Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company was
                                                                                                  considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                                             9.   The resolution on General Mandate to Issue Debt Financing
                                                                                                  Instruments was considered and approved at the meeting;
       2022 Second Extraordinary 29 August 2022      www. sse.com.cn    29 August 2022       1.   The resolution on the appointment of Mr. ZHANG Quan as an
         General Meeting                             www.hkexnews.hk                              executive Director of China Railway Signal & Communication
                                                                                                  Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the
                                                                                                  meeting;


                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022              89
     SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           Shareholders of preference shares with restored voting rights request convening extraordinary general
           meetings


           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           Explanation on the General Meetings


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           1.   On 25 February 2022, the Company held the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting by way of on-site
                meeting. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Resolutions of the 2022 First Extraordinary
                General Meeting of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited dated 25 February 2022.


           2.   On 10 June 2022, the Company held the 2021 Annual General Meeting by way of on-site meeting. For
                details, please refer to the Announcement on Resolutions of 2021 Annual General Meeting of China
                Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited dated 10 June 2022.


           3.   On 29 August 2022, the Company held the 2022 second extraordinary general meeting by way of on-site
                meeting. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Resolutions of the 2022 Second Extraordinary
                General Meeting of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited dated 29 August 2022.


           For other policies and arrangements relating to investor relations, please refer to Section VI “Environmental
           and Social Responsibilities and Other Corporate Governance Matters – IV. Other Corporate Governance – (II)
           Investor Relationships and Protection” in this annual report.


     IV.   SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

           To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, the Company will propose a separate resolution for each
           substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.


           All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Rules Governing the
           Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and poll results will be posted on the websites of the
           Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange after each general meeting.


           Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries to the Board could send their enquiries to the
           Company’s headquarters in the PRC (at 20/F, CRSC Building A, 1 Compound, Automobile Museum South
           Road, Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC) or by email to ir@crsc.cn. H shareholders may contact Computershare
           Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, the H Share Registrar of the Company, if they have any enquiries about
           their shareholdings and entitlements to dividend.




90   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


1.   Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders


     According to the Articles of Association of the Company, where shareholders request to hold an
     extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, the following procedures shall be followed:


     (I)    Shareholders who individually or jointly hold 10% or more of the voting Shares at the proposed
            meeting may make a proposal to the Board on holding an extraordinary general meeting or class
            meeting by signing one or several written requests with same contents in the same format and
            define the meeting topic. The above shareholders shall guarantee that the contents of the proposal
            shall be in compliance with the laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
            The Board shall convene such meeting as soon as possible upon receipt of the aforesaid written
            request. The aforesaid number of shares shall be calculated as of the close of the date on which
            such Shareholders request to convene the meeting in writing or, if it falls on a non-trading date, the
            prior trading date on which such shareholders request to convene the meeting in writing;


     (II)   If the Board is unable to or fails to perform its duty of convening an extraordinary general meeting
            or class meeting, the Supervisory Committee shall convene and preside over such meeting in
            a timely manner; if the Supervisory Committee cannot convene and preside over such meeting,
            shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than 10% of the Company’s shares for more than
            90 consecutive days may independently convene and preside over such meeting.


2.   Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings


     According to the Articles of Association of the Company, in the event the Company convenes a general
     meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and shareholders individually or jointly holding more than
     3% of the Company’s shares are entitled to submit proposals in writing to the Company. Shareholders
     individually or jointly holding more than 3% of the Company’s shares may submit ad hoc proposals to
     the convener in writing ten days prior to the general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary
     notice of the general meeting and announce the content of such ad hoc proposals within two days
     after receipt thereof. Except as provided above, the convener shall not amend the proposals set out in
     the notice of the general meeting or add any new proposals subsequent to the issue of the notice of
     the general meeting. The general meeting shall not carry out the voting and adopt resolutions on the
     proposals that are not stated in the notice of the general meeting or fail to meet the requirements under
     Article 76 of the Articles of Association of the Company.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    91
     SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           3.   Communication with Shareholders and Investors/Investors Relations


                The Company considers effective communication with shareholders essential for enhancing investor
                relations and investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
                also fully recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information, which
                will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions. General meetings of the
                Company provide a forum for face-to-face communication between the Board and the shareholders.
                The chairman of the Board as well as chairmen of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
                Evaluation Committee and the Audit and Risk Management Committee or, in their absence, other
                members of the respective committees and, where applicable, the chairman of the independent Board
                committee, are available to answer questions at general meetings.


                To promote effective communication, the Company establishes its website and posts latest information
                and updates on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
                governance practices and other information for public access. The Company has reviewed the above
                shareholders communication policy and its implementation during the year and believed that it was
                adequate and effective in the protection of investors.


                For other policies and arrangements relating to investor relations, please refer to Section VI “Environmental
                and Social Responsibilities and Other Corporate Governance Matters – IV. Other Corporate Governance
                – (II) Investor relationships and protection” in this annual report.


     V.    IMPLEMENTATION AND CHANGES OF VOTING RIGHTS DIFFERENCE ARRANGEMENT
           DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


     VI.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF RED-CHIP STRUCTURE

           □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




92   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     VII. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

                        (I)   The Changes in Shareholding and Remunerations of Current and Resigned Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Core
                              Technicians During the Reporting Period


                              ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: share


                                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                                                                       before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                    remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                    obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                           Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                                 at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                           beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                                       Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SECTION V
                              Name              Position (note)         Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                              ZHOU Zhiliang    Executive Director,      Male      59 January 2012      February 2025                 –               –            –            –           130.07             No
                                                  Chairman
                              XU Zongxiang     Executive Director       Male      60 February 2020     February 2025                 –               –            –            –           118.83             No
                                               President                               December 2019
                              ZHANG Quan       Executive Director       Male      52 August 2022       February 2025                 –               –            –            –            14.41             No
                              YANG Yongsheng Executive Director         Male      54 August 2018       August 2022                                                                          86.07             No
                                                  (Resigned)
                              YAO Guiqing      Independent              Male      67 August 2018       February 2025                 –               –            –            –            10.00             No
                                               Non-executive Director
                              GUO Yonghong     Non-executive Director   Male      59 March 2021        February 2025                 –               –            –            –             0.00             No
                              YAO Cho Fai      Independent              Male      57 February 2022     February 2025                 –               –            –            –            12.53             No
                              Andrew           Non-executive Director
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


93
94



                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                                                         Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SECTION V
                                                                                                                                                               at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                                                         beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                                                                     Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                                                           Name             Position (note)           Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                                                           FU Junyuan      Independent                Male      61 February 2022     February 2025                                                                         5.00             No
                                                                           Non-executive Director
                                                           CHEN Jin’en     Independent                Male      68 May 2015          February 2022                                                                         3.00             No
                                                                           Non-executive Director
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                              (Resigned)
                                                           CHAN Ka Keung   Independent                Male      71 August 2018       February 2022                                                                         6.27             No
                                                           Peter           Non-executive Director
                                                                              (Resigned)
                                                           KONG Ning       Chairman of the            Male      58 February 2020     February 2025                 –               –            –            –            59.19             No
                                                                              Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

                                                           LI Tienan       Shareholder                Female    53 February 2020     February 2025                 –               –            –            –             0.00             No
                                                                              Representative
                                                                              Supervisor
                                                           YANG Yang       Employee Representative Female       45 February 2022     February 2025                                                                        38.13             No
                                                                              Supervisor
                                                           LI Lianqing     Chief Accountant           Male      54 June 2022                                       –               –            –            –            21.62             No
                                                                           Secretary to the Board                    July 2022
                                                                              and Joint Company
                                                                              Secretary
                                                                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                                                                                                                before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                             remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                             obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                    Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                          at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                    beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                                Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                     Name              Position (note)           Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                     HU Shaofeng      Chief Accountant           Male      55 July 2016         April 2022                                                                           88.91             No
                                         (Resigned)
                                      Secretary to the Board                    January 2022    April 2022
                                         and Joint Company
                                         Secretary (Resigned)
                     ZHAO Xiaodong    Vice President             Male      48 December 2018                                                                                         121.60             No
                     ZHANG Zhihui     Vice President             Male      47 December 2018                                   –               –            –            –           121.60             No
                                                                                                                                                                                                             SECTION V
                                      Chief Engineer                            October 2016
                     WAN Baohua       Vice President             Male      49 May 2022                                                                                               28.82
                     CHEN Shikui      Chief Compliance Officer   Male      51 October 2022                                                                                            7.20             No
                                      Supervisor (Resigned)                     August 2018     February 2022                                                                         2.40             No
                     HUANG Weizhong Vice President (Resigned) Male         57 April 2013        February 2023                                                                       108.21             No
                     QIU Wei          Board secretary and Joint Female     49 October 2019      January 2022                                                                            0              No
                                         Company Secretary
                                         (Resigned)
                     FU Gang          Director of Safety         Male      42 July 2022                                       –               –            –            –           131.00             No
                                         Supervision and
                                         Management
                                         Department of China
                                         Railway Signal &
                                         Communication
                                         Corporation Limited
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


95
96



                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                                                       Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                SECTION V
                                                                                                                                                             at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                                                       beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                                                                   Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                                                           Name          Position (note)            Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                                                           MA Lilan     Technical consultant of     Female    56 April 2021        April 2023                    –               –            –            –               –              No
                                                                           CRSC Research &
                                                                           Design Institute Group
                                                                           Co., Ltd. (CRSCD)
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           JIANG Ming   Deputy Chief Engineer       Male      45 February 2017                                   –               –            –            –           115.40             No
                                                                           of CRSC Research &
                                                                           Design Institute Group
                                                                           Co., Ltd. (CRSCD)
                                                           LIU Zhen     Chief Engineer of the Basic Male      42 June 2020                                       –               –            –            –           138.00             No
                                                                           Equipment Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

                                                                           Research Institute of
                                                                           CRSC Research &
                                                                           Design Institute Group
                                                                           Co., Ltd. (CRSCD)
                                                                                                                                                                                   Total
                                                                                                                                                                              before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                           remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                           obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                  Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                        at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                  beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                              Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                     Name             Position (note)          Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                     LUO Jing        Chairwoman of CRSC        Female    44 April 2020                                      –               –            –            –            99.75             No
                                        Communication &
                                        Information Group
                                        Company Ltd. (通號通
                                        信信息集團有限公司)
                                     Director of Information                  February 2020
                                        Center of China
                                                                                                                                                                                                           SECTION V
                                        Railway Signal &
                                        Communication
                                        Corporation Limited
                     DENG Hongyuan   Director, the Deputy      Male      48 May 2018                                        –               –            –            –            98.80             No
                                        General Manager
                                        and Chief Engineer
                                        of CRSC Urban Rail
                                        Transit Technology
                                        Co., Ltd
                     JIANG Jianhua   Vice President of         Male      56 January 2011                                    –               –            –            –           233.87             No
                                        Technology of CASCO
                                        Signal Ltd.
                     CUI Ke          Chief Engineer of the     Male      52 January 2018                                    –               –            –            –           165.29             No
                                        Research & Design
                                        Institute of CASCO
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

                                        Signal Ltd.

97
98



                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     obtained from    receive any
                                                                                                                                                            Shareholding                   Changes in                the Company     remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SECTION V
                                                                                                                                                                  at the Shareholding shareholding                      during the       from any
                                                                                                                                                            beginning of   at the end of   during the                   Reporting    related party
                                                                                                                        Start date of   Termination date the Reporting the Reporting        Reporting   Reason for         Period           of the
                                                           Name                Position (note)           Gender   Age term of office    of term of office         Period         Period        Period      change      (RMB0’000)       Company


                                                           LI Hongyan      Product Manager of the        Male      44 June 2020                                       –               –            –            –            49.45             No
                                                                                 R&D Center of CRSC
                                                                                 Communication &
                                                                                 Information Group
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                 Company Ltd.
                                                           WANG Xiangtao   Deputy General Manager        Male      58 May 2015                                        –               –            –            –            33.74             No
                                                                                 of Technology of CRSC
                                                                                 Railway Vehicles Co.,
                                                                                 Ltd.
                                                                           Director and Chief                           August 2020     –                             –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

                                                                                 Engineer of CRSC
                                                                                 Railway Vehicles Co.,
                                                                                 Ltd.


                                                           Total           /                             /           / /                /                                                                        /        2,049.16               /
                     Notes:

                     1.    “Total before-tax remuneration obtained from the Company during the Reporting Period” is the total before-tax remuneration (including tenure incentive income
                           for 2019-2021, but XU Zongxiang served for less than three years during his terms of office for 2019-2021, which was 26 months) obtained from the Company
                           by the personnel in the table during their terms of office in 2022, excluding social insurance and annuities paid by the Company for individuals;


                     2.    Mr. ZHANG Quan served as an executive Director from August 2022;


                     3.    Mr. YANG Yongsheng ceased to serve as an executive Director from August 2022;


                     4.    GUO Yonghong, a non-executive Director, did not receive remuneration and benefits from the Company;


                     5.    Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter and Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as independent non-executive Directors and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. FU Junyuan
                           served as independent non-executive Directors from February 2022;


                     6.    Mr. LI Lianqing served as the Chief Accountant from June 2022 and served as the Board Secretary and the Joint Company Secretary from July;


                     7.    Mr. WAN Baohua served as the Vice President from May 2022;


                     8.    Mr. CHEN Shikui served as the Chief Compliance Officer from October 2022;                                                                                         SECTION V
                     9.    Mr. HUANG Weizhong ceased to serve as the Vice President from February 2023;


                     11.   Mr. HU Shaofeng ceased to serve as the Chief Accountant, the Board Secretary and the Joint Company Secretary from April 2022;


                     12.   Due to the difference in year, remuneration and statistical calibre for staff, the remunerations of persons in charge of the enterprises in the above table are
                           inconsistent with those disclosed in the official website of the Company. Investors should pay attention to this.




Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


99
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 ZHOU Zhiliang He has been an executive Director and chairman of the Company since January 2012
                                  and is mainly responsible for overseeing the overall work of the Board. He has been
                                  the secretary of the Party Committee of the Company since June 2017. He has served
                                  as the chairman and the secretary of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal and
                                  Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since May 2017. From January 2012 to
                                  May 2017, he served as the general manager and the deputy secretary of the Party
                                  Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited.
                                  Mr. ZHOU was a vice president and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party
                                  Committee of China Railway Construction Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong
                                  Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1186; listed on the SSE, stock code: 601186) from
                                  October 2007 to January 2012, during which Mr. ZHOU served as the chairman of
                                  China Railway Construction Investment Group Co., Ltd. (中國鐵建投資集團有限公司)
                                  from March 2011 to January 2012. From December 2004 to October 2007, Mr. ZHOU
                                  was a deputy general manager and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party
                                  Committee of China Railway Construction Corp. (中國鐵道建築總公司). From November
                                  2001 to December 2004, Mr. ZHOU was the director and deputy secretary of the Party
                                  Committee of MOR No.4 Survey & Design Group Co., Ltd. (鐵道部第四勘察設計院).
                                  From January 2000 to November 2001, Mr. ZHOU served as the chairman of Labor
                                  Union of MOR No.4 Survey & Design Group Co., Ltd. From November 1996 to January
                                  2000, Mr. ZHOU served as the director at No.2 Railway Survey and Design Department
                                  (第二勘測設計處) of MOR No.4 Survey & Design Group Co., Ltd.


                 XU Zongxiang He has served as the president and executive Director of the Company since December
                                  2019 and February 2020, respectively. He has served as the deputy Party secretary,
                                  director and general manager of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                                  Corporation Limited since November 2019. Mr. XU successively held various positions in
                                  CRRC Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1766;
                                  listed on the SSE, stock code: 601766) from October 2012 to November 2019, including
                                  as an executive director from June 2017 to November 2019 and a standing member
                                  of the Party Committee from May 2017 to November 2019, and a vice president and a
                                  standing member of the Party Committee of CSR Corporation Limited from October 2012
                                  to May 2015. He served as the deputy head of Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Works, the
                                  director and general manager, director and general manager and deputy Party secretary,
                                  executive director and general manager and deputy Party secretary of CRRC Zhuzhou
                                  Locomotive Co., Ltd., a standing member of the Party Committee of CSR Group, and a
                                  deputy general manager of CRRC Group Co., Ltd.




100   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                           SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name         Major working experience


ZHANG Quan   He has been an executive Director of the Company since August 2022 and the deputy
             secretary of the Party committee and an employee representative director of China
             Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since July 2022. He
             served as the deputy general manager of China Tower Corporation Limited (hereinafter
             referred to as “China Tower”, listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0788)
             from January 2020 to July 2022; Party secretary and general manager of the Shandong
             Branch of China Tower from September 2016 to January 2020; and the general manager
             of the Shandong Branch of China Tower from August 2014 to September 2016. From
             February 2012 to August 2014, he served as the deputy general manager and a member
             of the Party committee of Yunnan Branch of China United Network Communications
             Corporation Limited. He served as general manager and Party secretary of Linyi Branch
             of China United Network Communications Corporation Limited (China Unicom merged
             with China Netcom) from November 2008 to February 2012. He successively served as
             director of the network operations and maintenance department of Shandong Branch and
             general manager and Party secretary of Linyi Branch of China Network Communications
             Group Corporation from June 2006 to November 2008. He successively served as the
             deputy director of the planning and construction department and deputy general manager
             of the radio communication department of Shandong Communications Company (山東省
             通信公司) from October 2002 to June 2006. He served as the deputy general manager,
             member of the Party committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission
             of Weihai Branch of Shandong Telecommunications Company (山東省電信公司) from
             January 2001 to October 2002.

YANG         He served as an executive Director of the Company from August 2018 to August 2022.
Yongsheng    He has been an adjunct professor of China Business Executives Academy, Dalian
             since June 2018. He served an extramural tutor of the Executive Education of School of
             Economics Peking University since November 2017. He has been the deputy secretary
             of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
             Limited from July 2017 to July 2022 and an employee representative director of China
             Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since November 2017.
             Mr. YANG was successively the working group leader, provisional secretary of the Party
             Committee and the Chairman of China Urban and Rural Construction Group Ltd. (中國
             城鄉建設集團有限公司) from April 2017 to July 2017. From February 2016 to April 2017,
             Mr. YANG was the secretary of the Party Committee and vice chairman of China Road
             & Bridge Corporation. From December 2010 to February 2016, Mr. YANG successively
             held several positions in China Communications Construction Company Limited (listed
             on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1800; listed on the SSE, stock code:
             601800), including serving as the deputy director of the general office, the general
             manager of the human resources department, the head of the organizational department
             of the Party Committee, the executive vice president of the management college and
             the executive deputy principal of the party school, etc. Mr. YANG has been the vice
             director of the general manager department of Sinohydro Group Ltd. from March 2010
             to December 2010. From July 1988 to July 2006, Mr. YANG successively held several
             positions in No. 5 Bureau of Sinohydro, including serving as the principal of the staff
             children secondary school, the director of the education department, the director of the
             human resources department, the head of the organizational department of the Party
             Committee, the director of the system reform office, vice director and the chief economist,
             etc.


                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    101
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 YAO Guiqing      He has served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since August
                                  2018. He served as a director of China General Technology Group Co., Ltd. (中國通
                                  用技術集團有限公司) since November 2018. He successively held several positions in
                                  China Railway from February 1990 to March 2018, including office director of the Party
                                  Committee, deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Jianchang Engineering Bureau,
                                  vice chairman of Major Bridge Engineering, vice chairman of China Railway Sixth Bureau,
                                  chairman of China Railway Ninth Bureau, and deputy secretary of the Party Committee,
                                  general manager and vice chairman of China Railway Engineering Corporation. From
                                  September 2007 to March 2018, Mr. YAO served in several positions in China Railway
                                  Group Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0390; listed on the
                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 601390), including serving as its vice president,
                                  deputy secretary of the Party Committee, chairman of the labor union, chairman of the
                                  supervisory committee and vice chairman; and he served as its executive director from
                                  August 2010 to March 2018. From December 1971 to February 1990, Mr. YAO served
                                  as the head of the organizational department of the committee of the Communist Youth
                                  League of China and the secretary to the committee of the Communist Youth League of
                                  China in Engineering No.3 Bureau of the Ministry of Railway (中國鐵道部第三工程局).


                 GUO              He has been a non-executive Director since March 2021. He served as special external
                 Yonghong         Director of Central Enterprises since August 2020. He has been a director of Dongfeng
                                  Motor Corporation since December 2020, and a director of China Automotive Technology
                                  and Research Center Co. Ltd. since January 2021. Mr. GUO Yonghong served as the
                                  secretary of the Party Committee, chairman, and general manager of China Mobile
                                  Tietong Company Limited from March 2018 to August 2020, during which he served as
                                  the chairman and general manager of China Tietong Telecommunications Corporation
                                  from May 2018 to August 2020. From November 2015 to March 2018, he served as the
                                  chairman, general manager and a member of the Party Committee of China Mobile Group
                                  Chongqing Co., Ltd., during which he served as the secretary of the Party Committee
                                  from January 2017, and concurrently served as an executive director (from February
                                  2018) and the general manager of Chongqing Communication Services Company (重
                                  慶通信服務公司). From March 2008 to November 2015, he served as the chairman,
                                  general manager and a member of the Party Leadership Group of China Mobile Group
                                  Hubei Co., Ltd., during which he served as the secretary of the Party Leadership Group
                                  from March 2010 and the general manager of Hubei Communication Services Company
                                  from July 2011 to November 2015. From February 2007 to March 2008, he served as a
                                  director and the chief executive officer (CEO) of CMPak Limited. From July 2006 to June
                                  2007, he served as the chairman, secretary of the Party Leadership Group and general
                                  manager of China Mobile Group Guizhou Co., Ltd., and from November 2000 to July
                                  2006, he served as a director (from July 2001), deputy general manager and a member
                                  of the Party Leadership Group of Hebei Mobile Communication Company.




102   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name          Major working experience


YAO Cho Fai   He has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since February
Andrew        2022. He is currently the chairman and chief executive officer of Hong Kong Shanghai
              Alliance Holdings Limited, as well as the member of the National People’s Congress.
              Since 1994, he has served in several positions in Hong Kong Shanghai Alliance Holdings
              Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1001), including serving
              as executive director, chief executive officer, and chairman, as well as the chairman of
              the nomination committee, a member of the remuneration committee and director of
              some subsidiaries of Hong Kong Shanghai Alliance Holdings Limited. Since 2004, Mr.
              YAO has served as independent non-executive director of Kader Holdings Company
              Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0180). From 2015 to
              2020, he served as independent non-executive director of Shanghai Dazhong Public
              Utilities (Group) Co., Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1635;
              listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600635). Mr. Yao’s public services
              include being a member of the 12th, 13th and 14th National People’s Congress of Hong
              Kong, chairman of Federation of Hong Kong-Shanghai Association, vice chairman of
              Shanghai Federation of Industry and Commerce, a member of the council of Fudan
              University, and chairman of the School Council of Lingnan University in Hong Kong.


FU Junyuan    He has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since February
              2022 and a director of China Information and Communication Technology Group Co.,
              Ltd. since November 2021. He served as a member of the Standing Committee of
              the Party Committee and chief accountant in China Poly Group Corporation Ltd. from
              August 2018 to September 2021. From September 1996 to September 2018, he served
              in several positions in China Communications Construction Group Corporation Limited,
              including serving as interim member of the Party committee and chief accountant in
              China Communications Construction Group Corporation Limited from December 2005
              to August 2006. From August 2006 to November 2006, he served as interim member
              of the Party committee and director in China Communications Construction Group
              Corporation Limited, during which he served as executive director and chief accountant
              in China Communications Construction Company Limited. (listed on the Hong Kong
              Stock Exchange, stock code: 1800; listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code:
              601800) from September 2006 to August 2018. From October 1998 to December 2005,
              he served as chief accountant in China Harbour Engineering Company (Group), during
              which he served as deputy chief accountant in China Harbour Engineering Company
              (Group) from September 1997 to October 1998. Prior to that, Mr. FU worked for more
              than ten years in the Department of Finance of the Ministry of Transport and the CNAO’s
              Transportation Audit Office.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   103
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 CHEN Jin’en      He has been an independent non-executive Director from May 2015 to February 2022
                                  and has held the position of director at China National Building Material Group Co., Ltd.
                                  from August 2016 to January 2021. He has served as a director of State Grid Corporation
                                  of China from July 2015 to June 2021. Mr. CHEN has served as the independent non-
                                  executive director of Billion Industrial Holdings Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                  Exchange, stock code: 2299) from September 2012 to March 2013. From March 2010 to
                                  August 2013, Mr. CHEN was the secretary of the Party Committee and vice chairman of
                                  China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Group (中國節能環保集團公
                                  司). From 2001 to March 2010, Mr. CHEN also served several positions in China Energy
                                  Conservation and Environmental Protection Investment Co., Ltd. (中國節能環保投資公司),
                                  including serving as its secretary of the Party Committee and deputy general manager
                                  from October 2004 to March 2010, its vice chairman from September 2001 to October
                                  2004. From November 2000 to September 2001, Mr. CHEN was the head of the working
                                  department of the supervisory committee of Central Work Committee for Enterprises (中
                                  央企業工委). From August 1998 to November 2000, Mr. CHEN was the deputy director
                                  of General Administration Office of Special Inspector of Ministry of Personnel (人事部稽
                                  查特派員總署辦公室). From July 1988 to August 1998, Mr. CHEN served as a deputy
                                  director, director and assistant supervisor of the Department of Title of Ministry of
                                  Personnel (人事部職稱司).


                 CHAN Ka          He has served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company from August
                 Keung Peter      2018 to February 2022. Mr. CHAN served as an independent non-executive director
                                  of MMG Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1208) since
                                  December 2019. He was the independent non-executive director of Metallurgical
                                  Corporation of China Ltd. (listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 1618; listed on the
                                  SSE, stock code: 601618) from November 2014 to April 2020. He was the independent
                                  non-executive director of CRRC Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                  Exchange, stock code: 1766; listed on the SSE, stock code: 601766) from May 2015 to
                                  May 2018. Mr. CHAN served as a senior assistant of the Audit Department, manager of
                                  the Tax Department and senior manager of China Service Department in Ernst & Young
                                  Hua Ming LLP and the chief financial officer of Dranseld Group. Mr. CHAN served as a
                                  Beijing based partner, a Beijing-based managing partner of Tax and Investment Advisory
                                  Service Department and a managing partner of the NPA Transaction Advisory Service
                                  Department of Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP from January 1994 to December 2008. He
                                  served as a member of the executive committee of Hong Kong Chamber of Commerce
                                  in China, and served as the chairman of Hong Kong Chamber of Commerce in China in
                                  2000 and 2003.




104   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                         SECTION V              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name        Major working experience


KONG Ning   He has served as a Supervisor of the Company since February 2020 and chairman of
            the Supervisory Committee since March 2020. He was a vice president of the Company
            from July 2016 to November 2019 and a member of the Standing Committee of the
            Party Committee of the Company from December 2010 to November 2019. He served
            as the Company’s chief accountant from December 2010 to July 2016 and is mainly in
            charge of the financial work. Mr. KONG served as a member of the Standing Committee
            of the Party Committee of CRSC Group from December 2010 to November 2019. He
            served as the chief accountant of CRSC Group from November 2004 to May 2015. He
            served as the accountant in the finance department of China Huanqiu Contracting &
            Engineering Co. Ltd. (中國寰球工程公司) and the head of finance department and the
            chief accountant of the HQCEC (HB) (華北規劃設計院) from August 2001 to November
            2004. He served as deputy chief of financial department of Anhui Medicament Joint
            Venture Company (安徽省醫藥聯合經營公司) (renamed as Anhui Hua Shi Medicament
            Co., Ltd. (安徽華氏醫藥有限公司)) from April 1996 to August 2001.




                                                                              Annual Report 2022   105
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 LI Tienan        She served as a Supervisor of the Company from February 2020. Since December
                                  2022, she has served as a director of Zhongxin Energy and Chemical Technology
                                  Company Limited (中新能化科技有限公司); since February 2022, she has served as
                                  the general manager and director of Guoxin Development Investment Management
                                  Company Limited (國新發展投資管理有限公司); since February 2022, she has been
                                  the general manager of the market coordination department of China Reform Holdings
                                  Corporation Ltd. (中國國新控股有限責任公司); since December 2021, she has been the
                                  deputy head of the preparatory group of Guoxin Asset Allocation Co., Ltd.; since March
                                  2021, she has served as a director in Zhongjin Gold Corp., Ltd.; since December 2020,
                                  she has served as the legal representative, executive director, and general manager in
                                  Guoxin Shengkang Private Equity Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國新盛康私
                                  募基金管理（北京）有限公司); since November 2020, she has served as the supervisor
                                  of China Green Development and Investment Group Co., Ltd. (中國綠發投資集團有限
                                  公司). She has been a director of China Northern Industry Co., Ltd. (中國北方工業有
                                  限公司) since October 2019; a supervisor of China Tower Corporation Limited (中國鐵
                                  塔股份有限公司) since July 2019, and a director of Guoxin Ronghui Equity Investment
                                  Fund Management Co., Ltd. (國新融匯股權投資基金管理有限公司) since March 2019.
                                  From September 2020 to November 2022, she served as the general legal adviser of
                                  China Reform Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中國國新資產管理有限公司). From March
                                  2019 to December 2021, she served as deputy general manager, general manager, and
                                  director in China Reform Asset Management Co., Ltd., during which she has served as a
                                  general manager in Capital Management Division of China Reform Holdings Corporation
                                  Ltd. from April 2021 to December 2021. Ms. LI served as an external director in China
                                  Culture Development Corporation Ltd. (中國文化產業發展集團有限公司) from March
                                  2019 to November 2021. She served as a director of China Aviation Supplies Co., Ltd.
                                  (中國航空器材有限責任公司) from July 2019 to April 2021. Ms. LI served as a general
                                  manager of the legal department of CNIC Corporation Limited (國新國際投資有限公
                                  司) from September 2014 to March 2019, during which she also served as a general
                                  manager of the legal department of CNIC Consulting Corporation Limited (國新國際投
                                  資諮詢有限公司) from February 2017 to March 2019. Ms. LI served as a deputy general
                                  manager of the legal department of China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd. (中國國
                                  新控股有限責任公司) from June 2011 to July 2014, during which she also served as a
                                  deputy general manager of the legal department of CNIC Corporation Limited (國新國際
                                  投資有限公司) from January 2013 to September 2014. Ms. LI served as a deputy general
                                  manager of the legal department of China National Coal Group Corp. (中國中煤能源集
                                  團有限公司) from April 2011 to June 2011, a general legal counsel and a director of the
                                  legal department of China Coal & Coke Holdings Ltd. (中煤焦化控股有限責任公司) from
                                  August 2003 to April 2011, a contract director of the legal department of China National
                                  Coal Group Corp. (中國中煤能源集團有限公司) from December 2002 to August 2003, a
                                  lawyer of Jinde Law Firm from December 1999 to December 2002. and a staff of Pre-trial
                                  Division of Shenyang Public Security Bureau (瀋陽市公安局預審處) of Liaoning Province
                                  from August 1992 to December 1999.

106   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name          Major working experience


YANG Yang     She has served as an employee representative supervisor of the Company since
              February 2022. From August 2022 to date, she served deputy general manager of CRSC
              Group Finance Limited. From 2012 to July 2022, she has successively taken up several
              positions in China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited., including
              accountant, finance director, director of engineering finance department, deputy director
              of audit department (in charge of the work), and deputy director of risk management
              center. From April 2012 to September 2012, she served as a finance manager in CRSC
              International Company Limited. (通號國際控股有限公司). From January 2000 to March
              2012, she successively served as an accountant, an assistant accountant and the
              head of financial management department in China Railway Signal & Communication
              Corporation (中國鐵路通信信號集團公司). From October 1998 to January 2000, she
              worked as a trainee in China Railway Signal & Communication Company (中國鐵路通信
              信號總公司).


LI Lianqing   He has served as a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee and
              chief accountant of the Company since June 2022, secretary to the Board and joint
              company secretary of the Company since July 2022, and a member of the Standing
              Committee of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
              Corporation Limited since May 2022. Mr. Li served as a member of the Party Committee
              and chief accountant of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology Group
              Co., Ltd. (中國機械科學研究總院集團有限公司) from November 2017 to May 2022 and
              the chief accountant of Academy of Machinery Science and Technology (機械科學研究
              總院) from February 2017 to November 2017. From August 2012 to February 2017, he
              served as the group deputy chief accountant and director of the strategic development
              department of China Iron & Steel Research Institute Group (中國鋼研科技集團公司).
              From September 2007 to August 2012, he served as the group deputy chief accountant
              and director of the finance department of China Iron & Steel Research Institute Group.
              From January 1999 to September 2007, he successively served as the deputy director
              of the finance and economics department, the director of the finance and economics
              department, the person in charge of finance, the director of the planning and finance
              department, the chief financial officer, the assistant to the president, and a member of
              the Party Committee of Advanced Technology & Materials Co., Ltd. (安泰科技股份有
              限公司). From December 1998 to January 1999, he served as the deputy director of
              the finance and economics department of Central Iron & Steel Research Institute of the
              Ministry of Metallurgy (冶金部鋼鐵研究總院). From September 1993 to December 1998,
              he served as an accountant of Beijing Metallurgical Steel Economic and Technological
              Development Corporation (Asset Evaluation Center of the Ministry of Metallurgical
              Industry) (北京冶鋼經濟技術開發總公司(冶金工業部資產評估中心)). From July 1992 to
              September 1993, he successively served as assistant accountant and deputy director of
              the state-owned assets management office of Central Iron & Steel Research Institute of
              the Ministry of Metallurgical Industry (冶金工業部鋼鐵研究總院).


                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   107
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 HU Shaofeng      He served as the chief accountant and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party
                                  Committee of the Company from July 2016 to April 2022. He served as the secretary to
                                  the Board and joint company secretary of the Company from January 2022 to April 2022
                                  and from May 2013 to October 2019. He served as a member of the Standing Committee
                                  of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
                                  Limited from June 2016 to April 2022. From November 2016 to April 2020, he served as
                                  the director and vice chairman of Guangdong Utrust Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣東粵
                                  財金融租賃股份有限公司). Mr. HU served as the director of CRSC Innovation Investment
                                  Company Ltd from August 2012 to February 2016. He served as the Company’s deputy
                                  chief accountant from July 2012 to July 2016. Mr. HU served as deputy general manager,
                                  chief accountant and general counsel of China Railway Construction Heavy Industry Co.,
                                  Ltd. (中國鐵建重工集團有限公司) from December 2011 to July 2012. Mr. HU served as
                                  the chief accountant and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee
                                  of China Railway Track Systems Group Co., Ltd. (中鐵軌道系統集團有限公司) from
                                  May 2007 to December 2011. Mr. HU served as deputy chief accountant of the MOR
                                  No.4 Survey & Design Group Co., Ltd. (鐵道部第四勘察設計院) from February 2004 to
                                  October 2006, as the director of financial department of the China Railway No. 4 Survey
                                  & Design Group Co., Ltd. from February 2004 to April 2005, as the assistant to director
                                  and deputy director of financial department of the China Railway No. 4 Survey & Design
                                  Group Co., Ltd. from February 2002 to February 2004.


                 ZHAO             He has served as a vice president of the Company since January 2019. He has been
                 Xiaodong         a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of the Company since
                                  December 2018 and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of
                                  China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since December
                                  2018. He has also served as the chairman of Beijing National Railway Research
                                  & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. (CRSCD), a wholly-owned
                                  subsidiary of the Company, since April 2019. From October 2016 to December 2018,
                                  he served as an assistant to the president of the Company. From September 2015 to
                                  October 2016, he served several positions in CRSCD, including serving as a general
                                  manager, as director and as deputy secretary of the Party Committee. From November
                                  2014 to September 2015, he held the positions of the deputy general manager and
                                  director at CRSCD, who is mainly in charge of the overall work of operation management.
                                  From July 2013 to November 2014, he served several positions in CRSCD, including
                                  serving as deputy general manager, as the dean of the Ground Control Research and
                                  Design Institute, the general manager of the System Integration Center and secretary
                                  of Party General Branch. From March 2012 to July 2013, he served as the dean of the
                                  Ground Control Research and Design Institute of CRSCD. From January 2011 to March
                                  2012, he served as a director of CRSC Research & Design Institute Station, during which
                                  period, he also served as manager of Beijing Guotie Xintong Technology Development
                                  Co., Ltd. (北京國鐵信通科技發展有限公司).



108   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                           SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name          Major working experience


HUANG         He served as a vice president and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party
Weizhong      Committee of the Company from April 2013 to February 2023. From November 2012 to
              September 2014, he served as the chairman of CRSCD, during which period, served
              as its secretary of the Party Committee. From November 2010 to November 2012, he
              served as the director and the general manager of CRSCD. From January 2004 to
              November 2010, he served as the vice president of CRSC Research & Design Institute.
              From December 1996 to January 2004, he served as the director of City Transport and
              Computer Application Research Institute of CRSCD.


ZHANG Zhihui He has served as a vice president of the Company since January 2019 and served as
              a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of the Company since
              December 2018. He has been a member of the Standing Committee of the Party
              Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited
              since April 2022. Mr. ZHANG has been the chief engineer of the Company since October
              2016. From November 2015 to October 2016, he served as the deputy chief engineer of
              the Company and the chief engineer of CRSCD. From March 2012 to November 2015,
              he served as the chief engineer and director of CRSCD. From June 2015 to November
              2015, he also served as the dean of CRSCD Electrification Design Institute. From
              January 2005 to March 2012, he served as the director of CRSCD Signal Station.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   109
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 WAN Baohua       He has served as a vice president of the Company since May 2022 and a member
                                  of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal and
                                  Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since April 2022. From August 2021 to
                                  date, he has served as the general manager of the operation business department
                                  (marketing department, engineering department, international cooperation department,
                                  traffic readiness office) of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  (during which: he studied in the training class of young cadres of the Party School of
                                  the Central Committee of C.P.C from September to December 2021). He served as
                                  the secretary of the party committee and chairman of the board of directors of CRSC
                                  Engineering Group Company Ltd., the general manager of Tianjin Engineering Branch
                                  of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (中國鐵路通信信號股
                                  份有限公司天津工程分公司), and the general manager of Beijing Engineering Branch
                                  of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited(中國鐵路通信信號股份
                                  有限公司北京工程分公司) from April 2020 to September 2021. He successively served
                                  as the deputy secretary of the party committee, director, general manager, secretary of
                                  the party committee and chairman of China Railway Signal & Communication Shanghai
                                  Engineering Bureau Group Co., Ltd. (during which: he participated in the special seminar
                                  on innovation and development of central enterprises at China Executive Leadership
                                  Academy Pudong in September 2017) from March 2016 to April 2020. He successively
                                  served as the deputy director of the electrification engineering department of China
                                  Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited and the deputy general manager
                                  of CRSC (Zhengzhou) Electrification Bureau Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to March 2016.
                                  He served as a senior engineer of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute
                                  of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from August 2014 to October 2014. He successively
                                  served as the deputy general manager, a member of the party committee, senior
                                  engineer, vice chairman, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee
                                  and executive director (legal representative) of China Railway 25th Bureau Group
                                  Corporation Electric Engineering Co., Ltd. (中鐵二十五局集團電務工程有限公司) from
                                  July 2004 to August 2014. He successively served as assistant engineer, director and
                                  deputy manager of the communication technology department of Guangzhou Railway
                                  Changsha Electric Engineering Company (廣州鐵路長沙電務工程公司) from July 1995 to
                                  July 2004.




110   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name          Major working experience


CHEN Shikui   He has served as the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company since November 2022.
              He served the employee representative supervisor of the Company from August 2018
              to February 2022. Since July 2020, he has been the director of risk management Center
              of the Company. He has been the head of the legal compliance department of the
              Company since July 2018. He has been a director of CRSC Construction Group Co.,
              Ltd. (通號建設集團有限公司) since August 2016. He has served as the director of CRSC
              Communication & Information Group Company Ltd. (通號通信信息集團有限公司) from
              February 2016 to October 2021. He has served as a supervisor of CRSC (Zhengzhou)
              Electrification Bureau Co., Ltd. (通號（鄭州）電氣化局有限公司) since May 2015. From
              November 2015 to July 2018, Mr. CHEN worked as the deputy head of the legal affairs
              department of the Company. From January 2010 to November 2015, Mr. CHEN served
              in several positions in Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal &
              Communication Co., Ltd., including deputy general counsel, head of legal archives of the
              enterprise development and legal affairs department and head of enterprise development
              and legal affairs department. From August 2013 to November 2015, he was an assistant
              in the legal affairs department of the Company. From July 2007 to January 2010, he
              served as the assistant economist and economist of the eastern China region operation
              & command department of China Railway 22nd Bureau Group Co., Ltd. From May 1997
              to July 2007, Mr. CHEN worked in the People’s Court of Heze City, Shandong Province
              and the People’s Court of Mudan District, Heze City, Shandong Province.

QIU Wei       She served as the secretary to the Board and joint company secretary of the Company
              from October 2019 to January 2022. She has served as a special external director of the
              Company since October 2021. She has served as a director of China Railway Signal &
              Communication Shanghai Engineering Bureau Group Co., Ltd. (中國鐵路通信信號上海
              工程局集團有限公司) and a director of CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd.
              (通號城市軌道交通技術有限公司) since April 2020. She has served as the director of
              Guogai Shuangbai Development Fund Management Co., Ltd. (國改雙百發展基金管理
              有限公司) since July 2019. She has been the chairwoman of Supervisory Committee of
              CRSC Innovation Investment Co., Ltd. (通號創新投資有限公司) since February 2016.
              She has been the director of the development and planning department of the Company
              from September 2019 to February 2020. Ms. QIU served successively as the deputy
              director and director of the finance department of the Company from December 2012
              to September 2019. Ms. QIU successively served as the head of the development
              and planning department and the head of the finance department of the Company
              from November 2008 to December 2012. She served as the manager of the finance
              department of Beijing Nera Stentofon Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. (北京挪拉
              斯坦特芬通信設備有限公司) from April 2003 to November 2008. Ms. QIU served as the
              audit supervisor of the supervision and audit department and an accountant of the funds
              settlement centre of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation (中國鐵路通
              信信號集團公司, currently known as China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
              Corporation Limited (中國鐵路通信信號集團有限公司) from February 2001 to April 2003.
              Ms. QIU served successively as an assistant accountant of the finance department and
              an auditor of the audit department of China Railway Signal & Communication Company
              (中國鐵路通信信號總公司) from August 1995 to February 2001.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   111
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 FU Gang          He has served as the Director of the Safety Supervision and Management Department
                                  of the Company since July 2022. He served the deputy secretary of the Party Committee
                                  and a director of Beijing CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. (CRSCD),
                                  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company from April 2020 to July 2022. He has served
                                  as the deputy secretary of the Party Committee (responsible for the work of the Party
                                  Committee), a director and the deputy general manager of CRSCD from April 2020 to
                                  September 2021. From July 2018 to April 2020, he served as a director, the deputy
                                  general manager and chief engineer of CRSCD. From February 2017 to July 2018, he
                                  served as assistant to general manager of CRSCD. He served as the senior engineer
                                  of CRSCD from January 2017 to February 2017; as the secretary to the General Party
                                  Branch and dean of the Signal & Communication Design Institute of CRSCD from May
                                  2016 to January 2017; as the dean of the Signal & Communication Design Institute and
                                  the secretary to the General Party Branch of the Signal & Communication Institute of
                                  CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from July 2015 to May 2016; as the
                                  dean of the Signal & Communication Design Institute and the secretary to the General
                                  Party Branch of the Signal & Communication Institute of Beijing National Railway
                                  Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to
                                  July 2015; and as engineer, deputy director and director of the Technology Management
                                  Center, deputy dean, among other roles, of the Signal & Communication Design Institute
                                  of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co.,
                                  Ltd. from March 2011 to October 2014.


                 MA Lilan         She has served as technical consultant of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,
                                  Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since April 2021. She served as deputy
                                  chief engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned
                                  subsidiary of the Company from July 2015 to April 2021. She served as the deputy chief
                                  engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from March 2012 to July
                                  2015, during which she also served as, among other roles, the director of the Quality
                                  Center and the chief engineer of the Signal & Communication Institute; as the deputy
                                  chief engineer and director of General Engineer Office of the CRSC Research & Design
                                  Institute from June 2009 to March 2012; She served as a senior engineer, deputy director
                                  of the General Engineer Office, director of the Technology Department and director of the
                                  General Engineer Office of CRSC Research & Design Institute among other roles from
                                  December 1997 to June 2009.




112   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                           SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name         Major working experience


JIANG Ming   He has served as deputy chief engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group
             Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since February 2017. Mr. JIANG
             served as chief engineer of Security Control Institute of CRSC Research & Design
             Institute Group Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to November 2018; as chief engineer of
             Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from July
             2015 to May 2016; as chief engineer of Research Institute of Beijing National Railway
             Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from March 2012
             to July 2015; he served as the dean of Research Institute of Beijing National Railway
             Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from December 2012
             to October 2013; as engineer, senior engineer, chief engineer and among other roles
             of the R & D Center of CRSC Research & Design Institute from August 2007 to March
             2012.


LIU Zhen     He has been the dean of the Basic Equipment Technology Research Institute of CRSC
             Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
             since June 2020. He served as the chief engineer of the Basic Equipment Technology
             Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from June 2017
             to June 2020; as the senior engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,
             Ltd. from January 2017 to June 2017; as the deputy director of the Hardware Research
             Institute of Security Control Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,
             Ltd. from May 2016 to January 2017; as the deputy director of the Hardware Research
             Institute of Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from
             January 2016 to May 2016 and as senior engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute
             Group Co., Ltd. from December 2012 to January 2016.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   113
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 LUO Jing         She has served as Party secretary and chairperson of CRSC Communication &
                                  Information Group Company Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since
                                  April 2020 and the director of Information Center of the Company from February 2020
                                  to November 2022. From April 2018 to July 2020, she has been the chairman and Party
                                  branch secretary of CRSC Institute of Smart City Research & Design Co., Ltd. Ms. LUO
                                  served as the vice chairperson and the head of Party organization of CRSC Institute of
                                  Smart City Research & Design Co., Ltd., and director of Information Center and deputy
                                  director of the office of the Company from August 2016 to April 2018. From January 2016
                                  to August 2016, she served as the deputy dean (chair) of the Smart City Engineering
                                  Research Institute (Information Center) and the deputy director of office of the Company,
                                  during which from February 2016 to August 2016, she served as a director of CRSC
                                  Communication & Information Group Company Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                  Company. From January 2015 to January 2016, she served as the director of Smart
                                  City Research & Application Center of CRSC Communication & Information Group
                                  Company Ltd. (通號通信信息集團有限公司智慧城市研究應用中心). From January 2014
                                  to January 2015, she served as the deputy chief engineer of CRSC Communication &
                                  Information Group Company Ltd., and the director of Smart City Research & Application
                                  Center. From July 2013 to January 2014, she served as the deputy general manager
                                  and chief engineer of CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd. From July 2009 to July 2013,
                                  she served successively as an assistant researcher, an associate researcher of Human
                                  Resource Development Center of Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development (住
                                  房和城鄉建設部人力資源開發中心), and an associate researcher of China Academy of
                                  Urban Planning & Design among other roles.




114   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name          Major working experience


DENG          Since May 2018, he has served as a director, the deputy general manager and chief
Hongyuan      engineer of CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary
              of the Company. From January 2017 to May 2018, he served as the deputy general
              manager and chief engineer of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of
              Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. From April 2016 to January 2017, he served as the
              deputy chief engineer of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal
              & Communication Co., Ltd., during which he also served as the deputy general manager
              and chief engineer of Beijing Urban Transit Technology Co., Ltd. (北京通號國鐵城市
              軌道技術有限公司). From October 2014 to January 2015, he was the director of the
              Integration Center of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal &
              Communication Co., Ltd. He served successively as the deputy chief engineer, the chief
              engineer, the deputy branch dean, and the dean of the City Traffic Branch of Beijing
              National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication (北京全路通
              信信號研究設計院城交分院) from September 2007 to December 2014, during which he
              also served as deputy general manager and deputy director of the Integration Center.


JIANG Jianhua Since January 2011, he has served as the vice president of technology of the R&D
              Center of CASCO Signal Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by the Company. Since August
              2019, he has served as a provisional member of the Party Committee of CASCO Signal
              Ltd. He has served as the vice president of technology of the Research & Design Institute
              of CASCO Signal Ltd. (卡斯柯信號有限公司研究設計院) since August 2015. From July
              1998 to January 2011, he served successively as the deputy chief engineer and the chief
              engineer of CASCO Signal Ltd. From July 1988 to July 1998, he served successively as
              a software engineer, the deputy department manager and the department manager of
              the software department of CASCO Signal Ltd.


CUI Ke        Since January 2018, he has served as the chief engineer of the Research & Design
              Institute of CASCO Signal Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by the Company. From January
              2014 to December 2017, he served as the urban rail product director of Urban Rail
              System Development Department of CASCO Signal Ltd.; from August 2010 to December
              2013, he served as the urban rail technical director of R&D Department of CASCO Signal
              Ltd.; and from August 2000 to July 2010, he served as the department manager of the
              R&D Department of CASCO Signal Ltd.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   115
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Name             Major working experience


                 LI Hongyan       Since June 2020, he has served as the product manager of R&D center of CRSC
                                  Communication & Information Group Company Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                  Company. From April 2017 to June 2020, he has been the chief engineer of Security
                                  Technology Branch of CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd. (通
                                  號通信信息集團有限公司安防技術分公司). From July 2015 to April 2017, he served as
                                  the chief engineer of Beijing Research Institute of CRSC Communication & Information
                                  Group Company Ltd. (通號通信信息集團有限公司北京研究院). From January 2014
                                  to July 2015, he served as the deputy chief engineer of CRSC Communication &
                                  Information Group Company Ltd. From September 2013 to July 2015, he served as
                                  the dean of Beijing Research Institute of CRSC Communication & Information Group
                                  Company Ltd. From January 2010 to September 2013, he served successively as the
                                  deputy manager and manager of the Technology Development Research Department
                                  of Beijing Guotie Huachen Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (北京國鐵華晨通信技
                                  術有限公司). From June 2006 to January 2010, he served successively as an engineer
                                  of the Engineering Technology Department (工程技術部) and the manager of Research
                                  & Development Department (研究開發部) of Beijing Nera Stentofon Communication
                                  Equipment Co., Ltd.


                 WANG             Since August 2020, he has served as a director, the deputy general manager and
                 Xiangtao         chief engineer of CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd. Since May 2015, he has served as
                                  the deputy general manager of technology of CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd. From
                                  November 2016 to December 2020, Mr. WANG has been a director of CRSC Airbus Co.,
                                  Ltd., a subsidiary invested by the Company. From May 2011 to April 2015, he severed
                                  as the deputy general manager of technology of Xiangtan Electric Urban Rail Vehicle
                                  Co., Ltd. (湘電城軌車輛有限公司). From May 2009 to May 2011, he served as the deputy
                                  general manager of technology of Xiangtan Electric Urban Rail Equipment Co., Ltd. (湘
                                  電城軌裝備有限公司). From August 2007 to May 2011, he served as the institute director
                                  of the Vehicle Research Institute of Xiangtan Electric Heavy Equipment Co., Ltd. (湘電重
                                  型裝備有限公司車輛研究所), and as a supervisor of the same company. From June 2001
                                  to August 2007, he served as the institute director of the Vehicle Research Institute of
                                  Xiangtan Electric Co., Ltd. From July 1985 to June 2001, he served as an engineer of the
                                  Technical Center of Xiangtan Electric Plant (湘潭電機廠技術中心).


                 The Company has adopted a code of conduct no less exacting than that as provided in the Model Code
                 as the code of conduct for all the Directors and Supervisors trading securities of the Company (the “code
                 of conduct”). All the Directors and Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied
                 with the standards as stipulated by the code of conduct for the year ended 31 December 2022.


                 Other explanations


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable



116   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


(II)   POSITIONS HELD BY CURRENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
       MANAGEMENT DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


       1.   Positions Held in Shareholder Entities


            ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                                                               Position                                    Termination
                                    Name of                    held in the            Start date of        date of
            Name                    Shareholder Entity         Shareholder Entity     term of office       term of office


            ZHOU Zhiliang           China Railway Signal and   Secretary of the Party   May 2017           –
                                     Communication (Group)      Committee and
                                     Corporation Limited        Chairman
            XU Zongxiang            China Railway Signal and   Deputy secretary of      November 2019      –
                                     Communication (Group)      the Party Committee,
                                     Corporation Limited        Director and general
                                                                manager
            ZHANG Quan              China Railway Signal and   Deputy secretary of      August 2022
                                     Communication (Group)      the Party Committee
                                     Corporation Limited        and employee
                                                                representative director
            LI Lianqing             China Railway Signal and   A member of the          May 2022           –
                                     Communication (Group)      Standing Committee of
                                     Corporation Limited        the Party Committee
            ZHAO Xiaodong           China Railway Signal and   A member of the          December 2022      –
                                     Communication (Group)      Standing Committee of
                                     Corporation Limited        the Party Committee
            ZHANG Zhihui            China Railway Signal and   A member of the          April 2022         –
                                     Communication (Group)      Standing Committee of
                                     Corporation Limited        the Party Committee
            WAN Baohua              China Railway Signal and   A member of the          April 2022         –
                                     Communication (Group)      Standing Committee of
                                     Corporation Limited        the Party Committee
            HU Shaofeng             China Railway Signal and   A member of the          June 2016          April 2022
                                     Communication (Group)      Standing Committee of
                                     Corporation Limited        the Party Committee
            YANG Yongsheng          China Railway Signal and   Deputy secretary of      July 2017,         August 2022
             (Resigned)              Communication (Group)      the Party Committee     November 2017
                                     Corporation Limited        and employee
                                                                representative director
            Explanation on          None
             positions held in
             Shareholder entities




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   117
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 2.    Positions Held in Other Entities


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                          Termination
                                            Name of                           Positions held in          Start date of    date of
                       Name                 other entities                    other entities             term of office   term of office


                       YAO Guiqing          China General Technology          Director                   November 2018    October 2024
                                             Group Co., Ltd. (中國通用
                                             技術集團有限公司)
                       GUO Yonghong         China Reform Holdings             Special external           August 2020      –
                                             Corporation Ltd.                   Director of Central
                                             (中國國新控股有限責任公司)                     Enterprises
                                            Dongfeng Motor Corporation        Director                   December 2020    November 2023
                                             (東風汽車集團有限公司)
                                            China Automotive Technology       Director                   January 2021     December 2023
                                             and Research Center Co. Ltd
                                             (中國汽車技術研究中心有限
                                             公司)
                       YAO Cho Fai Andrew   Hong Kong Shanghai Alliance       Chairman and chief         July 1999        –
                                             Holdings Limited                   executive officer
                                             (滬港聯合控股有限公司)
                                            Kader Holdings Company            Independent                September 2004   –
                                             Limited (開達集團有限公司)                 non-executive Director
                       FU Junyuan           China Information and             Director                   November 2021    October 2024
                                             Communication Technology
                                             Group Co., Ltd.
                       LI Tienan            China Green Development and       Supervisor                 November 2020    –
                                             Investment Group Co., Ltd.
                                             (中國綠發投資集團有限公司)
                                            China Reform Asset Management General legal adviser          September 2020   November 2022
                                             Co., Ltd. (中國國新資產管理
                                             有限公司)
                                            China Northern Industry Co., Ltd. Director                   October 2019     –
                                             (中國北方工業有限公司)
                                            China Tower Corporation           Supervisor                 July 2019        –
                                             Limited (中國鐵塔股份有限公司)




118   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                                                                                                           Termination
                           Name of                          Positions held in         Start date of        date of
Name                       other entities                   other entities            term of office       term of office


                           Guoxin Ronghui Equity            Director                  March 2019           –
                           Investment Fund Management
                            Co., Ltd. (國新融匯股權投資基
                            金管理有限公司)
                           Zhongjin Gold Corp., Ltd. (中金黃 Director                    March 2021           –
                            金股份有限公司)
                           Guoxin Shengkang Private Equity Legal representative,      December 2020        –
                            Fund Management (Beijing)        executive Director and
                            Co., Ltd. (國新盛康私募基金管             general manager
                            理(北京)有限公司)
                           Zhongxin Energy and Chemical     Director                  December 2022        –
                            Technology Company Limited
                            (中新能化科技有限公司)
                           Guoxin Development Investment General manager and          February 2022        –
                            Management Company Limited       Director
                            (國新發展投資管理有限公司)
                           China Reform Holdings            General manager of        February 2022        –
                            Corporation Ltd. (中國國新控股         market coordination
                            有限責任公司)                          department
YANG Yang                  Guangdong Utrust Financial       Director                  April 2020           –
                            Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣東粵財金融
                            租賃股份有限公司)
CHAN Ka Keung Peter MMG Limited                             Director                  December 2019
 (Resigned)
Explanation on             None
 positions held in other
 entities




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   119
      SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (III) REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND CORE
                 TECHNICAL PERSONNEL


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan Currency: RMB


                 The decision-making procedure for the           The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Board
                   remunerations of Directors, Supervisors makes recommendations to the Board on the remunerations
                   and senior management                         of Directors and Senior Management of the Company. The
                                                                 Board shall make decision on remuneration and awards
                                                                 for senior management, and the general meetings shall
                                                                 make decision on remuneration matters for Directors and
                                                                 Supervisors.


                 The basis for determining remunerations         The remunerations of the Company’s Directors, Supervisors
                   of Directors, Supervisors and senior          and senior management are determined in accordance
                   management                                    with the Articles of Association of China Railway Signal &
                                                                 Communication Corporation Limited* and relevant rules.


                 Actual payment of remunerations of              Mr. GUO Yonghong and Ms. LI Tienan did not receive
                   Directors, Supervisors and senior             remunerations from the Company. The remuneration of other
                   management                                    Directors, Supervisors and senior management shall be paid
                                                                 by the Company in accordance with relevant rules.


                 Total actual remunerations received             950.52
                   by all Directors, Supervisors and
                   senior management at the end of the
                   Reporting Period


                 Total actual remunerations received by          935.28
                   core technical personnel at the end of
                   the Reporting Period




120   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                   SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


(IV) THE CHANGES IN THE COMPANY’S DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND CORE TECHNICAL PERSONNEL


      ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


      Name                      Position held                        Changes        Reason of changes


      ZHOU Zhiliang             Executive Director and Chairman      Election       Election
      XU Zongxiang              Executive Director and President     Election       Election
      ZHANG Quan                Executive Director                   Election       Election
      YAO Guiqing               Independent Non-executive Director   Election       Election
      GUO Yonghong              Non-executive Director               Election       Election
      YAO Cho Fai Andrew        Independent Non-executive Director   Election       Election
      FU Junyuan                Independent Non-executive Director   Election       Election
      CHEN Jin’en               Independent Non-executive Director   Resignation    Expiration of term of office
      CHAN Ka Keung Peter       Independent Non-executive Director   Resignation    Expiration of term of office
      KONG Ning                 Chairman of the Supervisory          Election       Election
                                  Committee
      LI Tienan                 Supervisor                           Election       Election
      YANG Yang                 Employee Supervisor                  Election       Election
      CHEN Shikui               Supervisor                           Resignation    Expiration of term of office
                                Chief Compliance Officer             Appointment    Appointment
      YANG Yongsheng            Deputy Secretary of the Party        Resignation    Change in work
                                  Committee and Executive Director                  arrangements
      LI Lianqing               Member of the Standing Committee     Appointment    Appointment
                                  of the Party Committee, Chief
                                  Accountant, Board Secretary and
                                  Joint Company Secretary
      WEI Weifeng               Joint Company Secretary              Appointment    Appointment
      QIU Wei                   Board Secretary and Joint Company    Resignation    Job change
                                  Secretary
      NG Wing Shan              Joint Company Secretary              Resignation    Job change
      HU Shaofeng               Member of the Standing Committee     Appointment,   Job change
                                  of the Party Committee, Chief      resignation
                                  Accountant, Board Secretary and
                                  Joint Company Secretary
      WAN Baohua                Vice president                       Appointment    Appointment
      HUANG Weizhong            Vice President                       Resignation    Passed away from illness

(V)   EXPLANATION ON PENALTIES IMPOSED BY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITIES IN
      THE RECENT THREE YEARS


      □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


(VI) OTHERS


      □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable

                                                                                            Annual Report 2022     121
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


      VIII. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

           1.    Composition of the Board


                 As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board consists of executive Directors, namely Mr. ZHOU
                 Zhiliang, Mr. XU Zongxiang and Mr. ZHANG Quan, non-executive Director, namely Mr. GUO Yonghong
                 and independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. FU Junyuan, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr.
                 YAO Guiqing.


                 The Company held the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting on 25 February 2022. Upon approval by
                 the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general meeting, starting from 25 February 2022, (i)
                 Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, Mr. XU Zongxiang and Mr. YANG Yongsheng were appointed as executive Directors
                 of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the Company respectively; (ii) Mr. GUO Yonghong was
                 appointed as a non-executive Director of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the Company;
                 and (iii) Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. FU Junyuan were appointed as independent
                 non-executive Directors of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the Company respectively. The
                 Board elected Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang as the chairman of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the
                 Company by resolution on 25 February 2022.


                 Mr. YANG Yongsheng resigned as executive Director of the Company due to change in work
                 arrangements on 8 August 2022, with effect from the same date. On 8 August 2022, the Board has
                 considered and approved to nominate Mr. ZHANG Quan as a candidate for executive Director of the
                 fourth session of the Board of Directors of the Company. After approval was granted by the Shareholders
                 at the 2022 second extraordinary general meeting, Mr. ZHANG Quan has been appointed as an
                 executive Director of the fourth session of the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from 29
                 August 2022.


                 In addition, the members of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company Mr. CHEN Jin’en
                 and Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter did not seek for re-election as Directors upon the expiry of their terms.
                 Among them, Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director, the chairman
                 of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, a member of the Strategy and Investment Committee,
                 a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee
                 of the Company, with effect from 25 February 2022; Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter ceased to serve as an
                 independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and a
                 member of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Company, with effect from 25 February
                 2022.


                 There is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s))
                 among the members of the Board, especially between the chairman and the president. Biographies of the
                 Directors are set out in “VII. Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this section.




122   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


2.   Independent non-executive Directors


     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board had complied with the requirements of the Listing
     Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange relating to the appointment of at least three independent
     non-executive Directors with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate
     professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company has appointed a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors in compliance
     with Rule 3.10A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     which requires the number of independent non-executive Directors represents at least one third of the
     Board.


     The Company has received the annual written confirmation on independence from each of the
     independent non-executive Directors in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing
     of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company is of the view that all independent non-
     executive Directors are independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
     Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


3.   Chairman of the Board and president


     The roles, duties and responsibilities of the chairman of the Board and the president of the Company are
     held by different individuals and are explicitly defined in writing.


     Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang serves as the chairman of Board of the Company, while Mr. XU Zongxiang acts as
     the president of the Company. The positions of chairman of the Board and president are held by different
     individuals to maintain independence as well as the balance of views and judgments.


     The chairman is responsible for the management of the operations of the Board, while the president is
     responsible for the operations of the Company. The chairman is required to keep close communication
     with the president and all Directors to keep them fully informed of all substantive matters relating to the
     Company’s business development, and is also responsible for building and maintaining a highly efficient
     administrative support team to support him to discharge the assigned duties in this position.


4.   Nomination, appointment and removal of Directors


     The procedures and processes for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
     Articles of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, number of
     members and composition of the Board, advising on any proposed changes to the Board in response to
     the Company’s strategies, and reviewing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   123
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           5.    Duties of the Board


                 The Board shall be accountable to the general meeting. According to the requirement of the Articles of
                 Association, duties of the Board shall include the exercise of the following functions and powers:


                 (1)   to convene general meetings and to report on its work to the general meeting;


                 (2)   to implement the resolutions of the general meeting;


                 (3)   to decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


                 (4)   to formulate the annual financial budgets and final accounts of the Company;


                 (5)   to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for making up losses of the Company;


                 (6)   to formulate plans for the increase or reduction of the registered capital of the Company;


                 (7)   to formulate plans for the issuance of corporate bonds, any class of Shares, warrants and other
                       similar securities;


                 (8)   to formulate plans for significant acquisition by the Company, repurchase of Shares of the Company
                       or merger, division, reorganization or dissolution of the Company and changes in the corporate form
                       of the Company;


                 (9)   to decide on the provision by the Company of any external guarantee other than those to be
                       approved by the general meeting as required by the Articles of Association;


                 (10) to decide on significant acquisition or disposal within one year by the Company of assets not more
                       than 30% of the latest audited total assets of the Company;


                 (11) to decide on connected transactions other than those to be approved by the general meeting as
                       required by laws and regulations and regulatory rules in the place where Shares of the Company
                       are listed;


                 (12) to decide on significant investment projects of the Company with the single amount not more than
                       30% of the latest audited net assets of the Company;


                 (13) to decide on entrusted wealth management and asset mortgages or pledges with the accumulated
                       amount not more than 30% of the latest audited net assets of the Company;


                 (14) to decide on extra costs and expenses with the single amount not more than 10% of the latest
                       audited net assets of the Company;




124   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


(15) to decide on plans of external donation and sponsorship of the Company with the single amount not
     more than RMB5 million;


(16) to formulate amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for the general
     meeting and the Rules of Procedure for the Board;


(17) to engage or dismiss the Company’s president and secretary to the Board; to engage or dismiss
     vice presidents and the chief accountant of the Company, as proposed by the president, and decide
     on matters relating to their remuneration, rewards and punishments;


(18) to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management organization;


(19) to decide on the establishment of each special committee under the Board and to consider and
     approve resolutions proposed by each special committee under the Board;


(20) to formulate the basic management systems of the Company;


(21) to formulate development strategies, long and medium-term development plans and corporate
     culture development plans, and to monitor the implementation of such plans;


(22) to decide on the Company’s risk management system, including risk evaluation, financial control,
     internal audit and legal risk control, and to monitor the implementation of such systems;


(23) to propose to the general meeting the appointment, removal or termination of reappointment of an
     accounting firm;


(24) to listen to the work reports of the Company’s president and inspect the work of the president and
     other Senior Management members;


(25) to perform duties of corporate governance and to evaluate and improve the corporate governance
     of the Company regularly in accordance with the regulatory rules in the place where Shares of the
     Company are listed;


(26) to formulate equity incentive scheme;


(27) to manage the Company’s information disclosure matters;


(28) other duties and powers provided in laws and regulations, regulatory rules in the place where
     Shares of the Company are listed or specified in the Articles of Association or granted by the
     general meeting.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   125
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 Resolutions by the Board on the matters mentioned above shall, be passed by the affirmative vote of
                 more than one half of all the Directors with the exception of resolutions on the matters referred to in items
                 (6), (7), (8), (16) and (26), which shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the Directors
                 for adoption. Besides the affirmative vote of more than one half of all the Directors, the affirmative vote of
                 at least two-thirds of all the Directors present is also required when the matters referred to in item (9) are
                 considered by the Board. The abovementioned duties and powers of the Board as well as any transaction
                 or arrangement of the Company shall be proposed at the general meeting for approval as prescribed by
                 the regulatory rules in the place where Shares of the Company are listed.


                 The duties and powers of the Board and the management have been defined in the Articles of
                 Association. The Board is responsible for decision making on the Company’s significant matters, including
                 the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk
                 management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
                 financial information and other significant financial and operational matters.


                 All Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information as well as the advice and services
                 of the company secretary, with a view to ensuring that Rules of Procedure for Board meetings and all
                 applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed. Upon making request to the Board, a Director is
                 generally able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s
                 expense.


                 In strict accordance with the Articles of Association and the authorization of general meetings, the Board
                 takes and fulfils its decision-making responsibilities seriously, supervises management’s implementation
                 of the resolutions of the Board to ensure their effective implementation, and implements the resolutions of
                 the general meetings and reports the work to general meetings.


                 The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the
                 president and the Senior Management. The Board shall be responsible for the fulfilment of the following
                 corporate governance responsibilities:


                 (1)   to formulate, review and make recommendations on the corporate governance policies and
                       practices of the Company;


                 (2)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and Senior
                       Management;


                 (3)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices with regard to complying with laws and
                       regulatory requirements;


                 (4)   to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
                       employees and Directors;




126   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                    SECTION V              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     (5)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in
           the Corporate Governance Report (the Corporate Governance section of this report) of the annual
           report of the Company.


     The Board and the Audit and Risk Management Committee have reviewed and approved the disclosures
     made in the Corporate Governance Report (the Corporate Governance section of this report). The Board
     has also reviewed the Company’s compliance with the corporate governance policies, practices, laws and
     regulatory requirements, and monitored and organized the training courses designed for Directors and
     Senior Management.


6.   Mechanism for directors to obtain independent views and opinions


     The Company has the mechanism in place to ensure that independent views and opinions are available
     to the Board, including but not limited to reviewing from time to time that independent non-executive
     Directors have appropriate qualifications and professional skills and have committed sufficient time to
     the Group, and that the number of independent non-executive Directors has complied with the Listing
     Rules, and has established channels (including but not limited to questionnaires or the Board meetings)
     to evaluate the contributions and opinions of independent non-executive Directors. The Board has
     reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism and believes that the Board is highly
     independent.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   127
      SECTION V                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


      IX.   DETAILS OF THE BOARD MEETINGS CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

            Name of meeting               Time of meeting    Resolutions


            The 33rd Meeting of the       17 January 2022    1. The resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Development of CRSC was
            Third Session of the Board                           considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             2. The resolution on the Administrative Measures for Authorization of
                                                                 Decision-making Matters of the Board of Directors of China Railway
                                                                 Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                                 approved at the meeting;
                                                             3. The resolution on the appointment of HU Shaofeng as the Board
                                                                 secretary, joint company secretary and authorized representative of the
                                                                 Company was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             4. The resolution on the Information Disclosure Management Rule on
                                                                 Debt Financing Instruments of China Railway Signal & Communication
                                                                 Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             5. The resolution on nominating candidates for non-independent Directors
                                                                 of the fourth session of Board of the Company was considered and
                                                                 approved at the meeting;
                                                             6. The resolution on nominating candidates for independent Directors of the
                                                                 fourth session of the Board the Company was considered and approved
                                                                 at the meeting;
                                                             7. The resolution on proposing to convene a general meeting was
                                                                 considered and approved at the meeting;
            The 1st Meeting of the        25 February 2022   1. The resolution on the appointment of ZHOU Zhiliang as the Chairman
            Fourth Session of the Board                          of the fourth session of the Board was considered and approved at the
                                                                 meeting;
                                                             2. The resolution on the appointment of ZHOU Zhiliang, XU Zongxiang,
                                                                 YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew and FU Junyuan as members of the
                                                                 Strategy and Investment Committee of the Board was considered and
                                                                 approved at the meeting;
                                                             3. The resolution on the appointment of YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew
                                                                 and FU Junyuan as members of the Remuneration and Evaluation
                                                                 Committee of the Board was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             4. The resolution on the appointment of ZHOU Zhiliang, YAO Guiqing and
                                                                 YAO Cho Fai Andrew as members of the Nomination Committee of the
                                                                 Board was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             5. The resolution on the appointment of FU Junyuan, GUO Yonghong and
                                                                 YAO Cho Fai Andrew as members of the Audit and Risk Management
                                                                 Committee of the Board was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             6. The resolution on the appointment of XU Zongxiang, YAO Guiqing and
                                                                 GUO Yonghong as members of the Quality and Safety Committee of the
                                                                 Board was considered and approved at the meeting.



128   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name of meeting               Time of meeting   Resolutions


The 2nd Meeting of the        25 March 2022     1. The resolution on the Annual Report for 2021 of China Railway Signal &
Fourth Session of the Board                         Communication Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the
                                                    meeting;
                                                2. The resolution on the Final Account Report for 2021 of China Railway
                                                    Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                    approved at the meeting;
                                                3. The resolution on the profit distribution plan for 2021 of China Railway
                                                    Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                    approved at the meeting;
                                                4. The resolution on the Scheme of Main Economic Indicators for 2022
                                                    of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was
                                                    considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                5. The resolution on the payment of audit fees for 2021 and the plan of
                                                    appointment of external auditor for 2022 was considered and approved at
                                                    the meeting;
                                                6. The resolution on the general mandate to issue debt financing instruments
                                                    was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                7. The resolution on the Special Report on Deposit and Use of Proceeds for
                                                    2021 was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                8. The resolution on the Report on Internal Control Evaluation for 2021
                                                    of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was
                                                    considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                9. The resolution on the Environmental, Social and Governance Report for
                                                    2021 of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was
                                                    considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                10. The resolution on the Report of the Board for 2021 of China Railway
                                                    Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                    approved at the meeting;
                                                11. The resolution on the Report on the Duty Performance of the Audit
                                                    and Risk Management Committee for 2021 of China Railway Signal &
                                                    Communication Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the
                                                    meeting;
                                                12. The resolution on the remuneration/evaluation of directors and senior
                                                    management of the Company for 2021 was considered and approved at
                                                    the meeting;
                                                13. The resolution on the change of the joint secretary and authorized
                                                    representative of the Company was considered and approved at the
                                                    meeting;
                                                14. The resolution on proposing to convene a general meeting was
                                                    considered and approved at the meeting;




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     129
      SECTION V                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           Name of meeting               Time of meeting     Resolutions


           The 3rd Meeting of the        16 April 2022       1. The resolution on designating ZHAO Xiaodong, vice president of the
           Fourth Session of the Board                               Company, to act on behalf of the Board secretary was considered and
                                                                     approved at the meeting;
           The 4th Meeting of the        28 April 2022       1. The resolution on the First Quarter Report for 2022 of China Railway
           Fourth Session of the Board                               Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                                     approved at the meeting;
                                                             2. The resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Safety and Quality
                                                                     Development of CRSC was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             3. The resolution on Authorization to Deal with Matters regarding the
                                                                     Purchase of Liability Insurance of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                                                                     Management of the Company was considered and approved at the
                                                                     meeting;
           The 5th Meeting of the        30 May 2022         1. The resolution on the appointment of WAN Baohua as the vice president
           Fourth Session of the Board                               of the Company was considered and approved at the meeting;
           The 6th Meeting of the        17 June 2022            1. The resolution on the appointment of LI Lianqing as the chief accountant
           Fourth Session of the Board                               of the Company was considered and approved at the meeting;
           The 7th Meeting of the        14 July 2022            1. The resolution on the appointment of LI Lianqing as the Board secretary,
           Fourth Session of the Board                               joint company secretary and authorized representative of the Company
                                                                     was considered and approved at the meeting;
           The 8th Meeting of the        8 August 2022           1. The resolution on utilizing unused raised funds for cash management was
           Fourth Session of the Board                               considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                 2. The resolution on nominating ZHANG Quan as a candidate for executive
                                                                     Director of the fourth session of the Board of the Company was
                                                                     considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                                 3. The resolution on proposing to convene an extraordinary general meeting
                                                                     was considered and approved at the meeting;




130   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Name of meeting               Time of meeting   Resolutions


The 9th Meeting of the        29 August 2022    1. The resolution on the Interim Report for 2022 of China Railway Signal &
Fourth Session of the Board                         Communication Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the
                                                    meeting;
                                                2. The resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Technology Development of
                                                    CRSC was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                3. The resolution on the Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of
                                                    the Proceeds for the First Half of 2022 was considered and approved at
                                                    the meeting.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022     131
      SECTION V                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           Name of meeting               Time of meeting     Resolutions


           The 10th Meeting of the       28 October 2022     1. The resolution on the Third Quarter Report for 2022 of China Railway
           Fourth Session of the Board                           Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                                 approved at the meeting;
                                                             2. The resolution on the external guarantee plan for 2023 of China Railway
                                                                 Signal & Communication Corporation Limited was considered and
                                                                 approved at the meeting;
                                                             3. The resolution on the signing of the Financial Services Framework
                                                                 Agreement and related party transactions between CRSC Group
                                                                 Finance Limited and China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                                                                 Corporation Limited was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             4. The resolution on the issuance of risk assessment report to CRSC Group
                                                                 Finance Limited by China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                                                                 Limited was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             5. The resolution on the Risk Disposal Plan for Development of Financial
                                                                 Business by CRSC Group Finance Limited was considered and approved
                                                                 at the meeting;
                                                             6. The resolution on the approval on the qualification of copper and
                                                                 aluminum futures hedging business of CRSC Cables Company Ltd. was
                                                                 considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             7. The resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Market Operation and
                                                                 Development of CRSC was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             8. The resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Overseas Business
                                                                 Development of CRSC was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             9. The resolution on the amendment to the Compliance Management
                                                                 Measures of CRSC and the formulation of the Compliance Management
                                                                 Manual of CRSC was considered and approved at the meeting;
                                                             10. The resolution on the appointment of CHEN Shikui as the chief
                                                                 compliance officer of the Company;
           The 11th Meeting of the Fourth 4 December 2022    1. The resolution on the movements of the account designated for the
           Session of the Board                                  proceeds of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                 was considered and approved at the meeting;




132   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                        SECTION V                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


X.   PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

     (I)   Directors’ Attendance at the Board Meetings and General Meetings


                                                                                                                                                   Attendance at
                                                                                                                                                     the general
                                                                         Attendance at the Board meeting                                               meetings
                                                    Number of
                                                      required
                                                   attendances                                                                        Failure to
                                                   at the Board                                                                          attend
                                                       meeting                         Number of                                    meetings in        Number of
                                                    during the     Number of          attendances      Number of                  person for two     attendances
                                 Independent         Reporting    attendances         by means of    attendances      Number of     consecutive     at the general
           Name of Director      director or not        Period      in person telecommunications           by proxy   absences            times         meetings


           ZHOU Zhiliang                     No             12            12                    4                0            0              No                 3
           XU Zongxiang                      No             12            11                    4                1            0              No                 3
           ZHANG Quan                        No              3             3                    1                0            0              No                 0
           YAO Guiqing                      Yes             12            12                    4                0            0              No                 3
           GUO Yonghong                      No             12            12                    4                0            0              No                 3
           YAO Cho Fai Andrew               Yes             11            11                    4                0            0              No                 2
           FU Junyuan                       Yes             11            11                    4                0            0              No                 2
           YANG Yongsheng                    No              8             8                    3                0            0              No                 2
           CHEN Jin’en                      Yes              1             1                    0                0            0              No                 1
           CHAN Ka Keung Peter              Yes              1             1                    0                0            1              No                 –


           The explanation of failure to attend Board meetings in person for two consecutive times


           □ Applicable           ✓ Not applicable


           Number of the Board meetings held for the year                                                                                                     12
           Including: number of meetings held onsite                                                                                                            0
           Number of meetings held by means of telecommunications                                                                                               4
           Number of meetings held onsite and by means of telecommunications simultaneously                                                                     8




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022           133
      SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (II)   Objections Raised by Directors against Relevant Matters of the Company


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (III) Others


                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                  During the Reporting Period, the Board focused on the continuous professional development of Directors
                  and actively encouraged and organized Directors to participate in the trainings. In order to keep their
                  knowledge and skills up to date as well as improve their capacities of duty performance, all members
                  of the Board of Directors continued to learn all kinds of regulatory information and the latest regulatory
                  requirements in their daily duties, including relevant laws and regulations and regulatory documents in
                  relation to corporate governance and Listing Rules, meanwhile they read industry, professional books
                  and publications. During the Reporting Period, all Directors (including Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, Mr. XU
                  Zongxiang, Mr. ZHANG Quan, Mr. GUO Yonghong, Mr. Yao Guiqing, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr.
                  FU Junyuan) attended the seminar on the construction of the board of directors of central enterprises
                  and various important conferences held by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                  Commission of the State Council, the training on regulatory services organized by the Listed Companies
                  Association of Beijing and the relevant training organized by the SSE, etc. All Directors further understood
                  the regulations of domestic and overseas regulatory institutions, code of conduct for the performance
                  of duties as directors and requirements for information disclosure which A+H listed companies should
                  follow.




134   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


XI.   THE SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


      The Company has established five special committees under the Board of Directors, including the Strategy and
      Investment Committee, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, and the Quality and Safety Committee. Members of the Remuneration and
      Evaluation Committee and the Audit and Risk Management Committee were all held by external directors, who
      accounted for the majority of the Nomination Committee and the Quality and Safety Committee, ensuring that
      external directors fully express their opinions and perform their duties efficiently.


      (I)    Members of the Special Committees under the Board of Directors


             Categories of Special Committees                      Member Name


             Nomination Committee                                  ZHOU Zhiliang, YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew
             Remuneration and Evaluation Committee                 YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew, FU Junyuan
             Strategy and Investment Committee                     ZHOU Zhiliang, XU Zongxiang, YAO Guiqing,
                                                                   YAO Cho Fai Andrew, FU Junyuan
             Audit and Risk Management Committee                   FU Junyuan, GUO Yonghong, YAO Cho Fai Andrew
             Quality and Safety Committee                          XU Zongxiang, GUO Yonghong, YAO Guiqing

      (II)   The Nomination Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period


                                                                                        Important
                                                                                        comments and     Other performance
             Time of meeting     Content of the meeting                                 recommendations of duties


             17 January          Considered the resolution on nominating candidates     Agreed
                                  for non-independent Directors of the fourth session
                                  of the Board of the Company and the resolution on
                                  nominating candidates for independent Directors of
                                  the fourth session of the Board of the Company
             30 May              Resolution on the appointment of WAN Baohua as         Agreed
                                  a vice president of the Company
             2 June              Resolution on the appointment of the chief             Agreed
                                  accountant of the Company
             8 August            Resolution on nominating ZHANG Quan as a               Agreed
                                  candidate for executive Director of the fourth
                                  session of the Board of the Company




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   135
      SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 During the Reporting Period, from January 2022 to February 2022 the Nomination Committee consisted
                 of Chairman Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, independent non-executive Directors Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. CHEN Jin’en
                 serving as members. Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang served as the chairman; from February 2022 to December
                 2022 the Nomination Committee consisted of Chairman Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, independent non-executive
                 Directors Mr. YAO Guiqing and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew serving as members. Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang
                 served as the chairman. The Nomination Committee was accountable to the Board of Directors and was
                 mainly responsible for researching the selection criteria, procedures and methods for Directors and senior
                 management and making recommendations; reviewing candidates for Directors and senior management,
                 and providing review opinions and appointment recommendations to the Board of Directors; reviewing
                 the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and making recommendations to the Board of
                 Directors on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and senior management and the succession
                 plans for the above-mentioned personnel. In reviewing the size and composition of the Board of Directors,
                 identifying and nominating candidates for Directors, the Nomination Committee shall consider relevant
                 factors to achieve the diversity of the Board of Directors members according to the business model and
                 specific demands of the Company.


                 The Nomination Committee adopts the following procedures for selection and appointment of Directors
                 and senior management members:


                 (I)     actively studying the Company’s demands for new Directors and senior management members and
                         preparing written materials;


                 (II)    searching for candidates for Directors and senior management members in the Company and its
                         wholly-owned and holding (joint-stock) enterprises and the talent market;


                 (III)   gathering information of preliminary candidates, including occupation, education, job title, detailed
                         work experience and all part-time jobs, and preparing written materials;


                 (IV) seeking the consent of the nominees for nomination;


                 (V)     convening a meeting of the Nomination Committee to conduct a qualification check of the
                         preliminary candidates based on the appointment criteria for Directors and senior management
                         members;


                 (VI) submitting to the Board its recommendations on the candidates for Directors and senior
                         management members and relevant materials prior to the election of new Directors or the
                         appointment of new senior management members;


                 (VII) implementing other follow-up work in accordance with the decisions and feedback of the Board.


                 In reviewing the structure of the Board, the Nomination Committee considers Board members diversity
                 from various aspects, including but not limited to cultural, educational background, professional
                 experience, skills and knowledge. All appointments of Board members are based on meritocracy, and
                 candidates are considered with due regard for the capacity, skill and experience required for the overall
                 operation of the Board, so as to ensure the proper balance of the Board members.


136   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                SECTION V              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Company understands and strongly believes that diversity among Board members is an
important element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantages and fostering the Company’s
sustainability. The Company considers the diversity of Board members from many aspects when
determining the composition of the Board of Directors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, race, professional experience, skills, knowledge, and service period. As
the Nomination Committee makes recommendations or suggestions to the Board of Directors on the
appointment of new Directors of the Company, it will fully take into account the benefits of diversity of
Board members. Meanwhile, the Company considers the above factors based on its own business model
and specific needs from time to time, and will ultimately come to a decision based on the strengths of the
candidates and the contributions they can provide to the Board of Directors.


The table below shows the diversity position/overview of the Board of Directors of the Company as at the
date of this report.


           7           Non-executive
                          Director
           6                                                                     60-69
                                                   Doctor
           5            Independent
                       Non-executive
           4              Director


           3
                                                  Master/                        50-59
           2             Executive
                                               Post graduate
                                                qualification
                          Director
           1
           0
                                                 Education
                         Position                                              Age Group
                                                Qualification


Currently, the Company’s Directors are all male, and we understand the particular importance of gender
diversity, so we will strive to improve the gender diversity of the Board. In selecting and recommending
suitable candidates for Board membership, the Company will take the opportunity to increase
the proportion of female members in the Board and enhance gender diversity in accordance with
shareholders’ expectations and recommendation. The Company expects to identify suitable candidates to
appoint at least one female director by 31 December 2024, and plans to promote gender diversity in the
recruitment of staff at mid to senior level so that the Company will have more female senior management
and potential successors to Board members.


In the process of reviewing the composition of the Board of Directors, the Nomination Committee
evaluated the skills and experience of each Director and their relevance to the Company’s business, and
arrived at a conclusion that the existing structure of the Company’s Board of Directors is reasonable and
their talent, experience, and professional knowledge are balanced and meet the Company’s business
needs.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   137
      SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 During the Reporting Period, records of attendance of the members at the meeting of the Nomination
                 Committee are set out as follows:


                                                       Number of meetings              Number of meetings         Number of meetings
                 Name of Director                         required to attend                actually attended              not attended


                 ZHOU Zhiliang                                                   2                            2                       0
                 YAO Guiqing                                                     2                            2                       0
                 CHEN Jin’en                                                     1                            1                       0
                 YAO Cho Fai Andrew                                              1                            1                       0

                 Note:


                 1.      Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company with effect from
                         25 February 2022. As resolved by the Board on 25 February 2022, Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang was appointed as the
                         chairman of the Nomination Committee, and Mr. YAO Guiqing and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew were appointed
                         as members of the Nomination Committee, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated
                         25 February 2022 published by the Company on the HKExnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) of the Hong Kong
                         Stock Exchange.


           (III) The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period


                                                                                               Important
                                                                                               comments and       Other performance
                 Time of meeting        Content of the meeting                                 recommendations of duties


                 13 December            Listened to the report on the remuneration of the      Agreed
                                         corporate officers for 2021 of CRSC and the tenure
                                         incentive income for 2019-2021.


                 During the Reporting Period, from January 2022 to February 2022 the Remuneration and Evaluation
                 Committee consisted of independent non-executive Directors Mr. CHEN Jin’en, Mr. CHAN Ka Keung
                 Peter, Mr. YAO Guiqing serving as members. Mr. CHEN Jin’en served as the chairman; from February
                 2022 to December 2022 the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee consisted of independent non-
                 executive Directors Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. FU Junyuan, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew serving as members.
                 Mr. YAO Guiqing served as the chairman. The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee was mainly
                 responsible for formulating and assessing the evaluation standards of the Company’s directors and senior
                 management; formulating and reviewing the remuneration policies and plans of the Company’s directors
                 and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board of Directors; and reviewing and
                 implementing the terms of the Executive Directors’ Service Contracts and making recommendations to
                 the Board of Directors. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of
                 the Board of Directors strictly complied with the Company’s Working Rules for the Remuneration and
                 Evaluation Committee of the Board of Directors and other system requirements, and performed the duties
                 of the committee independently and objectively.




138   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


During the Reporting Period, records of attendance of the members at the meeting of the Remuneration
and Evaluation Committee are set out as follows:


                                 Number of meetings        Number of meetings        Number of meetings
Name of Director                    required to attend         actually attended              not attended


CHEN Jin’en                                            0                         0                         0
CHAN Ka Keung Peter                                    0                         0                         0
YAO Guiqing                                            1                         1                         0
FU Junyuan                                             1                         1                         0
YAO Cho Fai Andrew                                     1                         1                         0

Note:


Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as the chairman of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Company
with effect from 25 February 2022, and Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter ceased to serve as a member of the Remuneration
and Evaluation Committee of the Company with effect from 25 February 2022. As resolved by the Board on 25
February 2022, Mr. YAO Guiqing was appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee,
and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. FU Junyuan were appointed as members of the Remuneration and Evaluation
Committee, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 25 February 2022 published by the
Company on the HKExnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022    139
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (IV) The Strategy and Investment Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period


                                                                                       Important
                                                                                       comments and       Other information on
                 Time of meeting      Content of meeting                               recommendations performance of duties


                 17 January           Researched on the 14th Five-Year Plan for        Agreed
                                        Development


                 During the Reporting Period, from January 2022 to February 2022 the Strategy and Investment
                 Committee consisted of executive Directors Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, Mr. XU Zongxiang, Mr. YANG
                 Yongsheng, independent non-executive Directors Mr. CHEN Jin’en and Mr. YAO Guiqing serving as
                 members. Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang served as the chairman; from February 2022 to December 2022 the
                 Strategy and Investment Committee consisted of executive Directors Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang, Mr. XU
                 Zongxiang, independent non-executive Directors Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. FU
                 Junyuan serving as members. Mr. ZHOU Zhiliang served as the chairman. The Strategy and Investment
                 Committee was accountable to the Board of Directors, mainly responsible for researching the Company’s
                 development strategy and planning, and making recommendations on major investments, major
                 investment and financing, major capital operations, asset management projects, and other major issues
                 affecting the Company’s development.


                 During the Reporting Period, records of attendance of the members at the meeting of the Strategy and
                 Investment Committee are set out as follows:


                                                      Number of meetings          Number of meetings      Number of meetings
                 Name of Director                       required to attend          actually attended              not attended


                 ZHOU Zhiliang                                               1                        1                          0
                 XU Zongxiang                                                1                        1                          0
                 YANG Yongsheng                                              1                        1                          0
                 CHEN Jin’en                                                 1                        1                          0
                 YAO Guiqing                                                 1                        1                          0
                 YAO Cho Fai Andrew                                          0                        0                          0
                 FU Junyuan                                                  0                        0                          0

                 Note:


                 Mr. YANG Yongsheng ceased to serve as a member of the Strategy and Investment Committee of the Company with
                 effect from 25 February 2022, and Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as a member of the Strategy and Investment
                 Committee of the Company with effect from 25 February 2022. As resolved by the Board on 25 February 2022, Mr.
                 ZHOU Zhiliang was appointed as the chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee, and Mr. XU Zongxiang,
                 Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. FU Junyuan were appointed as members of the Strategy and
                 Investment Committee, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 25 February 2022 published
                 by the Company on the HKExnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




140   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     SECTION V                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


(V)   The Audit and Risk Management Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period


                                                                                Important
                                                                                comments and        Other performance
      Time of meeting   Content of the meeting                                  recommendations of duties


      21 March 2022     Reviewed the 2021 annual audit report and internal      They agreed with    They listened to the
                         control audit report of Ernst & Young Hua Ming          the above motion    statement on the annual
                         LLP on China Railway Signal & Communication                                 critical tasks of the Legal
                         Corporation Limited, considered the resolution on                           Compliance Department
                         the Payment of Audit Fees for 2021 and Plan for                             and Audit Department
                         Appointment of External Auditor for 2022
      26 April 2022     Considered the resolutions on the First Quarter         They agreed with    They listened to the
                         Report for 2022 of China Railway Signal &               the above motion    statement on the critical
                         Communication Corporation Limited, the Major                                tasks for the first quarter
                         Risk Monitoring Report for the first quarter of 2022                        of 2022 of the Legal
                         of CRSC, the Internal Audit Report for 2021 and                             Compliance Department
                         Internal Audit Plan for 2022 of China Railway Signal                        and Audit Department.
                         & Communication Corporation Limited and the
                         Quality Assessment Report on Internal Audit Work
                         for 2021 of China Railway Signal & Communication
                         Corporation Limited
      25 August 2022    Considered the resolution on the Results of BDO         They agreed with    They listened to the
                         China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants          the above motion    statement on the critical
                         LLP’s 2022 Interim Review on China Railway Signal                           tasks for the first half
                         & Communication Corporation Limited                                         of 2022 of the Legal
                                                                                                     Compliance Department
                                                                                                     and Audit Department.
      26 October 2022   Considered the resolutions on the Third Quarter         They agreed with    They listened to the
                         Report for 2022 of China Railway Signal &               the above motion    statement on the critical
                         Communication Corporation Limited, the Approval                             tasks for the third quarter
                         on the Qualification of Copper and Aluminum                                 of 2022 of the Legal
                         Futures Hedging Business of CRSC Cables                                     Compliance Department
                         Company Ltd., the Risk Management, Compliance                               and Audit Department.
                         Management and Legal Management Work for
                         the Third Quarter of 2022 of China Railway Signal
                         & Communication Corporation Limited, and the
                         Implementation Plan for the Accountability of
                         Illegal Operation and Investment for 2022 of China
                         Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                         Limited




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      141
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 During the Reporting Period, from January 2022 to February 2022 the Audit and Risk Management
                 Committee consisted of independent non-executive Directors Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter, Mr. CHEN
                 Jin’en, non-executive Director Mr. GUO Yonghong serving as members. In particular, Mr. CHAN Ka
                 Keung Peter, who has rich knowledge and experience in accounting, served as the chairman; from
                 February 2022 to December 2022 the Audit and Risk Management Committee consisted of independent
                 non-executive Directors Mr. FU Junyuan, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew, non-executive Director Mr.
                 GUO Yonghong serving as members. In particular, Mr. FU Junyuan, who has rich knowledge and
                 experience in accounting, served as the chairman. The Audit and Risk Management Committee was
                 mainly responsible for proposing the selection and replacement of the Company’s external audit firm;
                 supervising the Company’s internal audit system; the communication, supervision and verification
                 of the Company’s internal audit; reviewing the financial information and its disclosure; reviewing risk
                 management and internal systems; reviewing the Company’s risk management strategies and solutions;
                 risk control, management, supervision and evaluation of major decisions, major events, and important
                 business processes. During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee strictly
                 complied with the requirements of the Company’s Working Rules for the Audit and Risk Management
                 Committee of the Board of Directors and the Working Rules for the Annual Report of the Audit and
                 Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors and other system requirements, performed
                 the duties of the committee independently and objectively, and actively carried out work centering on
                 auditing and supervision, financial monitoring, internal control system construction and comprehensive
                 risk management. It considered several proposals on financial reports such as the periodic reports of
                 the Company, carefully studied the contents of the proposals, and repeatedly checked and studied the
                 financial information disclosed in the reports and financial statements of the Company. They regularly
                 listened to the reports of the Risk Control Center (Legal Compliance Department and Audit Department)
                 on major risk assessment, major risk monitoring, major risk events, corporate compliance management,
                 corporate system building, internal control evaluation, internal audit work quality assessment, internal
                 audit work, and execution of internal audit.


                 During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has reviewed the annual results
                 of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021, the unaudited interim results of the Company for
                 the six months ended 30 June 2022 and the quarterly results of the Company for the three months ended
                 31 March 2022 and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022.




142   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 SECTION V                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Audit and Risk Management Committee has discussed the accounting policies and practices
adopted by the Company, internal control and financial reporting matters with the senior management
of the Company, and has reviewed the effectiveness of the accounting policies and practices adopted
by the Group, financial control, the risk management and internal control system and the internal audit
function of the Group for 4 times, and considers that the Group’s risk management and internal control
system and the operation of the internal audit department remain effective. Meanwhile, the Audit and
Risk Management Committee had 5 meetings with external auditors. The Audit and Risk Management
Committee has also reviewed the compliance of the Company with the Corporate Governance Code and
the Corporate Governance Report (the Corporate Governance section of this report) of the Company.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee has also listened to the special report on major risk
assessment and major risk measures of the Company in 2022, conducted special audit in this regard and
proposed dynamic tracking of the implementation of major risk control measures, to ensure the efficiency
and effectiveness of risk control measures.


During the Reporting Period, records of attendance of the members at the meeting of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee are set out as follows:


                                  Number of meetings         Number of meetings         Number of meetings
Name of Director                     required to attend          actually attended               not attended


CHAN Ka Keung Peter                                      0                          0                          0
CHEN Jin’en                                              0                          0                          0
GUO Yonghong                                             4                          4                          0
FU Junyuan                                               4                          4                          0
YAO Cho Fai Andrew                                       4                          4                          0

Note:


Mr. CHEN Jin’en ceased to serve as a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company with
effect from 25 February 2022, and Mr. CHAN Ka Keung Peter ceased to serve as the chairman of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee of the Company with effect from 25 February 2022. As resolved by the Board on 25 February
2022, Mr. FU Junyuan was appointed as the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, and Mr. GUO
Yonghong and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew were appointed as members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee,
respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 25 February 2022 published by the Company on the
HKExnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022     143
      SECTION V                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (VI) The Quality and Safety Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                 Important
                                                                                                 comments and
                 Time of meeting       Content of meeting                                        recommendations    Other performance of duties


                 24 March              Communicated the Urgent Notice of the SASAC on            Agreed
                                        Thoroughly Implementing the Guidelines of General
                                        Secretary Xi Jinping’s Important Instructions and
                                        Rapidly Carrying out the Large-scale Investigation and
                                        Rectification of Hidden Safety Hazards, and discussed
                                        how CRSC could carry out the large-scale investigation
                                        and rectification of hidden safety hazards
                 26 April              Resolution on the 14th Five-Year Plan for Safety and      Agreed
                                        Quality Development of CRSC
                 26 December           Summary of safety and quality work for 2022 and safety    Agreed
                                        and quality work arrangement for 2023 of CRSC


                 As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Quality and Safety Committee consists of executive Director
                 Mr. XU Zongxiang, non-executive Director Mr. GUO Yonghong and independent non-executive Director
                 Mr. YAO Guiqing serving as members. Mr. XU Zongxiang serves as chairman. The Quality and Safety
                 Committee was accountable to the Board of Directors and was mainly responsible for researching the
                 Company’s major quality and safety decisions, researching the Company’s long-term quality and safety
                 mechanism construction, and reviewing the Company’s annual key work on quality and safety.


                 During the Reporting Period, records of attendance of the members at the meeting of the Quality and
                 Safety Committee are set out as follows:


                                                       Number of meetings                Number of meetings         Number of meetings
                 Name of Director                         required to attend                  actually attended               not attended


                 XU Zongxiang                                                        3                          3                           0
                 GUO Yonghong                                                        3                          3                           0
                 YAO Guiqing                                                         3                          3                           0

                 Note:
                 1.    As resolved by the Board on 25 February 2022, Mr. XU Zongxiang was appointed as the chairman of the Quality
                       and Safety Committee, and Mr. YAO Guiqing and Mr. GUO Yonghong were appointed as members of the
                       Quality and Safety Committee, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 25 February
                       2022 published by the Company on the HKExnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) of the Hong Kong Stock
                       Exchange.


           (VII) The details of objections


                 □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


144   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


XII. SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

   As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company consists of 3 members,
   namely Mr. KONG Ning, Ms. LI Tienan and Ms. YANG Yang and Mr. KONG Ning served as the chairman.


   On 25 February 2022, the Company convened the first extraordinary general meeting for 2022. Upon the
   approval of the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting, Mr. KONG Ning and Ms. LI Tienan were
   appointed as shareholder representative Supervisors of the fourth session of the Supervisory Committee of the
   Company from 25 February 2022, forming the fourth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company,
   together with Ms. YANG Yang, the employee representative supervisor elected at the plenary meeting of the
   employee representative meeting of the Company held on 23 February 2022. The Supervisory Committee
   resolved to elect Mr. KONG Ning as the chairman of the fourth session of the Supervisory Committee of
   the Company on 25 February 2022. Mr. CHEN Shikui would cease to serve as an employee representative
   supervisor of the Company, with effect from 25 February 2022.


   The Supervisory Committee is made up of representatives of the Shareholders and an appropriate proportion
   of representatives of the Company’s staff. The actual proportion shall be stipulated in the Articles of Association
   of the Company, provided that the proportion of representatives of the Company’s staff shall not be less than
   one-third.


   Representatives of the Company’s staff at the Supervisory Committee shall be democratically elected by the
   Company’s staff at the staff representative assembly, general staff meeting or otherwise. A Supervisor shall
   serve a term of three years, and may seek re-election upon expiry of the said term. A Supervisor shall continue
   to perform his or her duties in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Company’s
   Articles of Association until a duly re-elected Supervisor takes office, if re-election is not conducted in a timely
   manner upon the expiry of his or her term of office or if the resignation of Supervisors results in the number of
   Supervisors being less than the quorum.


   The Supervisory Committee shall be accountable to the general meeting and may exercise the following
   powers:


   (1)   to review the Company’s financial position;


   (2)   to supervise the Directors, president and other senior management in their performance of their duties of
         the Company and to propose the removal of Directors and senior management who have violated laws,
         regulations, the Articles of Association or resolutions of general meetings;


   (3)   when the acts of a Director, president and other senior management are detrimental to the Company’s
         interests, to require him/her to correct such acts;




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    145
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (4)   to propose the convening of extraordinary general meetings and to convene and preside over general
                 meetings when the Board fails to perform the duty of convening and presiding over general meetings
                 according to laws;


           (5)   to put forward proposals to general meetings;


           (6)   to review and issue written review comments on the periodic reports of the Company prepared by the
                 Board;


           (7)   to initiate proceedings against Directors and the senior management in accordance with relevant laws;


           (8)   to initiate investigations into any irregularities identified in the operation of the Company and, where
                 necessary, to engage professional institutions, such as an accounting firm and a law firm, to assist its
                 work;


           (9)   other powers authorized by the Articles of Association or general meeting.


           During the Reporting Period, Supervisory Committee had monitored Directors and managers’ performance
           of functions and lawful operation of the Company, reviewed periodical reports of the Company prepared by
           the Board, reviewed the financial statements of the Company and conducted daily supervision and paid close
           attention to possible risks that may occur during the Company’s operation.


      XIII. EXPLANATION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON DISCOVERY OF THE COMPANY’S
            RISKS

           □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


           The Supervisory Committee had no objection to the supervision matters during the Reporting Period.




146   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


XIV. EMPLOYEES OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AS OF THE END OF
     REPORTING PERIOD

   (I)   Employee


         Number of in-service employees of the parent company                                                124
         Number of in-service employees of major subsidiaries                                             19,525
         Total number of in-service employees                                                             19,649
         Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne by
           the parent company and major subsidiaries                                                            –


         Professional composition


         Category                                                                                       Number


         Production personnel                                                                              5,005
         Sales personnel                                                                                   1,160
         Technical personnel                                                                               8,541
         Financial personnel                                                                                 664
         Administrative personnel                                                                          2,538
         Other                                                                                             1,741


         Total                                                                                            19,649


         Educational background


         Category                                                                              Number (person)


         Doctoral candidate                                                                                   79
         Master degree candidate                                                                           2,744
         Bachelor’s degree                                                                                11,049
         College degree                                                                                    3,587
         High school degree and below                                                                      2,190


         Total                                                                                            19,649


         The Board emphasizes on diversity (including gender diversity) at all levels of the Group. As at 31
         December 2022, the Company managed to attract female talent and maintained the employee gender
         ratio of about 3:1 (male: female) in 2022, which was in line with the Group’s employee diversity policy.
         The Group will take into account several factors in recruiting employees, including but not limited to
         gender, age, cultural and educational background, qualifications, race, professional experience, skills,
         knowledge and service period and the Group will ensure its staff team’s gender diversity.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   147
      SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


           (II)   Remuneration Policy

                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable

                  In accordance with various policies and guidelines of the state in relation to income distribution and
                  considering the requirements of modern enterprise system, the Company has been continuously
                  improving the remuneration management system and established a salary determination and normal
                  increment mechanism which is basically adapted to the labor market and linked with the enterprise
                  benefits and labour productivity. The Company gives full play to the incentive and constraint functions that
                  remuneration distribution may serve to attract and retain the core talents of the Company, and focuses on
                  the cultivation and reward of scientific and technological talents and technical talents.

                  In terms of total remuneration adjustment, the Company strictly follows the archival management
                  measures of total remuneration, and adheres to the basic principle of efficiency-based wages, i.e., the
                  enterprises with high efficiency and benefit set high wage levels, which reflects the fairness of distribution,
                  at the same time, support of standalone measures of total remuneration was provided to the team
                  undertaking key core technology research projects to stimulate the enthusiasm of scientific research
                  personnel; in terms of management of the remuneration of responsible persons, the remuneration of
                  responsible persons are linked with the operating performance and the management of the Company,
                  which has good guiding and supporting effects on achieving the operation and management objectives; in
                  terms of the remuneration management of employees of the Company, the Company established a salary
                  system based on basic wages and performance-based bonus, to reflect the job value orientation and
                  work achievement orientation of internal income distribution, effectively enhance the working positivity of
                  employees and improve the vitality of enterprises.

                  The remuneration policy of Directors and Supervisors of the Company is as follows:

                  1.   The remuneration and benefit standards for executive Directors: total pre-tax remunerations
                       (including basic salaries and performance-based salaries) + social insurances (“insurances and
                       housing provident fund” paid by the Company for individuals) + annuity (supplementary pension
                       insurance paid by the Company for individuals).

                  2.   Total pre-tax remunerations for independent non-executive Directors consist of basic remunerations,
                       allowances for attending Board meetings, allowances for attending meetings of special committees
                       under the Board, of which basic pre-tax annual remunerations for Directors of special committees
                       and other independent non-executive Directors are RMB100,000 and RMB80,000, respectively;
                       and pre-tax allowances for attending Board meetings and meetings of special committees are
                       RMB3,000/time and RMB2,000/time, respectively.

                  3.   The remuneration standards for an independent non-executive Director served by a person-in-
                       charge of a central enterprise leaving his current post, including leaders of state-owned enterprises,
                       state-owned financial enterprises and other units and their internal institutions and subsidiaries, shall
                       be implemented in accordance with the Notice on Salary Allowances for External Directors Served
                       by Persons-in-charge of Central Enterprises Leaving Their Current Posts (Guo Zi [2016] No. 531)
                       (
                       《關於退出現職的中央企業負責人擔任外部董事發放工資補貼有關事項的通知》                                                (國資[2016]531 號))
                       and Notice on Adjusting the Work Allowances Standards for Retired Persons in Charge of Central
                       Enterprises as Outside Directors (Guoziting Kao Fen [2020] No. 187) (     《關於調整退出現職的中央企
                       業負責人擔任外部董事工作補貼標準的通知》                          (國資廳考分[2020]187號)). The pre-tax work allowance
                       is pre-paid at RMB5,000/month per person. When the annual performance evaluation result is
                       determined, it will be cleared and cashed according to the corresponding standards. If the annual
                       performance evaluation result is excellent, the pre-tax work allowance standard is RMB100,000/
                       year; if the evaluation result is good, the pre-tax work allowance standard is RMB80,000/year; and
                       if the evaluation result is basically competent or below, the pre-tax work allowance standard is
                       RMB60,000/year, and no meeting allowance in any form is received.

                  4.   The remuneration and benefit standards for Supervisors: total pre-tax remunerations (including
                       post-based salaries and performance-based salaries) + social insurances (“insurances and housing
                       provident fund” paid by the Company for individuals) + annuity (supplementary pension insurance
                       paid by the Company for individuals)



148   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                       SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


   (III) Training Plan

         ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


         In 2022, according to training management measures of CRSC, the Company prepared the 2022 Annual
         Training Plan of the Company based on employees’ needs. To ensure the implementation of training
         plan, the Company cultivated talents by adopting the online and offline method, followed and supervised
         the implementation of training plan, and evaluated the training effect. In light of actual situation, each
         subsidiary organized the trainings for whole year. The training content included the work procedure
         of business, relevant specialized knowledge and business skills. All departments of the headquarters
         have carried out trainings according to the plan to strengthen the business training of the Group and
         the trainings on management ability and professional ability of the headquarters staff, and enhance the
         management and control ability of the Group.


         In 2022, 85.29% of the Company’s male employees participated in employee training, and 82.19% of
         female employees participated in employee training, with an average training time of over 20 hours.

   (IV) Labor Outsourcing

         ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


         Total number of working hours of outsourced labor                                         57 million hours
         Total remuneration paid to outsourced labor                                         RMB1,861.47 million

XV. PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR RESERVES-TO-EQUITY TRANSFER PLAN

   (I)   Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

         ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


         1.   Formulation of cash dividend policy


              While maintaining its sustained and steady development, the Company attaches great importance
              to the reasonable return on investment of shareholders. According to the relevant regulations of the
              CSRC, the Articles of Association have clearly stipulated the review procedures for cash dividend
              and profit distribution. The Company’s profit distribution complies with the provisions of the Articles
              of Association. The dividend standards and ratios are explicit and clear, and the relevant decision-
              making mechanism and procedures are complete.


         2.   Implementation of cash dividend policy during the Reporting Period


              On 10 June 2022, the 2021 annual general meeting of the Company reviewed and approved the
              profit distribution plan for 2021. Calculated based on the total share capital of 10,589,819,000
              shares (after the listing and issue of A Shares of the Company), cash dividends of RMB1.7 (tax
              inclusive) per ten shares were distributed, which had been completed.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    149
      SECTION V                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                  3.      Explanation of profit distribution plan for 2022


                          The Company held the 12th meeting of the fourth session of the Board on 23 March 2023. The
                          meeting reviewed and approved the Annual Profit Distribution Plan for 2022 with 7 affirmative votes,
                          0 dissenting vote and 0 vote abstaining from voting, and agreed to submit the profit distribution plan
                          to the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting for review. The plan decides that a cash dividend
                          of RMB1.7 (tax inclusive) will be paid to all shareholders for every ten shares, of which domestic
                          shareholders will be paid in RMB and H shareholders will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The
                          exchange rate of Hong Kong dollars will be calculated in accordance with the average forex closing
                          price published by the People’s Bank of China for the three working days before the day when the
                          dividend distribution announcement is made. As of 31 December 2022, the total share capital of
                          the Company was 10,589,819,000 shares. Based on this calculation, the total cash dividend to be
                          distributed is RMB1,800,270,000, accounting for 49.54% of net profit attributable to shareholders of
                          listed companies in the 2022 consolidated statement of the Company. The independent Directors of
                          the Company performed their duties diligently, carefully reviewed the proposal on the cash dividend
                          policy and issued independent opinions.


                          If the above profit distribution plan is reviewed and approved by the Company’s general meeting, the
                          cash dividends are expected to be distributed on or before 31 August 2023. When the specific time
                          is determined for convening the general meeting, the Company will separately announce further
                          details including the closure of the registration of members of the H shares and the expected cash
                          dividend payment date, if updated, in respect of the relevant cash dividend distribution. The time
                          arrangement such as the record date and the cash payment date for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
                          Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect investors is in line with that for H shareholders
                          of the Company.


           (II)   Special explanation of cash dividend policy


                  ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                  Whether the policy complies with the Articles of Association or requirements of                ✓ Yes □ No
                       the resolutions of the general meeting
                  Whether the criteria and proportion of dividends are specific and clear                        ✓ Yes □ No
                  Whether relevant decision-making procedures and mechanisms are complete                        ✓ Yes □ No
                  Whether independent directors have performed their duties and given play to                    ✓ Yes □ No
                       their due roles
                  Whether minority shareholders have adequate opportunities to express their                     ✓ Yes □ No
                       opinions and demands, and whether their legitimate rights and interests have
                       been adequately protected




150   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


(III) Provided that the Company has made profits and the parent company’s profits distributable
      to shareholders are positive, but no plan for distribution of profits by cash has been proposed
      during the Reporting Period, the Company shall disclose in details the reasons therefore and
      use and plan of usage of the undistributed profit


     □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


(IV) Profit distribution or reserves-to-equity transfer for the Reporting Period


     ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


     Number of bonus shares to be distributed for
       every ten shares (share)                                                                       –
     Amount to be distributed for every ten shares (RMB)
       (tax inclusive)                                                                              1.7
     Number of shares to be converted into share capital
       for every ten shares (share)                                                                   –
     Amount of cash dividend (tax inclusive)                                         1,800,269,230.00
     Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
       the listed company in the consolidated financial
       statement during the year of distribution                                     3,633,606,010.05
     Percentage of the net profit attributable to ordinary
       shareholders of the listed company in the
       consolidated financial statement (%)                                                      49.54
     Amount of repurchase of shares under cash offer
       included in cash dividend                                                                      –
     Total amount of dividend (tax inclusive)                                        1,800,269,230.00
     Total amount of dividend as a percentage of
       the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
       the listed company in the consolidated financial
       statement (%)                                                                             49.54




                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   151
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


      XVI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY ’ S SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN, EMPLOYEE STOCK
           OWNERSHIP PLAN OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE MEASURES AND THEIR IMPACTS

           (I)    General information of Share Incentive Plan


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (II)   Relevant incentive events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or
                  change in subsequent implementation


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


                  Other explanations


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


                  Employee stock ownership plan


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


                  Other incentive measures


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (III) The equity incentives granted to the Directors, senior management and core technicians during
                 the Reporting Period


                  1.   Stock option


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  2.   The first type of restricted stocks


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  3.   The second type of restricted stocks


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (IV)   Establishment and implementation of evaluation and incentive mechanisms for senior management
                  during the Reporting Period


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




152   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


XVII. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

   (I)    Accountability and Audit


          Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
          Company for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Directors consider that the Group has adequate
          resources to continue in business for the foreseeable future and are not aware of material uncertainties
          that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


   (II)   Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

          1.   Risk management and internal control management responsibilities


               The Board of the Company is responsible for determining the overall risk management objectives,
               risk tolerance, major risk management solutions and internal control construction implementation
               plans of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting for the effectiveness of overall risk
               management and internal control. The management of the Company is responsible for organizing,
               establishing and improving the Company’s overall risk management and internal control system.
               The legal compliance department of the Company is responsible for the construction and overall
               operation of the overall risk management and internal control system as well as the organization,
               coordination and centralized management of overall risk management and internal control. The
               audit department of the Company is responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of overall risk
               management and internal control, and conducting internal control audit and supervision. Such risk
               management and internal control management are designed to manage rather than eliminating
               the risk of failure to meet business objectives and to only provide a reasonable, but not absolute,
               assurance that there will be no material misrepresentations or losses.


          2.   Risk management and internal control management systems and procedures


               The Company has formulated the Measures for the Administration of Overall Risk Management and
               Internal Control of the Company and the Measures for the Administration of Risk Evaluation of the
               Company. In accordance with the regulations, the legal compliance department of the Company
               conducts a comprehensive risk evaluation on the whole system of the Company at the beginning of
               each year to examine the effectiveness of overall risk management and control in the previous year
               and identify the major risks that will be faced in the next year and the countermeasures taken by it.
               The audit department of the Company conducts an internal control assessment at the beginning of
               each year to assess the effectiveness of internal control of the whole system for the previous year,
               identify any internal control defects and implement the rectification of internal control defects. The
               legal compliance department and audit department of the Company report to the Audit and Risk
               Management Committee on risk management and internal control, including but not limited to the
               effectiveness and defects of internal control of the Company, overall risk evaluation results and
               management and control measures.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   153
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


                 3.    Non-compliance report policy and procedure


                       The discipline inspection and supervision department of the Company is responsible for accepting
                       reports on corrupt practices of internal staff of the Company, the violation of the Company’s rules
                       and regulations, the dereliction of duty or malfeasance, etc., and carrying out investigation and
                       handling in accordance with the Interim Provisions on Handling the Violation of Discipline and
                       Noncompliance by Staff of the Company. Employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders
                       of the Company can obtain the report telephone number from the official website of CRSC.
                       Specifically, in accordance with the Implementation Measures for Handling Complaints about
                       Tender and Bidding of the Company, it takes the lead in forming an investigation team to conduct
                       investigations into complaints about the tender and bidding of equipment and materials of CRSC
                       and their handling, and makes decisions on handling and gives replies, etc. according to law
                       pursuant to permissions.


                 4.    Key business risks and internal control


                       In accordance with the requirements of the Guidelines for Overall Risk Management of Central
                       Enterprises of SASAC, the Company implements risk management in the operation of all its
                       businesses and effectively manages and controls its business activities through the internal control
                       system and the internal control process. In accordance with the Measures for the Administration
                       of Rules and Regulations of Stock Company, the legal compliance department of the Company is
                       responsible for the construction and improvement of the internal control system and evaluating and
                       improving the effectiveness, operability and system coordination of the Company’s internal rules
                       and regulations each year. In accordance with the Interim Measures for Investment Management of
                       Stock Company, the Interim Measures for Investment Management of Capital Operation Projects of
                       Stock Company and other regulations, the relevant business departments of the Company conduct
                       special risk evaluations on important management activities such as investment and generate
                       special risk evaluation reports as an important basis for decision making.




154   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION V                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


5.   Overall situation of risk management and internal control for 2022


     In 2022, the legal compliance department and the audit department of the Company organized
     all functional departments and enterprises of all levels to conduct overall risk evaluations, internal
     control assessments, rationalize internal control system and procedure, and continue to improve
     the internal control system, conduct investigations on special risk, track the implementation of
     major risk control measures, and give risk warning at the beginning of the year in accordance with
     the regulations and the requirements of the Board of Directors and management of the Company
     and organized special risk evaluations on and took countermeasures against each major project in
     order to improve the Company’s overall risk management and internal control management system
     and ensure that the Company’s risks are controllable, the internal control system and procedure
     continue to be effective and internal control measures are effectively implemented. For the year
     ended 31 December 2022, the Board has reviewed the risk management and internal control
     system of the Company and its subsidiaries through the legal compliance department and the audit
     department, and considers that the system is still effective and sufficient.


     Meanwhile, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has reviewed the effectiveness of the
     Group’s risk management and internal control systems, covering annual material risks and response
     measures, financial monitoring, internal control and risk management system. The Audit and Risk
     Management Committee has also considered the adequacy of the Group’s resources, employee
     qualifications and experience in respect of accounting and financial reporting functions, and has
     reported the relevant matters to the Board. No significant defect in internal control was identified in
     relevant review.


6.   Handling and releasing inside information


     In accordance with the Company’s information disclosure management regulation, the Company
     has defined the scope of inside information and relevant staff, established a sensitive information
     submission and release approval mechanism and reviewed the content of the list on a regular basis
     so as to quickly identify and promptly report any material which may constitute inside information.
     When receiving any material which may constitute inside information, the information disclosure
     management department will immediately evaluate the information and monitor the information
     before the release of the information to ensure that only a small number of those who need to
     know the information receive such information and ensure that these persons are well aware of
     their confidentiality responsibility. If such material is judged to be inside information, the information
     disclosure management department will coordinate the release of inside information as soon as
     possible through the electronic publication system operated by the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022    155
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


      XVIII. CONSTRUCTION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM DURING THE
             REPORTING PERIOD

           ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


           In 2022, CRSC continuously managed the whole life cycle of the internal control system, conducted reviews
           and evaluations on the internal control system, formulated an annual system construction plan, conducted
           regular tracking on the progress of system establishment, revision and abolition and comprehensively
           promoted the construction of systems. It refined the establishment of the internal control system and carried
           out investigations on the whole system. For the establishment, revision and abolition of rules and systems of
           the Company as well as changes in external laws and regulations and other regulatory requirements, it fully
           reviewed and optimized internal control procedures, amended and released the Overall Risk Management
           and Internal Control Management Manual. It systematically established special systems on compliance
           management, formulated and released compliance management systems on basic management, employee
           behaviors, job responsibility and other aspects, and signed letters of undertaking on compliance with all
           employees, further consolidating the foundations for the compliance management of the Company. CRSC
           continuously strengthened the operation and implementation of systems and facilitated the modern governance
           system and capability of the Company.


           Explanation of any significant defects in internal control during the Reporting Period


           □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


      XIX. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OVER SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

           ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


           By improving the system construction, reforming the management organization and optimizing the working
           mechanisms, the Company strengthened the responsibilities of the management organization, smoothened
           the management procedures and conducted all-round management and control of subsidiaries’ production and
           operation, finance and assets, staff and organizations as well as risk prevention and control. At present, the
           management and control mechanism for subsidiaries is running in an orderly and steady manner. By guiding
           the construction of the board of directors of subsidiaries, the Company optimized the governance mechanism,
           improved the corporate governance and drew on the functions of the Board of Directors in “developing
           strategies, making decisions and preventing risks”, further amplifying the role and value of the Board of
           Directors.




156   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


   In addition, by building the decision-making on major events, appointment and dismissal of important cadres,
   investment decisions on major projects, and use of large amounts of funds (“Three Importance and One
   Large”) and operation supervision system, investment project approval decision-making system, safety and
   quality information system, data collection system for three-year action plan for reform, contract information
   system, accountability information system and other information systems, the Company obtained information
   of subsidiaries in time, and regularly carried out major risks tracking and monitoring to achieve dynamic
   management and control of subsidiaries. In the next step, the Company will further strengthen information
   construction, strengthen the control of subsidiaries through scientific and technological means and better serve,
   guide and support the deep reform, production, operation and risk prevention of subsidiaries.


XX. RELEVANT INFORMATION ABOUT AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

   ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


   The Report on Internal Control Evaluation for 2022 (              ) and the Audit Report for
                                                     《2022 年度內部控制評價報告》
   2022 of BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP on the Internal Control of China Railway
   Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (
                                              《立信會計師事務所(特殊普通合夥)關於中國鐵路通信信號股
   份有限公司 2022 年度內部控制審計報告》
                        ) have been disclosed on the designated websites of the Shanghai
   Stock Exchange(www.sse.com.cn) and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the official website of the
   Company (www.crsc.com.cn) together with this report.


   Whether to disclose the audit report of internal control: Yes
   Opinion type of internal control audit report: Standard report without reserved opinions


XXI. SELF-EXAMINATION AND RECTIFICATION OF LISTED COMPANY GOVERNANCE SPECIAL
     ACTIONS

   With reference to the Special Self-examination List of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the
   Company carefully reviewed and inspected the setting of corporate organizations, the establishment of system,
   the operation and decision-making of organizations, controlling shareholders, actual controllers and related
   parties, the internal control management, the information disclosure, the circumstances of investors and
   other aspects. It set rectification targets, made elaborate arrangements and promptly made rectifications in
   an organized way. All problems were fully rectified. During the Reporting Period, in combination of the targets
   on the three-year action of the state-owned enterprise reform, the Company further improved the corporate
   governance system, refined the governance structure, strengthened regulated operations, enhanced the
   governance efficiency and promoted the high-quality corporate development, facilitating the completion of the
   three-year action of the state-owned enterprise reform with high quality.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   157
      SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


      XXII. JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

           From 15 July 2022 to the date of this report, Mr. LI Lianqing and Mr. WEI Weifeng have been the joint company
           secretaries of the Company. Mr. WEI Weifeng serves as a director and the group chief executive officer of
           SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a professional corporate service provider), and his
           main contact person in the Company is Mr. LI. Mr. LI and Mr. WEI undertook no less than 15 hours of relevant
           professional training for the year ended 31 December 2022.


           With effect from 16 April 2022, Mr. HU Shaofeng resigned as one of the Joint Company Secretaries of the
           Company due to change in his job arrangement. With effect from 25 March 2022, Ms. NG Wing Shan resigned
           as one of the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company, and Mr. WEI Weifeng replaced her as the joint
           company secretary of the Company. On 17 January 2022, Ms. QIU Wei resigned as one of the joint company
           secretaries of the Company due to job change, and Mr. HU Shaofeng became a joint company secretary of the
           Company.


      XXIII. AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND MATTERS RELATING TO THE AUDITOR

           The particulars of the Company’s auditors are set out in Section VII “Significant Events” in the annual report.


      XXIV. OTHERS

           □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




158   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
I.    STATEMENT ABOUT ESG FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      The Company’s Board of Directors has always attached great importance to the ESG work, started from
      top-level design, integrated ESG into corporate management, and established a closed loop of ESG risk
      investigation, control, monitor and improvement. The Company has a department dedicated to the day-
      to-day ESG management and preparation of ESG report. The 2022 ESG report is the 10th ESG report of
      the Company, which describes the management philosophy, highlight practices and annual results of the
      Company’s work on environmental, social and governance in 2022. For more details, please refer to the 2022
      ESG report disclosed with this report.


II.   ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION

      Whether mechanisms related to environmental protection have been established                                 Yes
      Amount of investment in environmental protection during the Reporting Period (unit: RMB0’ 000)           1,849.31

      (I)   Whether it falls in the category of key pollutant-discharging units determined by environmental
            protection departments


            □ Yes    ✓ No


            1.   Construction and operation of pollution prevention and control facilities


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company enhances management on the operation of environmental and energy-saving
                 equipment and facilities. For the VOC treatment facilities for electronic board cards, industrial
                 manufacturing entities maintain purification devices based on the requirements of operation
                 specifications and regularly change filters to ensure the stable operation of equipment and facilities.


            2.   Environmental impact assessment and other administrative licenses in relation to environmental
                 protection of construction projects


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company conducts the “three simultaneous” work on the environmental protection of new,
                 rebuilt and expanded projects. It carried out three simultaneous assessment on the environmental
                 protection of the production line of intelligent power supply equipment for environmental gas from
                 the railway construction of the CRSC, the intelligent and digital transformation of the lead-free
                 manufacturing of Shanghai Railway Communication and the Science and Technology Mansion of
                 CRSC Electrification Bureau, fully practicing the green manufacturing concept of “saving energy,
                 cutting down consumption, reducing pollution and improving efficiency” and controlling pollution in
                 the feasibility study stage.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   159
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                  3.     Emergency plan for contingent environmental incidents


                         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                         The Company formulated the Measures for Reporting, Investigation and Handling of Environmental
                         Emergencies of the CRSC, which defined and classified environmental emergencies, specified
                         organizations and responsibilities, clarified the reporting, investigation, handling and accountability
                         of contingent environmental incidents and standardized the emergency management of such
                         incidents.


                  4.     Environmental self-monitoring program


                         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                         The Company conducts environmental monitoring in compliance with regulations and ensured
                         the standard emission of pollutants. Relevant enterprises of the CRSC completed the inspections
                         on wastewater, exhaust gas and noises at boundary based on the inspection cycle to ensure
                         emissions in compliance with national and local emission standards. Shenyang Railway Signal Co.,
                         Ltd., Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd. and other relevant enterprises enhanced tour inspections and
                         maintenance on the online monitoring system of local ecological and environmental management
                         departments for discharging terminals to ensure standard emissions.


                  5.     Other environmental information to be disclosed


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (II)   Administrative penalty for environmental problems during the Reporting Period


                  None




160   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
  (III) Information on energy consumption and emissions


      ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


      The Company adheres to the guidance of Xi Jinping’s ecological civilization thought, thoroughly
      implemented the requirement of the Party Central Committee, the State Council and SASAC on the
      work of carbon peak and carbon neutrality, actively fulfills the development philosophy of “Green
      mountains and clear water are invaluable assets” (綠水青山就是金山銀山), advocates resource and
      energy conservation, promotes innovation of green and low-carbon technology, minimize emissions of
      waste water, waste gas and waste materials, builds green and low-carbon cycling development system,
      reduce environmental pollution by various measures, forms a green development style and lifestyle,
      and empowers high-quality development with green and low-carbon. In 2022, the Company accelerated
      the elimination of high-energy-consuming and high-pollution processing equipment, accelerated the
      demonstration, application and promotion of new energy-saving and low-carbon technologies, processes
      and products, implemented green manufacturing, and improved the level of energy conservation and
      resources recycling. CRSC also implemented clean and efficient use of fossil energy, strictly and
      reasonably controlled coal consumption, promoted the transformation of coal power to a supporting and
      regulatory power resource, strictly controlled new coal power projects, continuously eliminated backward
      coal power productivity, and actively and orderly promoted substitution of coal and transformation of coal
      cleaning.


      1.   Greenhouse gas emissions


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           The Company puts energy-saving resources in the first place, improves utilization efficiency,
           actively implements transformation and upgrading of green and low-carbon, continuously
           reduces energy and resource consumption and carbon emissions per unit of production, and
           reduces carbon dioxide from the source. CRSC fully plays the main role of enterprise innovation,
           strengthens technological innovation and institutional innovation, enhances the supply ability of
           high-quality and green products and services, accelerates the application and promotion of key
           green and low-carbon technology and products. In 2022, CRSC standardized the regulation,
           measurement, statistical caliber and calculation method of its subsidiaries on carbon dioxide and
           other greenhouse gas and incorporated the carbon dioxide from the production of the full industrial
           chains of engineering construction enterprises, design, R&D and assembly enterprises and other
           non-industrial enterprises into the scope of statistics, including carbon dioxide emissions from the
           combustion of fossil fuels, purchased power and heat. In 2022, the emissions of carbon dioxide
           reached 74,039 tons and the emission density was 0.0186 ton/RMB10,000.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   161
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                 2.    Energy and resources consumption


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                           2020-2022 Annual Energy and Resources Consumption of CRSC


                                                Electric       Liquefied
                       Energy Type               Power               Gas      Gasoline          Diesel         Thermo      Natural Gas
                                                   MWh                m3           ton             ton       million kJ            m3


                       2020                     80,719.1         87,154.2      3,848.1          1,037.2      122,483.6     2,230,187.0
                       2021                    109,700.0         74,883.0      3,800.0          1,606.3       86,601.8     2,952,281.6
                       2022                     84,040.2         23,536.4      4,267.5          2,620.3       47,964.4     2,082,460.0


                                                      2020-2022 Annual Energy and Resources Consumption of CRSC


                                                                                                                          Combined
                                                                                    Water           Combined                 Energy
                                                                  Water     Consumption                   Energy     Consumption
                       Energy Type                     Consumption               Intensity      Consumption                 Intensity
                                                                                                                             tons of
                                                                                                          tons of   standard coal/
                                                                     ton ton/RMB’ 0,000         standard coal             RMB’ 0,000


                       2020                                   1,093,600                  0.27             41,130                 0.01
                       2021                                     938,003                  0.24             25,955                 0.01
                       2022                                     887,390                  0.22             24,830                 0.01




162   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
    3.   Waste and pollutant emissions


         ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                                                                    2020-2022 Annual General Waste Emissions of CRSC


                                                                                  Engineering
                                           Manufacturing                          Construction                                  Office Premises
                                                                                                                                                      Toner
                                                                                     Disposal                                                     Cartridges
                                                                                    Volume of                                                     and other
         Type of                                                                  Construction        Waste            Waste      Electronic        printing
         General Waste   Wood    Plastic        Metal      Carton        Others         Waste         Paper            Lamp           Waste        supplies    Bulbs
                          ton       ton           ton         ton           ton           ton            kg              unit           unit            unit    unit


         2020            107.2    330.7        1,355.9       99.0         133.5        6,040.6      49,292.5            6,660            617          5,113     889
         2021            104.5    320.3         692.9       100.7         133.2       28,753.3      35,405.6            2,867          1,109          4,834    1,366
         2022            139.9    221.4         934.8        63.3         159.1       17,542.0       33498.1           10,074          1,078          7,279    1,474


         Company environmental protection management system and other information


         ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


         CRSC has attached great importance to the work on energy conservation and environmental
         protection, and constantly improved relevant systems. Through irregular monitoring, tests and
         inspections, the current systems, such as CRSC Energy Conservation and Eco-environmental
         Protection Management Measures, Notice of CRSC on Strengthening the Management of Energy
         Conservation and Emission Reduction and Measures of CRSC for Reporting, Investigation and
         Handling of Environmental Emergencies, were under strict and effective implementation, ensuring
         that the Company meets the standards on environmental protection and safety.




                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022      163
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
           (IV) Measures taken to reduce carbon emissions during the Reporting Period and their effectiveness


                 Adopted carbon reduction measures or not             Yes
                 Emissions of CO2 equivalent reduced (unit: tons)     2,763.78
                 Types of carbon reduction measures (such as use      The Company explored the new energy structure
                 of clean energy in power generation, adoption of     and actively introduced photovoltaic projects.
                 carbon reduction technology in production and        CRSC Xi’an, a subsidiary of CRSC Xi’an Industry
                 R&D and production of new products conducive         Group and CRSC Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                 to carbon reduction)                                 established photovoltaic inspection teams and fully
                                                                      inspected distributed roof photovoltaic technologies.
                                                                      While simultaneously achieving power supply with
                                                                      the State Grid, they expanded the proportion of the
                                                                      use of green power, reduced the purchase of thermal
                                                                      power and boosted the promotion and use of green
                                                                      power. The Report on the Demand and Feasibility
                                                                      of Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation
                                                                      Projects of the two companies has passed review at
                                                                      professional meetings.


                 Specific explanation


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company actively followed the spirit of the Opinions of CPC Central Committee and State Council
                 on the Complete and Accurate Implementation of the New Development Philosophy to Work Well on
                 Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality (
                                                  《中共中央國務院關於完整準確全面貫徹新發展理念做好碳達峰碳中
                       ), and SASAC’s Guidance on Promoting Central Enterprises’ High-quality Development
                 和工作的意見》
                 and Working Well on Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality (Guo Zi Fa Ke Chuang [2021] No. 93)《關於
                                           (國資發科創[2021] 93 號)), set up a work
                 推進中央企業高質量發展做好碳達峰碳中和工作的指導意見》
                 leading group and a work group for the implementation of “Dual Carbon”, and clarified responsibilities and
                 personnel. CRSC formulated and issued the Action Plan for Carbon Peak of CRSC (CRSC Huan Jing
                 [2022] No. 372) (          (中國通號環境[2022]372 號)), which mainly includes general
                                《中國通號碳達峰行動方案》
                 requirement, objectives and strategies, eleven key tasks, nine key projects and six guarantee measures.


                 CRSC convened a video meeting on promoting the work on carbon peak and carbon neutrality to deeply
                 implement Xi Jinping’s thought on ecological civilization and significant decisions and deployments of
                 the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the SASAC on ecological conservation. A total of
                 124 specific leaders, safety directors, department heads and supervisors of all subsidiaries attended the
                 meeting. The meeting proposed requirements and deployments on eleven aspects to promote the work
                 on “carbon peak and carbon neutrality”.




164   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
  (V)   New technologies, new products and new services in reduction of carbon emission


        ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


        By improving the R&D design, scientific research management and process optimization, the Company
        has strengthened the collaborative development of scientific research, improved R&D efficiency and
        reduced energy consumption of scientific research. The new interconnected system of CRSC CASCO
        promoted energy saving and reduction of carbon emission. It focused on the research and development
        of the dynamic coupling and uncoupling functions of the TRANAVI system in interconnected trains under
        fully automatic operation to achieve resources sharing among trains on different lines, realize dynamic
        deployment and flexible dispatching on the capacity of lines, improve the load rate of trains, reduce the
        annual mileage of trains and achieve energy saving and reduction in carbon emission while meeting
        passengers’ travelling demands. The big data management system on intelligent industries of CRSC
        Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd. was preliminarily established. It can conduct real-time monitoring on the
        abnormal temperature, current overload, overvoltage and under voltage in electrical lines and monitoring
        on power, and achieve monitoring on the energy consumption and power safety of major power
        transformation and distribution facilities and electric equipment in the park.


        Engineering enterprises actively carried out the development and promotion of green and low-carbon
        technologies. CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Construction Engineering Co., Ltd. conducted the
        development on the Hard and Soft Installment of Roof Solar Photovoltaic Brackets, the Study on
        Flat Roof Photovoltaic Construction Technology and other scientific research topics in 2022. CRSC
        Construction Group displayed the advantages of prefabricated buildings in saving resources and
        conducted reasonable disassembly and assembly of templates with BIM technology and improved the
        recycling rate. Through the reasonable disassembly of PC components, it achieved the standardization
        of components and saved the wastage of templates and turnover fees. The development and promotion
        of green and low-carbon technology improved the process, reduced the cost, enhanced the quality of
        projects and reduced the emission of construction waste. It also boosted recycling efforts and facilitated
        green construction.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   165
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
           (VI) Information beneficial to ecological protection, pollution prevention, and fulfilling environmental
                responsibility


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 R&D and system integration entities integrated the concept of green and low-carbon development into
                 all links and continued to increase the introduction of design ideas and integration concepts of energy
                 conservation and environmental protection. In terms of selecting materials and equipment, energy
                 conservation and environment-friendly technical solutions were preferred, low-energy components and
                 equipment configurations were adopted to ensure energy conservation and low carbon from the source.


                 Industrial manufacturing entities accelerated the pace of enterprise upgrading and promoted green
                 development. The BRSC of CRSCD, CRSC Xi’an, a subsidiary of CRSC Xi’an Industry Group, actively
                 carried out the establishment of green credit systems. BRSC was awarded the title of “Four-Star Green
                 Credit Enterprise” in July. CRSC Xi’an initiated the establishment of qualifications for the appraisal on
                 “green plants” in April. It constantly improved energy saving and consumption reduction, green processes
                 and the control of sewage, exhaust and solid waste and explored new approaches for emissions reduction
                 through eliminating outdated equipment, adopting advanced and applicable clean production processes
                 and technologies and high-efficiency terminal treatment equipment and promoting the optimization of
                 the energy structure, achieving the green development of plants. In October, it obtained the certification
                 on provincial green plants and passed the publicity of national green plants by the MIIT. The BRSC of
                 CRSCD completed the renovation of 182 lights in the electronic processing center and warehouses for
                 finished products. It replaced the original metal halide lamps with a power of 400W/each with LED light
                 with a power of 100W/each, saving approximately 240,000kWh of electricity in 2022. CRSC Tianjin
                 Railway Signal Co., Ltd. invested a total of RMB91,300 in the replacement of 756 lamps into LED lights. It
                 replaced old air-conditioners with high energy consumption and purchased 14 air-conditioners with Class
                 1 energy efficiency label, which is featured with low energy consumption, achieving substantive effects in
                 energy saving and consumption reduction.




166   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
             Engineering construction enterprises actively practiced green construction. They gave priority to the
             use of national and industry-recommended energy-saving, high-efficiency and environment-friendly
             construction equipment, and selected the energy-saving construction equipment with inverter technology;
             optimized construction organization to maximize mechanical energy consumption and reduce carbon
             emissions; implemented a quota material collection system to eliminate waste of materials. The
             Application of BIM Technology in the Construction Stage of the Construction of the Eastern Square of
             Pingdingshan West Station of Zhengzhou-Chongqing High-speed Railway and Ancillary Infrastructure
             and the Application of BIM Technology in the EPC of Technological and Cultural Industrial Projects of
             Taihang Data Lake in High – and New-tech Area of Changzhi City of CRSC Engineering Bureau Group
             Urban Construction Engineering Co., Ltd. were awarded the gold award and the silver award at the 3rd
             “Zhijian Cup” International Smart Construction Innovation Awards, respectively. CRSC Electrification
             Bureau installed dust monitoring and excessive dust warning systems (for the monitoring of PM2.5,
             PM10 and noises) at construction sites and strictly abided by local management and control policies on
             environmental protection, demonstrating the undertakings of a central enterprise in creating a beautiful
             ecology and environment.


             CRSC organized publicity activities on the Environment Day on 5 June, the week for national publicity of
             energy conservation and the National Low-carbon Day in the whole system with over 33,523 participants.
             Over 500 leaders and business supervisors at various levels registered for the trainings on carbon peak
             and carbon neutrality organized by the SASAC. It greatly improved the environmental awareness of all
             employees and enhanced their professional capabilities and management skills.


III.   SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY WORK

       (I)   Social contribution of the main business and key indicators of the industry


             During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to further cultivate the rail transportation control
             system, accelerated the implementation of key core technology research and development, further
             consolidated and increased the market share of rail transportation control system, and continuously
             promoted the enterprise to achieve high-quality development. In 2022, we ensured the opening and
             operation of 1,200km of high-speed railway projects such as Hangzhou-Shaoxing-Taizhou High-
             speed Railway, Huanggang-Huangmei High-speed Railway, Yinchuan-Lanzhou High-speed Railway,
             Hubei section of Zhengzhou-Chongqing High-speed Railway, Henan section of Zhengzhou-Jinan High-
             speed Railway and Huzhou-Hangzhou High-speed Railway; ensured the smooth delivery of the newly
             constructed Hetian-Ruoqiang Railway, Dabao section of the newly constructed Dali-Ruili Railway, the
             renovation of Qinghai-Tibet Railway from Golmud to Lhasa section and the renovation and expansion of
             Zhuzhou Station; ensured the opening and operation of 23 urban rail transit projects including Hangzhou
             Airport Line, Changsha Subway Line 6 and Shenzhen Metro Lines 12 and 16, totaling 610km were put
             into operation.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   167
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
           (II)   Types and contributions of charitable activities


                  Type                                                       Amounts     Explanation


                  External donations
                    Including: Funds (RMB0’000)                                      –
                               Goods converted into money (RMB0’000)                 –   –
                  Commonweal projects
                    Including: funds (RMB0’ 000)                                 23.50   Donations to cultural and sports causes for
                                                                                             supporting the development of scientific,
                                                                                             education and personnel development and
                                                                                             funding poor children’s schooling
                               Number of people rescued (persons)                    –   the actual number of people it helps is unable
                                                                                             to be account due to the channels
                  Rural revitalization
                    Including: funds (RMB0’ 000)                                 36.00   Donations to areas receiving targeted
                                                                                             assistance for rural revitalization
                               Goods converted into money (RMB0’000)                 –   –
                               Number of people assisted in employment               –   The number of employees actually helped by
                               (persons)                                                     the Company is unable to be accounted due
                                                                                             to the channels


                  1.     Details of public charitable activities


                         ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                         While creating economic benefits, the Company always insists on giving back to society, actively
                         participates in public charitable activities and voluntary service actions, to help the society develop
                         harmoniously with practical efforts.


                         Providing strong guarantees to key programs. During the year, the Company completed tasks on
                         guaranteeing rail transportation for the 20th National Congress of the CPC, the Winter Olympics
                         and the Paralympic Winter Games, the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of Hong Kong’s Return
                         to the Motherland and the Shanghai CIIE. It dispatched two outstanding technical experts to provide
                         technical supports to the Winter Olympic villages, the Analeptic Inspection Center and the National
                         Speed Skating Oval. The Youth Volunteer Service Team of the Repairing and Maintenance Project
                         Department for Shanghai Metro, the Iron Army Youth Volunteer Service Team of the Renovation of
                         Shuozhou-Huanghua Railway from 3-Display Automatic Blocking to 4-Display Automatic Blocking
                         and other frontline organizations kept alert on preventing disasters. They fought against Typhoon
                         Meihua and floods. Their outstanding performance was reported by china.com.cn, chinadaily.com.cn
                         and other media.




168   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
         Offering warmth through voluntary services. The volunteer service teams carried out voluntary
         service activities at Shenyang Science Centrum. They guided tourists to get tickets and maintained
         the order to ensure operational safety. They displayed funny experiments to children, interpreted
         scientific knowledge, advocated youngsters to learn science and cultivated their interest, laying
         the seed for China’s scientific progress in the future. Employees of CRSC Electrification Bureau
         visited the voluntary trees planting base in Zhengzhou and carried out the voluntary trees planting
         activity themed “planting evergreen trees of corporate development and building a harmonious and
         beautiful homeland together”, injecting CRSC’s booming strength into the building of a beautiful
         China.


         Demonstrating undertakings through voluntary services. Cadres and employees actively
         participated in epidemic prevention and control in communities. They responded to the calls of local
         governments and fully devoted to voluntary services in epidemic prevention and control. Shanghai
         Engineering Bureau Group, a subsidiary of the Company, carried out the activities of “practicing
         the spirit of Lei Feng and carrying forward new conduct of the era”. It conducted disinfection and
         cleaning in local parks, surrounding communities, commercial areas and other public places and
         distributed epidemic prevention items and publicized knowledge on epidemic prevention in parks,
         metro stations and other public places, fully demonstrating the undertakings of a central enterprise.


    2.   Details on consolidating and expanding the achievements of shaking off poverty and rural
         revitalization


         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


         The Company focused on new conditions and new demands in rural revitalization and carried out
         targeted assistance in Sheqi in Henan for 19 consecutive years to develop the “Sheqi model” in rural
         revitalization. It established a leading group on targeted assistance, deployed the work on targeted
         assistance for the year, released the annual work plan and boosted inspections and supervisions
         to improve the long-term effectiveness of assistance. It improved the mechanisms on “endogenous
         development” and “exogenous assistance”, established a three-dimensional assistance system and
         promoted the overall revitalization of Sheqi with targeted efforts.


         Focusing on industrial revitalization. The Company introduced Henan Ruiken Agricultural
         Development Co., Ltd., the phase-II project of Henan Jinfangyuan Pharmaceuticals on TCM
         decoction pieces and the manufacturing of warehousing equipment of Henan Junfa to construct
         infrastructure for tobacco and vegetable seedling, blueberry plantation, chicken raising, shii-take
         and TCM materials processing, which promoted employment and increased farmers’ incomes.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   169
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                       Focusing on talent revitalization. The Company developed human resources in rural areas. It
                       organized special training classes on grass-roots cadres in rural areas, the rectification in villages
                       with slovenly cadres and training classes for leaders and technicians in rural entrepreneurship and
                       prosperity to systematically train grass-roots cadres in rural areas and leaders and agricultural
                       technicians in rural revitalization.


                       Focusing on cultural revitalization. The Company renovates Martyr Cemetery of Taihe Town and
                       the Ninth Red Army Martyr Cemetery in Wangluzhuang, Yandiangang, repaired and built the Third
                       Red Army Martyr Memorial Plaza and jointly built the Party History Museum of Raoliang Town to
                       promote rural revitalization with “red force”.


                       The Company focused on ecological revitalization. It purchased 6,000 red magnolias and Chinese
                       roses in the construction of a demonstration site of forest-like villages, the improvement of the living
                       environment and the construction of the “CRSC Cultural and Ecological Village in Yuanlao Village,
                       Zhuji Town”. It installed pollution treatment facilities, built new village roads and cultural parks and
                       renovated 2 ponds in Liuji Village, Taihe Town, effectively improving the production and life of local
                       residents.


                       It focused on organizational revitalization. Party committees of its subsidiaries in Henan entered
                       into an agreement on joint Party building with the Party branch of poverty-stricken villages in Sheqi
                       County. They continuously carried out paired assistance on consolidating foundations for Party
                       building, assisting in institutional establishment and public and group activities.


                       Maintaining key support. The Company continued to support the artificial flower industry. So far, it
                       has developed a scale with “over 100 upstream and downstream enterprises with an annual output
                       of over RMB300 million and over 2,000 people engaged in manual processing”, promoted the
                       establishment of the Sheqi Artificial Flowers Association, assisted the upgrading and renovation
                       of artificial flowers processing workshops in Haozhai Town and attracted over 50 families with
                       low incomes to work in enterprises. It assisted the establishment of artificial flowers processing
                       workshops in Lidian Town and employed a maximum of over 100 workers with a maximum monthly
                       revenue of over RMB5,000.




170   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
             Advancing assistance through consumption. Relying on the e-commerce platform for assistance
             through consumption by central enterprises, the Company actively participated in the activities of
             the “Week for Supporting and Vitalizing Agriculture through Consumption by Central Enterprises”
             and ranked the 56th among central enterprises in terms of the total amount of agricultural products
             purchased from areas lifted out of poverty. It also selected shops with outstanding assistance
             results and included them into the special hall for Sheqi County in the e-commerce platform for
             assistance through consumption by central enterprises, which expanded the sales channels of
             local processing enterprises and agricultural cooperatives. Huang Yuanfang, who assumed the
             temporary post of deputy county chief, served as a “livestreaming host”, cooperated with large
             livestreaming booths and sold agricultural products of over RMB5.71 million.


             Focusing on technological assistance. The Company advanced the strategy on agricultural
             revitalization with technology. It provided assistance for the group companies to establish special
             funds on agricultural revitalization with technology and plans to invest RMB3.50 million into the fund
             on a rolling basis to support technological and innovative enterprises in Sheqi and display functions
             of leading, orientation and demonstration.


  (III) Information about the protection of equity of shareholders and creditors


       The Company attached great attention to the protection of the equity of shareholders and creditors,
       actively performed its duties as a listed company, faithfully undertook its responsibilities as a national pillar
       and displayed its role as a central government-owned enterprise. The Company actively safeguards all
       legitimate interests of shareholders. The Company attaches importance to the return to shareholders and
       strictly implements the profit distribution in accordance with the relevant provisions of the CSRC and the
       SSE. On 10 June 2022, the 2021 annual general meeting was held to review and approve the Resolution
       on Profit Distribution Plan for 2021. It is recommended to distribute the cash dividend of RMB1.70 (tax
       inclusive) per 10 shares, and the cash dividend distributed amounted to approximately RMB1.8 billion,
       ranking the top of listed companies in the same industry with the same size. The Company attaches
       great importance to the right of shareholders to participate in the corporate governance and guarantees
       the rights of investors to participate in the general meeting of shareholders. To facilitate small and
       medium-sized investors to participate in corporate governance, the general meeting of the Company
       is generally convened in a relatively fixed time and office through the combination of on-site and online
       means. In addition, the chairman, president and other major leaders of the Company will directly
       respond to investors’ concerns face-to-face through setting up a shareholders’ question and answer
       session in general meeting. The Company pays great attention to information disclosure. Oriented to the
       demands of shareholders, the Company comprehensively strengthened two-way communications with
       shareholders, and disclosed important information of the Company in a true, accurate, complete, timely,
       fair, brief and clear manner, so as to ensure their right to know. The Company faithfully safeguards all
       legitimate rights and interests of all creditors. Through signing contracts and making regular payments,
       the Company actively cleans up the debts owed to creditors, especially the private enterprises to prevent
       overdue, delayed and no payment and fully ensure the payment of migrant workers’ wages. In addition,
       strictly complying with the requirements of bond issuance, the Company will timely repay the financing
       principal and interest on schedule to ensure the legal interests of bond holders.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    171
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
           (IV) Information about the protection of the interests of employees


                 In 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to strengthen democratic management to
                 safeguard the legitimate interests of employees. The first session of the 2nd Workers Congress of the
                 CRSC was convened, which considered and amended the enterprise annuity plan and the report on
                 investigation and treatment of hidden significant accidents, listened to and considered the report on
                 proposals and the performance of collective contracts and considered and approved resolutions of three
                 special committees of the Workers Congress and the meeting. All subsidiaries convened the workers
                 congress in standardized manners. It reviewed and approved the convening of the workers congress
                 by 10 subsidiaries, including the CRSC Research & Design Institute Group, and promoted the voting on
                 important resolutions by way of secret ballot at the workers congress. It realized employees’ participation
                 in and monitoring on major decision-making on the operation of enterprises from the source. It
                 implemented the systems on employee representative directors and employee representative supervisors
                 according to laws and completed the re-election of employee representative supervisors of the Company
                 and the by-election of employee representative directors within the session of the Group based on
                 democratic procedures.


                 The Company carefully performed collective contracts. With reference to core clauses on working hours,
                 leaves and holidays of laborers, labor remuneration, safety production, occupational health, education
                 and trainings, insurance and welfare, social security (assistance), life guarantees, management of labor
                 models and advanced individuals, employee disciplines and protection of female employees’ interests, it
                 conducted examinations and on-site sample inspections on the performance of the collective contract for
                 2022, completed the investigation and research on the draft of the Collective Contract of the CRSC for
                 2023-2025 and vigorously guaranteed employees’ legitimate rights and interests. The Company actively
                 promoted to improve collective negotiation and its subsidiaries have established collective contracts
                 and collective negotiation systems. In 2022, three subsidiaries, including the CRSC Communication &
                 Information Group, signed new collective contracts while other subsidiaries were still under the term of
                 contracts. Eight subsidiaries, including CRSCD, entered into agreements on salaries and improved the
                 coordination mechanisms on labor relations and benefits. All these fully guaranteed the information right,
                 participation right, expression right and the supervision right of employees and played an active role in
                 building harmonious labor relations.


                 The Company further advanced market-based employment, continuously standardized the employment
                 management of enterprises and reasonably allocated labors to establish harmonious labor relations.
                 Following the principles of equality, willingness and consensus through negotiations, the Company signed
                 labor contracts with employees in a timely manner. The signing and renewal rate of labor contracts
                 reached 100%. Major issues concerning the tangible benefits of employees have been submitted to the
                 workers congress for approval or collective negotiation before implementation. It improved work safety
                 and health systems and the working environment and carried out pilots on the life quality of employees
                 to safeguard the work safety and the physical and mental health of employees. The Company improved
                 the mechanisms on assisting employees with difficulties, cared about the physical and mental health
                 of cadres and employees and conducted education and trainings as well as activities on the employee
                 cultural festival, which created a united, harmonious, serious, joyful and positive atmosphere and further
                 enhanced the establishment of harmonious labor relations.

172   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
        Employee stock ownership


        Number of employees with stock ownership (person)                                                    N/A
        Proportion of employees with stock ownership in total number of employees
          of the Company (%)                                                                                 N/A
        Number of shares held by employees (10,000 shares)                                                   N/A
        Proportion of shares held by employees in total share capital (%)                                    N/A

  (V)   Information about the protection of the interests of suppliers, customers and consumer


        The Company has been insisting on continuously improving product quality and service level, ensuring
        the delivery of qualified projects and high-quality projects. The Company has been paying great attention
        to long-term win-win cooperation with suppliers and customers. Based on the principle of mutual benefit
        and reciprocity and joint development, the Company has established a friendly long-term cooperative
        relationship with suppliers and customers, and strives to guarantee the legal interests of suppliers,
        customers and consumers.


        The Company has constantly conducted in-depth marketing, effectively understood customers, quickly
        responded to customer demands, constantly improved customer satisfaction and loyalty. The Company
        has also comprehensively collected relevant statistics from Ministry of Transportation, State Railway
        Administration, CNRG and CAM, learnt the industry overview and developments of rail transit industry in
        a timely manner, identified the current operation status and development process of CRSC in the field of
        rail transit, and further regurgitated the market.


        The Company always safeguarded the interests of suppliers, customers and consumers. The Company
        shall strictly manage the performance of the contract, make payment to the suppliers timely, so as not
        to bring financial pressure to the suppliers. The Company shall also strictly perform the confidentiality
        agreement with the supplier, and not disclose the technical and commercial secrets of the supplier to any
        third party. The Company actively cultivates excellent suppliers with long-term cooperation in the industry
        chain, helps suppliers to improve their technology, enhance their quality control capacity. Base on credit
        rating, the Company has established a list of qualified suppliers, regularly published the “blacklist” of
        suppliers, provided high-quality products and services for suppliers and customers, ensuring the healthy
        and sustainable development of the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   173
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                 The Company speeded up the promotion of engineering innovation, comprehensively promoted the high-
                 quality engineering construction. The Company comprehensively carried out intelligent construction, BIM
                 technology and informatization to expand the application, construction and maintenance of integrated
                 construction, factory preassembly, etc. in the construction of four railroad projects, namely Yuxi-Mohan,
                 Lhasa-Nyingchi, Lianyungang-Xuzhou, Ganzhou-Shenzhen, and strived to improve the utilization rate
                 and efficiency of engineering innovation resources, and made the technology and concept mastered
                 achievements, systematic and platform.


                 The Company insists on stable and reliable product safety and quality. The Company established
                 a perfect standardized management system for engineering construction, quality, environment and
                 occupational health and safety management system in accordance with the requirements of relevant
                 national and industry laws and regulations and management standards, and provided the necessary
                 resources to ensure the effective operation of the relevant management system. The Company strictly
                 controlled over the construction of business lines and dangerous projects, while establishing traceability
                 control requirements for the delivered engineering products by using technologies such as QR codes,
                 and traceability could be realized for the material equipment, construction and inspection personnel,
                 and technical parameters of engineering projects. In 2022, the Company underwent various supervision
                 and inspection by the National Railway Administration, CNRG, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
                 Development, the Ministry of Emergency Management and other superior supervision and management
                 departments, and third-party certification units, without any illegal violations, material safety production
                 accidents or material malpractices.


                 The Company constantly created a “customer-focused” service concept. Relying on the strong R&D
                 and manufacturing integration advantages and advanced production processing and quality control
                 capabilities, the Company fully satisfied customers’ customized needs and provided them with high-
                 quality products on schedule, established a localized service center and a 24-hour response mechanism
                 for customer information feedback, and served our customers with the whole life cycle concept, providing
                 them with a series of service contents such as on-site maintenance, return to the factory for monitoring
                 and repair, equipment inspection, product training, and emergency protection.


                 The Company insisted on doing a good job of emergency response to deal with emergencies. In the face
                 of force majeure disasters such as pandemics, earthquakes and rainstorms, we actively assisted users in
                 repairing and maintaining on-site equipment to ensure the smooth flow of rail traffic and fulfill our social
                 responsibility.




174   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
  (VI) Product safety and security


       With the commitments on respecting life and safeguarding safety, CRSC abided by laws and regulations,
       standards and specifications and provided customers with safe and reliable systems, technologies and
       services. For products concerning core safety, the Company enhanced product safety control based on
       EN50126, EN50128 and EN50129, European safety management standards for railway products. In
       2022, the Company strengthened the safety certification of safety products and completed 161 product
       safety certifications. It improved safety product change control, supervised enterprises to focus on safety
       function changes to strengthen process control. It enhanced the tracking and remediation of problems
       and hidden dangers and intensified the “dual zero” management to improve product safety, reliability and
       safety and quality control capabilities.


  (VII) Other commitments of social responsibility


       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


       Guaranteeing the safety of rail transit. On 4 June 2022, the D2809 passenger train from Guiyang North
       to Guangzhou South hit a mudslide near the Rongjiang Station of the Guiyang-Guangzhou High-speed
       Railway and the 7th and 8th coaches of the train derailed. The project department of CRSC Engineering
       Group, which was participating in the construction of the new snow melting project at railway junctions
       for 3 stations, including Mafutian station, immediately set up a relief and rescue team and a vanguard
       of Party members after receiving the rescue notice and carried out rescue on the field. Despite limited
       construction conditions at night, complicated construction environment, cross operations and other
       various adverse factors, the vanguard of Party members displayed the model and leading role and
       cooperated with local governments and railway departments in the rescue, winning precious time for the
       resumption of the line. After 12 hours of struggling, the line was resumed and the Rongjiang Station of
       the Guiyang-Guangzhou High-speed Railway resumed operation.


       Fulfilling the responsibilities as a central enterprise. A 6.8-magnitude earthquake hit Luding county
       in Ganzi Tibetan autonomous prefecture, Sichuan province, at 12:52 on 5 September 2022, causing
       serious casualties and property losses. After the earthquake, the Party committee of the CRSC resolutely
       implemented the decisions and deployment of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on
       earthquake relief, earnestly implemented relevant requirements of the SASAC of the State Council and
       supported the quake relief and reconstruction after the earthquake in the quake-hit areas.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   175
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
      IV.   OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

            (I)   Party’s building


                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                  The Company successfully completed the recommendation and nomination of candidates for delegates
                  to the 20th National Congress of the CPC in the Central Government-Led Enterprise System (in Beijing).
                  As a representative of outstanding industrial workers, Ms. Ke Xiaobin was elected as a delegate to the
                  20th National Congress of the CPC. The Company kept integrating the Party’s leading into corporate
                  governance and continuously refined the decision-making system for “Three Importances and One Large”
                  (i.e. decisions on important issues, important personnel appointment and dismissal and important project
                  investment as well as use of large-amount funds) and the list of significant operation and management
                  matters for research and discussion by the Party committee in advance. It intensified the effective linkage
                  between the Party building assessment and the production and operation performance assessment,
                  carried out on-site appraisal, evaluation on Party building and expanded visits on 14 secondary
                  enterprises and promoted more accurate and practical appraisal on Party building. It reinforced the
                  foundation of strengthening enterprises with cadres and talents and always considered political standards
                  as the “primary standards”, which was fully recognized and praised by the SASAC. It promoted the
                  deep integration of Party building with businesses and conducted “boosting vitality, creating outstanding
                  results and promoting growth” themed activities in the whole system and explored the management with
                  standards on the points of Party members and the star level of Party branches. It organized featured
                  practice and talent demonstration activities on “1 July” and 4 excellent cases were selected as outstanding
                  innovation cases of SOEs on Party building of the year. The Company comprehensively consolidated the
                  prevention and control of the epidemic. 300 commandos of Party member and 707 pioneer positions were
                  set up by Party organizations at all levels and over 29,000 employees were motivated and participated
                  in preventing the epidemic and stabilizing production. It facilitated the deepening and expanding of
                  comprehensive and strict Party self-governance, held meetings on honest Party governance and anti-
                  corruption work and alarming and education meetings and arranged employees to watch the first self-
                  produced alarming and education video. The Company obtained the grade A appraisal in the annual tour
                  inspections on enterprises under the administration of the SASAC for two consecutive years. Its study
                  and discussion results were included into the “Tour Inspection Work of the SASAC” and its outstanding
                  cases were included into the “Cases of Tour Inspections on Central Enterprises”. It adhered to the leading
                  role of Party Building in team and project construction. The CCYL Committee of Shenyang Railway
                  Signal Co., Ltd. under CRSC (Xi’an) Rail Transit Industry Group Co., Ltd. was awarded the “National May
                  4th Red Flag Youth League Committee” and the “Advance Unit in Trade Unions and Finance at the Group
                  Level” by China Railway.




176   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
  (II)   Investor relationships and protection


         Type                                      Number   Related information


         Convening the results presentation             3   The Company held 1 results presentation
          meetings                                            meeting after the disclosure of the 2021
                                                              Annual Report; held 1 results presentation
                                                              meeting through participating in the “Special
                                                              Activities for Companies Based in North
                                                              China at the 2022 Half-year Collective Results
                                                              Presentation Meeting” after the disclosure
                                                              of the 2022 Interim Report; held 2022 Q3
                                                              results presentation meeting online after the
                                                              disclosure of the Q3 results.


         Carrying out investor relationships            –   The Company replied investors’ recent concerns
          management activities through                       or doubts through the SSE e-Interaction
          new media                                           platform in time to help investors better
                                                              understand, recognize and trust the Company.
                                                              The Company set up the WeChat Official
                                                              Account to present recent news of the
                                                              Company, demonstrate the Company through
                                                              more channels and better transmit the voice
                                                              of the Company, allowing investors to enter
                                                              the Company more conveniently and deeply
                                                              understand the Company.


         Setting up an investor                  ✓Yes □No   The Company’s official website has an
          relationships column on the                         investor relationships column, through which
          official website                                    investors can view the Company’s online
                                                              announcements and contact the Board Office
                                                              of the Company.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   177
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                 Details of investor relationship management and protection


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company attached great importance to investor relationship management and protection. The
                 Company always adheres to the principle of fair disclosure and makes disclosure on the Shanghai
                 Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange simultaneously since its listing. Given the different
                 regulatory requirements between the two places, the Company disclosed information in accordance
                 with the more stringent regulatory requirements. It conducted information disclosure in compliance with
                 laws and regulations, guaranteed the quality of information disclosure, promoted investors to understand
                 and recognize the Company and established the image of respecting investors. To further enhance
                 investors’ understanding of the Company, reduce information asymmetry to the maximum extent and
                 better demonstrate the Company’s strength to investors, the Company organized results presentation
                 meetings in a timely manner after the disclosure of regular reports. To facilitate small and medium-sized
                 investors to better participate in activities and improve the efficiency of communications, the Company
                 carried out online activities and communicated and interacted with domestic and overseas investors on
                 issues such as industry trends, development strategies, production and operation, financial conditions,
                 dividend distribution, risks and difficulties and other general concerns of investors through channels such
                 as live streaming, telephone questions and text interaction. It allowed investors to better understand the
                 Company, recognize the corporate culture and trust the corporate development, thereby realizing the
                 value of the capital market and safeguarding shareholders’ rights and interests.


                 Information about other ways of engagements with investors


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company carries out investors’ relations management through various channels. We keep in touch
                 with institutional investors and small and medium-sized investors through various forms such as the
                 Company’s investors’ hotline, investors’ email and SSE e-Interaction, regularly accept the consultation of
                 investors, analysts and media, answer the routine consultation telephone of investors in time, and ensure
                 that the questions on the SSE e-Interaction platform are answered on time.




178   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
           AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
  (III) Transparency of information disclosure


       ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


       The Company effectively fulfilled the information disclosure obligations as a public company, strictly
       complied with the published and implemented relevant information reporting and disclosure systems
       of the CSRC, the SSE, the Stock Exchange and the Company. It focused on high-quality information
       disclosure principles, specified the responsibilities of information disclosure subjects and solidified
       the reporting and disclosure procedures on internal significant information and guaranteed investors’
       timely and equally access to key information disclosed by the Company. In addition, on the basis of
       the established information disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations, the Company further
       enhanced the transparency of its information disclosure through voluntary disclosure, social responsibility
       report, etc., so that investors could understand the Company’s situation more deeply, share the
       achievements of the Company’s development and realize value investment.


  (IV) Intellectual property and information security protection


       ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


       In accordance with the Patent Law of the PRC, the Copyright Law of the PRC, the Standards for
       the Management of Corporate Intellectual Property Rights and other relevant laws and regulations,
       the Company formulated intellectual property management measures and system documents and
       supervised the implementation, continued to create, manage, protect and apply intellectual property
       rights, and respected the intellectual property rights of others while protecting our own intellectual
       property rights from infringement. The Company urged affiliated enterprises to formulate measures on
       intellectual property rights incentives and remuneration, and established corresponding management
       mechanisms such as intellectual property rights risk identification mechanism, early warning mechanism
       and intellectual property rights protection work system. The Company actively laid out overseas patents,
       and strengthened the analysis of patent risk warning for major overseas projects to continuously reduce
       intellectual property risks. In parallel with the development of scientific research, the Company continued
       to improve and implement the intellectual property management system.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   179
      SECTION VI ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
      AND OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
                 The Company deeply implemented General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important statement on safeguarding
                 cybersecurity, seriously implemented the Cybersecurity Law, the Data Security Law, the Personal
                 Information Protection Law, the Regulations on Protection of Security of Critical Information Infrastructure
                 and other laws and regulations, and released the CRSC Implementation Measures for Cybersecurity
                 Responsibility System to specify and implement the cybersecurity responsibility of the Company and its
                 subsidiaries. The Company actively organized and arranged for employees to participate in professional
                 training on cybersecurity capability, carried out cybersecurity attack and defense drills and focused on
                 enhancing and improving all employees’ cybersecurity awareness and professional technical level, which
                 provided technical guarantees and talent reserve for the cybersecurity and stable information-based
                 operation and maintenance of enterprises and effectively improved the Company’s overall cybersecurity.
                 The Company deeply conducted hierarchical protection, rating and filing, provided subsidiaries
                 with tutoring on hierarchical protection policies and technical standards and carried out normalized
                 hierarchical protection, rating and filing to continuously consolidate the results of the original rating and
                 filing. It advanced the promotion and deepening of the construction of Internet access convergence
                 and regulatory platforms; enhanced inspections on data security risks, carried out data classification
                 and grading; and implemented management and control measures on the safety of supply chains and
                 improved the awareness on the prevention of safety risks. During important periods such as the “Winter
                 Olympics”, the “National Day” and the “20th National Congress of the CPC”, the Company strengthened
                 the special work mechanism for information reporting, raised awareness, maintained proper vigilance,
                 strengthened duty, ensured smooth communication, and made emergency disposal.


           (V)   Institutional investors’ participation in corporate governance


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company attached great importance to the opinions and suggestions of institutional investors and
                 supported more institutional investors to participate in corporate governance. Through regular institutional
                 investors conference calls, the Company explained their doubts and concerns, and actively solicited
                 and listened to their opinions and suggestions on the Company’s development strategies, production
                 and operation, financial conditions, dividend distributions, employee incentives and other key matters
                 generally concerned in the capital market and arranged relevant departments to study and discuss in
                 order to view, handle and solve problems from more perspectives and truly allow investors’ voices to
                 be heard by the Company. Through diversified corporate governance, the Company further refined its
                 governance structure, improved the governance level, boosted the governance effectiveness, significantly
                 enhanced its core competitiveness and market investment value, and contributed to its high-quality
                 development.


           (VI) Other corporate governance


                 □Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




180   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     I.   THE PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

                          (I)   Undertakings during or carried forward to the Reporting Period by the Company’s actual controller, shareholders, related parties,
                                acquirers and the Company and other relevant parties providing undertakings


                                ✓ Applicable              □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                                Background of              Category of        Party providing                                                                                                                       Time and term               a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                                undertakings               undertakings       undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                            of undertakings             performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                                Undertakings associated with Restricted shares CRSC Group       The CRSC Group has made the following undertakings in respect of shares lock- up: (1) if the CRSC Group,                   Time of undertakings: Yes          Yes            –                   –
                                the initial public offering                                     within 36 months from the date when the CRSC’s A shares upon initial public offering are listed on the Shanghai 15 April 2019; term:
                                                                                                Stock Exchange, holds the CRSC’s A shares, it shall not transfer or entrust others to manage the CRSC’s                    within 36 months from
                                                                                                domestic shares directly or indirectly held by it prior to the issuance, nor shall CRSC ‘ repurchase such shares. the date of the listing of
                                                                                                (2) if the closing price of CRSC’s stocks for 20 consecutive trading days (except for all-day suspension of CRSC’s CRSC’s A shares
                                                                                                stocks) is lower than the issue price of this offering within six months after the listing of CRSC, or the closing
                                                                                                price at the end of six months after listing (if the day is not a trading day, it is the first trading day after that day)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SECTION VII
                                                                                                is lower than the issue price of this offering, the lock-up period of CRSC’s A shares held by CRSC Group will be
                                                                                                automatically extended for six months after the expiration of the above lock-up period. The issue price refers to the
                                                                                                issue price of this offering of CRSC. If CRSC, after being listed, performs the ex-dividend and ex-right for reasons
                                                                                                such as profit distribution, capital reserves to increase share capital, additional issuance, placement etc., it shall
                                                                                                do so in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. (3) if CRSC Group violates
                                                                                                the above undertakings, it will assume all legal liabilities arising therefrom. (4) if relevant laws, regulations and
                                                                                                regulatory documents or other securities regulatory authorities such as China Securities Regulatory Commission
                                                                                                and Shanghai Stock Exchange have other requirements for the lock-up period of shares, CRSC Group agrees to
                                                                                                adjust the lock-up period of CRSC’s shares held by it accordingly.

                                Undertakings associated Profit distribution   CRSC              CRSC has made the following undertakings in respect of profit distribution policies: The Company will distribute Time of undertakings:          No            Yes            –                   –
                                with the initial public offering                                profits to shareholders in strict accordance with the profit distribution policies stipulated by relevant laws and  15 April 2019, term:
                                                                                                regulations, the Articles of Association of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited, and           long-term effective
                                                                                                Dividend Distribution Plan within the Three Years after the Initial Public Offering and Listing of A Shares of CRSC
Annual Report 2022                                                                              (2019-2021), and strictly implement the review procedures for the profit distribution plan. If the violation of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
                                                                                                above undertakings causes losses to the investors, the Company shall be liable to the investors according to law.


181
182


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                                                           Background of               Category of        Party providing                                                                                                                     Time and term              a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SECTION VII
                                                           undertakings                undertakings       undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                          of undertakings            performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                                                           Undertakings associated with Non-competition   CRSC Group        CRSC Group have made the following undertakings in respect of the non-competition undertakings: (1) as of the Time of undertakings: Yes                    Yes            –                   –
                                                           the initial public offering  undertakings                        date of the issuance of letter of undertakings, CRSC Group and the holding enterprises of CRSC Group (excluding 15 April 2019; term: the
                                                                                                                            CRSC and its holding enterprises, same hereinafter) have not engaged in or participated in the businesses or              letter of undertakings
                                                                                                                            activities that constitute or may constitute a direct or indirect competitive relationship with the principal business takes effect from the
                                                                                                                            currently engaged in by CRSC and its holding enterprises in any form domestically or abroad. (2) CRSC Group date of issuance and
                                                                                                                            and its holding enterprises do not, currently or in the future, solely or jointly with others, directly or indirectly, in is terminated upon
                                                                                                                            any form (including but not limited to investment, merger and acquisition, associates, joint ventures, cooperation, the occurrence of the
                                                                                                                            partnership, contracting or leasing operation, purchase of shares of listed companies or equity participation)            following circumstances
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                            domestically or abroad engage in or participate in, or assist to engage in or participate in any businesses or            (whichever is earlier):
                                                                                                                            activities which compete or is likely to compete with the principal business engaged currently or in the future           CRSC Group is no
                                                                                                                            by CRSC and its holding enterprises. (3) if CRSC Group or its holding enterprises find any new business                   longer the controlling
                                                                                                                            opportunities which directly or indirectly compete or is likely to compete with the principal business of CRSC            shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

                                                                                                                            and its holding enterprises, they will immediately notify CRSC in writing and try their best to procure that these        CRSC terminates its
                                                                                                                            business opportunities are first provided to CRSC and its holding enterprises on reasonable and fair terms and listing (except for the
                                                                                                                            conditions. (4) if CRSC and its holding enterprises waive the above new business opportunities and CRSC Group temporary suspension
                                                                                                                            or its holding enterprises engage in these competitive businesses, CRSC and its holding enterprises have the right of trading of CRSC’s
                                                                                                                            to acquire any equity, assets and other interests in the abovementioned competitive business from CRSC Group stock for any reason
                                                                                                                            or its holding enterprises at one or multiple times at any time, or choose to entrust operation, lease or contract to
                                                                                                                            operate the assets or business of the above-mentioned competitive business in accordance with the PRC laws
                                                                                                                            and regulations. (5) if CRSC Group or its holding enterprises intend(s) to transfer, sell, lease, license or otherwise
                                                                                                                            transfer or permit to use the asset and business which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly,
                                                                                                                            with the principal business of CRSC and its holding enterprises, CRSC Group and its holding enterprises will
                                                                                                                            provide priority transfer rights to CRSC and its holding enterprises. (6) CRSC Group will indemnify CRSC and
                                                                                                                            its holding enterprises against all actual losses, damages and expenses suffered/occurred for CRSC Group or
                                                                                                                            its holding enterprises’ breach of any terms in the letter of undertaking. (7) the letter of undertakings takes effect
                                                                                                                            from the date of issuance and is terminated upon the occurrence of the following circumstances (whichever is
                                                                                                                            earlier): CRSC Group is no longer the controlling shareholder of CRSC; CRSC terminates its listing (except for the
                                                                                                                            temporary suspension of trading of CRSC’s stock for any reason
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                     Background of                Category of      Party providing                                                                                                                    Time and term           a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                     undertakings                 undertakings     undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                         of undertakings         performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                     Undertakings associated with Related Party    CRSC Group        CRSC Group has made the following undertakings in respect of regulating Related Party Transactions: (1)           Time of undertakings: Yes            Yes            –                   –
                     the initial public offering  Transactions                       CRSC Group and its holding enterprises (excluding CRSC and its holding enterprises, same hereinafter) will try 15 April 2019; term: the
                                                                                     their best to minimize the Related Party Transactions with CRSC and its holding enterprises. (2) for the Related letter of undertakings
                                                                                     Party Transactions related with operating activities of CRSC that are not avoidable, CRSC Group and its holding takes effect from the
                                                                                     enterprises will perform the decision-making procedures of Related Party Transactions to ensure fair pricing and date of issuance and
                                                                                     timely fulfill information disclosure obligations in strict compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and is terminated upon
                                                                                     regulatory documents as well as the relevant requirements in CRSC’s internal system related with Related Party the occurrence of the
                                                                                     Transactions. (3) CRSC Group will not take advantage of its position as a controlling shareholder to seek any     following circumstances
                                                                                     favorable conditions or benefits over independent third parties for CRSC Group and its holding enterprises from (whichever is earlier):
                                                                                     CRSC and its holding enterprises in business operation and other business. (4) CRSC Group will indemnify CRSC CRSC Group is no
                                                                                     and its holding enterprises against all actual losses, damages and expenses suffered/incurred for CRSC Group longer the controlling
                                                                                     and its holding enterprises’ violation of above-mentioned undertakings. (5) the above-mentioned undertakings      shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                                     remain effective when CRSC Group has the control right over CRSC and cannot be changed or cancelled.              CRSC terminates its
                                                                                                                                                                                                       listing (except for the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SECTION VII
                                                                                                                                                                                                       suspension of trading
                                                                                                                                                                                                       of CRSC’s stock for any
                                                                                                                                                                                                       reason)


                                                  Restricted shares CRSC Group       CRSC Group has made undertakings to extend the lock-up period of domestic shares held by CRSC upon its           Time of undertakings:   Yes           Yes            –                   –
                                                                                     initial public offering by 6 months to 21 January 2023. During the extended lock-up period, CRSC Group shall     15 April 2019; term:
                                                                                     not transfer or entrust others to manage the CRSC’s A shares (6,604,426,424 shares) held by it, nor shall CRSC   till 21 January 2023
                                                                                     repurchase such shares.




Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


183
184


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                                                           Background of               Category of    Party providing                                                                                                                         Time and term            a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SECTION VII
                                                           undertakings                undertakings   undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                              of undertakings          performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                                                           Undertakings associated with Others        CRSC              CRSC has made the following undertakings in respect of restraints on failure to comply with relevant public            Time of undertakings:   No            Yes            –                   –
                                                           the initial public offering                                  undertakings: (1) if the relevant undertakings made publicly by the Company in the prospectus have already             15 April 2019; term:
                                                                                                                        contained the restraints, such restraints specified in those undertakings shall prevail; if the Company breaches long-term effective
                                                                                                                        those undertakings, the Company agrees to adopt the restraints already specified in those undertakings. (2) if the
                                                                                                                        Company fails to perform its undertakings, confirms that it is unable to perform or fails to perform as scheduled,
                                                                                                                        its undertakings (except for the objective reasons beyond the control of the Company such as changes in
                                                                                                                        relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural disasters and other force majeure), the Company will take
                                                                                                                        the following measures: 1) publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform or
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                        to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary or
                                                                                                                        substitute undertakings to the Company and its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of the Company
                                                                                                                        and its shareholders as much as possible. 3) if the public investors suffer losses due to their reliance on the
                                                                                                                        undertakings of the Company in transactions, the Company will compensate them in the way and amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

                                                                                                                        determined by the securities regulatory authorities or judicial authorities. (3) in the event that the Company fails
                                                                                                                        to perform its undertakings, confirms that it is unable to perform or fails to perform as scheduled, its undertakings
                                                                                                                        due to objective reasons beyond the control of the Company such as changes in relevant laws and regulations
                                                                                                                        and policies, natural disasters and other force majeure, the Company will take the following measures: 1)
                                                                                                                        publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
                                                                                                                        undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary or substitute undertakings to the
                                                                                                                        Company and its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders as much as
                                                                                                                        possible.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                     Background of               Category of    Party providing                                                                                                                         Time and term            a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                     undertakings                undertakings   undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                              of undertakings          performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                     Undertakings associated with Others        CRSC Group        CRSC Group has made the following undertakings in respect of restraints on failure to comply with relevant             Time of undertakings:   No            Yes            –                   –
                     the initial public offering                                  public undertakings: (1) CRSC Group will strictly implement the public undertakings made by CRSC Group in the 15 April 2019; term:
                                                                                  prospectus for this issue and actively accept public supervision. (2) if CRSC Group fails to fulfill its undertakings, long-term effective
                                                                                  confirms that it is unable to perform or fails to perform as scheduled, its undertakings (except for the objective
                                                                                  reasons beyond the control of the Company such as changes in relevant laws and regulations and policies,
                                                                                  natural disasters and other force majeure), CRSC Group will take the following measures: 1) publicly explain the
                                                                                  specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the
                                                                                  media designated by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its shareholders
                                                                                  to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and its shareholders as much as possible. 3) in case of any gains (if
                                                                                  any) due to the failure to perform the relevant undertakings, the gains shall be owned by CRSC. 4) if the public
                                                                                  investors suffer losses due to their reliance on the undertakings of CRSC Group in transactions, CRSC Group will
                                                                                  compensate them in the way and amount determined by the securities regulatory authorities or judicial authorities.
                                                                                  (3) in the event that CRSC Group fails to perform its undertakings, confirms that it is unable to perform or fails
                                                                                  to perform as scheduled its undertakings due to objective reasons beyond the control of CRSC Group such as
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SECTION VII
                                                                                  changes in relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural disasters and other force majeure, CRSC Group will
                                                                                  take the following measures: 1) publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform
                                                                                  or to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary
                                                                                  or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and its
                                                                                  shareholders as much as possible.




Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


185
186


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                                                           Background of               Category of    Party providing                                                                                                                          Time and term             a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SECTION VII
                                                           undertakings                undertakings   undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                               of undertakings           performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                                                           Undertakings associated with Others        The Company’s     The Company’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management have made the following undertakings in                    Time of undertakings:      No            Yes            –                   –
                                                           the initial public offering                Directors,        respect of restraints on failure to comply with relevant public undertakings: (1) I will strictly perform the public  15 April 2019; term:
                                                                                                      Supervisors and   undertakings made in the prospectus for this issue and actively accept public supervision. (2) if I fail to perform long-term effective
                                                                                                      senior            my undertakings, confirm that I am unable to perform or fail to perform as scheduled, my undertakings (except for
                                                                                                      management        the objective reasons beyond my control such as changes in relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural
                                                                                                                        disasters and other force majeure), I will take the following measures: 1) publicly explain the specific reasons for
                                                                                                                        the failure to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the media designated
                                                                                                                        by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its shareholders to protect the
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                        rights and interests of CRSC and its shareholders as much as possible. 3) in case of any gains (if any) due to the
                                                                                                                        failure to perform the relevant undertakings, the gains shall be owned by CRSC. 4) if the public investors suffer
                                                                                                                        losses due to their reliance on my undertakings in transactions, I will compensate them in the way and amount
                                                                                                                        determined by the securities regulatory authorities or judicial authorities; if I receive the salary from CRSC, I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

                                                                                                                        agree that CRSC can stop paying the salary to me and use it directly to perform my unfulfilled undertakings or
                                                                                                                        to compensate for the loss caused to CRSC and its shareholders by my unfulfilled undertakings. (3) in the event
                                                                                                                        that I fail to perform my undertakings, confirm that I am unable to perform or fail to perform as scheduled, my
                                                                                                                        undertakings due to objective reasons beyond my control such as changes in relevant laws and regulations and
                                                                                                                        policies, natural disasters and other force majeure, I will take the following measures: 1) publicly explain the
                                                                                                                        specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the
                                                                                                                        media designated by the CSRC. 2) make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its shareholders
                                                                                                                        to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and its shareholders as much as possible.

                                                           Other undertakings          Others         CRSC              The Company undertook to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that the Company would not use the proceeds from Time of undertakings:                     No            Yes            –                   –
                                                                                                                        the global offering, as well as any other funds raised through the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, to finance or                 28 July 2015; term:
                                                                                                                        assist any activities or business, directly or indirectly, (i) relating to or with the target of any sanction, or relating long-term effective
                                                                                                                        to, with, or in any countries subject to sanctions administered by the U.S., the E.U., Hong Kong, Australia or
                                                                                                                        the U.N. authorities, or (ii) relating to CRSC International, one of the Company’s subsidiaries, considering the
                                                                                                                        amount of its annual revenue related to projects in Iran during the Track Record Period. In addition, the Company
                                                                                                                        also undertook to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that the Company would not undertake any sanctionable
                                                                                                                        transactions that would expose the relevant persons or us to risk of being sanctioned.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            undertaking fails   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            to be performed     undertaking fails
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Whether or     timely, please      to be performed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Is there      not timely     explain the         timely, please
                            Background of        Category of       Party providing                                                                                                                        Time and term        a term for    and strictly   specific reasons    state the plan in
                            undertakings         undertakings      undertakings      Contents of undertakings                                                                                             of undertakings      performance   performed      for the failure     the next step

                            Other undertakings   Non-competition   CRSC Group        On 20 July 2015, CRSC Group issued to us a letter of non-competition undertakings, which is effective in the         Time of undertakings: Yes          Yes            –                   –
                                                 undertaking                         Relevant Period (as defined in the H share prospectus). Pursuant to the letter of non-competition undertakings,      20 July 2015; term: the
                                                                                     CRSC Group has confirmed that, as at the date of the letter of non-competition undertakings, CRSC Group has          letter of undertakings
                                                                                     not engaged in or participated in any form of business activities which, directly or indirectly, compete with the    takes effect from the
                                                                                     Company’s principal businesses. For further details of the letter of non-competition undertakings, please refer to   date of issuance and
                                                                                     the H share prospectus of the Company                                                                                is terminated upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                          the occurrence of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                          following circumstances
                                                                                                                                                                                                          (whichever is earlier):
                                                                                                                                                                                                          CRSC Group is no
                                                                                                                                                                                                          longer the controlling
                                                                                                                                                                                                          shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                                                                                                                                                          CRSC terminates its
                                                                                                                                                                                                          listing (except for the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SECTION VII
                                                                                                                                                                                                          suspension of trading
                                                                                                                                                                                                          of CRSC’s stock for any
                                                                                                                                                                                                          reason)


                     (II)   If the Company has made profit forecasts for its assets or projects and the Reporting Period is still in the profit forecast period,
                            explanation made by the Company in regard to whether the assets or projects have reached the profit forecasts and the reasons
                            thereof


                            □ Reached □ Not reached                         ✓ Not applicable


                     (III) Performance of result-related undertakings and the impact on test of goodwill impairment
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
                            □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable


187
      SECTION VII                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


      II.    APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER RELATED
             PARTIES FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

             □Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


      III.   GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF REGULATIONS

             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      IV.    EXPLANATION OF THE BOARD ON ISSUANCE OF A “NON-STANDARD AUDITING REPORT”
             BY ACCOUNTING FIRMS

             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      V.     THE COMPANY’S ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION ON THE REASONS FOR AND IMPACTS OF
             CHANGES OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES OR CORRECTION OF
             SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ERRORS

             (I)    The Company ’ s analysis and explanation on the reasons for and impacts of changes of
                    accounting policies and accounting estimates


                    ✓Applicable    □ Not applicable


                    For details, please refer to Section XI Financial Report – V.(XXXVI) Changes in significant accounting
                    policies and estimates.


             (II)   The Company’s analysis and explanation on the reasons for and impacts of corrections of
                    significant accounting errors


                    □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


             (III) Communication with the former accounting firm

                    □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


             (IV) Other explanations

                    □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




188   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    SECTION VII                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


VI.   APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM

                                                                                     Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Appointed currently


      Name of the domestic accounting firm                                                  BDO China SHU LUN PAN
                                                                                                          Certified Public
                                                                                                      Accountants LLP
      Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm (review of annual report)                                          498
      Service year limit of the domestic accounting firm                                                           1 year
      Name of certified public accountant of the domestic accounting firm                   GUO Jian, WANG Xiaoyan
      Service year limit of certified public accountant of the domestic accounting firm                            1 year

                                               Name                                                       Remuneration


      Internal control audit accounting firm   BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified                                         30
                                                  Public Accountants LLP
      Sponsor                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited                          –

      Explanation on appointment and removal of accounting firms

      ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


      The Company engaged Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP (安永華明會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥)) and Baker Tilly
      China Certified Public Accountants LLP (天職國際會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥)) as its domestic auditors in
      2020 and 2021. On 10 June 2022, after consideration and approval by the Company’s general meeting, it was
      agreed to appoint BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor for the interim
      review, annual audit of financial statements and internal control of 2022 for a term of one year, with a total audit
      fee of RMB6.36 million, including internal control audit fees of RMB300,000.


      Except as disclosed above, there were no other changes in the Company’s auditors in the past three years
      (including the Reporting Period).

      Explanation on change in the accounting firms during the auditing period

      □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   189
      SECTION VII                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


      VII. EXPOSURE TO DELISTING

            (I)    The reasons for warning of delisting


                   □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


            (II)   The countermeasures to be adopted by the Company


                   □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


            (III) Exposure to termination of listing and reasons therefor


                   □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


      VIII. EVENTS REGARDING BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      IX.   MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

            □ The Company was involved in material litigation or arbitration in the year.


            ✓ The Company was not involved in material litigation or arbitration in the year.


      X.    PUNISHMENTS AND RECTIFICATIONS INVOLVED BY THE LISTED COMPANY, ITS
            DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND
            ACTUAL CONTROLLER FOR VIOLATION OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      XI.   EXPLANATION ON CREDIBILITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
            AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




190   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 SECTION VII           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


XII. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (I)    The related party transactions in relation to the ordinary operations


          1.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in
               subsequent implementation


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


          2.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or change in subsequent
               implementation


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


          3.   Events not disclosed in temporary announcements


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


   (II)   Related party transactions arising from acquisition or disposal of assets or equity interests


          1.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in
               subsequent implementation


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


          2.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or change in subsequent
               implementation


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


          3.   Events not disclosed in the temporary announcements


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


          4.   Where an agreement on performance is involved, the performance achievements during the
               Reporting Period shall be disclosed


               □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   191
      SECTION VII                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


           (III) Significant related party transactions on the joint external investment

                 1.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in
                       subsequent implementation

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                 2.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or change in subsequent
                       implementation

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                 3.    Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

           (IV) Claims and liabilities between related parties

                 1.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in
                       subsequent implementation

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                 2.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or change in subsequent
                       implementation

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                 3.    Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

           (V)   Financial business between the Company and the related financial company or between the
                 financial company controlled by the Company and the related parties

                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                 1.    Deposit business

                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                   Amount incurred during
                                                                                                                          the period
                                                                                                                        Total        Total
                                                                                                                   deposited withdrawal
                                                                           Maximum            Interest                amount       amount
                                                 Related party             daily limit     rate range    Opening       during       during   Closing
                       Related party             relationship             of deposits      of deposit    balance   the period the period     balance

                       China Railway Signal      The controlling
                          and Communication        shareholder of the
                          (Group) Corporation      Company and its
                          Limited (中國鐵路通           subsidiaries
                          信信號集團有限公司)
                          and its subsidiaries                          6,000,000,000    0.35%-2.31%           –           –            –         –
                       Total                     /                                   /              /          –           –            –         –


192   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                            SECTION VII                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


    2.   Loan business
         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                        Amount incurred during
                                                                                                                                the period
                                                                                                                             Total           Total
                                                                                                                              loan repayment
                                                                                            Interest                       amount          amount
                                     Related party                                       rate range       Opening           during          during      Closing
         Related party               relationship                   Loan limit               of loan      balance       the period      the period      balance

         China Railway Signal and   The controlling
            Communication (Group)      shareholder of the
            Corporation Limited (中國    Company and its
            鐵路通信信號集團有限公                subsidiaries
            司) and its subsidiaries                               100,000,000         3.75%-4.75%                 –              –               –            –
         Total                      /                                        /                   /                –              –               –            –

    3.   Credit or other financial business

         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                       Total     Actual amount
         Related party                               Related party relationship       Type of business                               amount            incurred

         China Railway Signal and Communication The controlling shareholder           Other financial services (including        10,000,000                   –
            (Group) Corporation Limited (中國        of the Company and its                but not limited to the provision
            鐵路通信信號集團有限公司) and its                  subsidiaries                          of advisory, agency, settlement,
            subsidiaries                                                                 transfer, settlement and sale of
                                                                                         foreign exchange, investment,
                                                                                         letter of credit, online banking,
                                                                                         entrusted loan, underwriting, etc.)

         For the details of the Financial Services Framework Agreement, please refer to “Non-exempt
         continuing connected transactions” in the subsection headed “(VI) Others” below.

(VI) Others

    ✓ Applicable         □Not applicable

    1.   EXEMPT CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

         The following continuing connected transactions of the Group have been entered into on normal
         commercial terms. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
         such continuing connected transactions are exempt from the requirements of reporting, annual
         review, announcement and approval by independent shareholders under Chapter 14A of the Listing
         Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

         Domain Name Usage Licensing Agreement between CRSC Group and the Company

                                                                                                                                          Pricing principle
         Connected               Connected                     Category of                    Contents of                                 for connected
         Transaction Party       Relationship                  Connected Transaction          Connected Transaction                       transactions

         CRSC Group              Controlling shareholder       Obtaining license to           Obtaining license to use domain name        Free
                                                                use domain name                “crsc.cn”, “crsc.com.cn” and
                                                                                               “crsc.中國”


                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022        193
      SECTION VII                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       Description of connected transactions: The aforesaid transaction represented the performance of
                       the Domain Name Usage Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company and CRSC
                       Group on 19 July 2015 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for ten years and the
                       transaction is within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and
                       is reviewed and approved by the Board. Meanwhile, the transaction shall be exempted from the
                       requirements of reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
                       as it conforms to the minimum exemption level required by the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
                       Stock Exchange.

                       Investment Service Agreement between CRSC CASCO and ALSTOM IC

                                                                                                                                  Pricing principle
                       Connected           Connected                Category of           Contents of                             for connected
                       Transaction Party   Relationship             Connected Transaction Connected Transaction                   transactions

                       ALSTOM IC           Substantial shareholder Receiving services      Receiving supportive services          Pricing through
                                             of a non-wholly-owned                                                                  Agreement
                                             subsidiary

                       Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transaction represented the performance of the
                       Service Agreement entered into by CRSC CASCO (a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
                       and ALSTOM IC on 27 April 2015 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid during
                       the operation period of CRSC CASCO. The transaction and the aggregate transaction amount
                       involved is within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and is
                       considered and approved by the Board. Meanwhile, the transaction also meets the minimum level
                       of exemption required under the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and is exempt
                       from the requirements of reporting, annual review, announcement and approval by independent
                       shareholders.

                       U888 Technology Transfer Framework Agreement between CRSC CASCO and ALSTOM
                       Transport S.A.

                                                                                                                                  Pricing principle
                       Connected           Connected                Category of           Contents of                             for connected
                       Transaction Party   Relationship             Connected Transaction Connected Transaction                   transactions

                       ALSTOM Transport    A company indirectly      Licensed technology   Accepting the transfer of U888-related Pricing through
                         S.A.                controlled by the         usage                 technology for the application         negotiation
                                             substantial shareholder                         of URBALIS888 solutions and
                                             of a non-wholly-owned                           manufacture and sales of UNIVIC
                                             subsidiary                                      and 2003Platform

                       Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transaction represented the performance of
                       the U888 Technology Transfer Framework Agreement entered into between CRSC CASCO (a
                       non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and ALSTOM Transport S.A. on 10 September
                       2008 during the Reporting Period. The Agreement is valid until 4 March 2023. The transaction and
                       the aggregate transaction amount involved is within the decision-making authority of the Board of
                       Directors of the Company and is deliberated and approved by the Board of Directors. Meanwhile,
                       the transaction shall be exempted from the requirements of reporting, annual review, announcement
                       and independent shareholders’ approval as it conforms to the minimum exemption level required by
                       the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



194   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION VII            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


2.   NON-EXEMPT CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS


     The following continuing connected transactions of the Group have been entered into on normal
     commercial terms. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, such continuing
     connected transactions are subject to the requirements of reporting, annual review, announcement
     and (as the case may be) independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.


     Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement between the Company and CRSC Group


     The Company entered into the New CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement
     with CRSC Group on 25 March 2020 (after trading hours). The New CRSC Corporation Group
     Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement shall be effective from 1 January 2020 to 31
     December 2022 for a term of three years.


     Principal terms:


     (1)   Pricing policy (see below);


     (2)   Except for public tender, both parties must confirm the demand plan for the next year or the
           demand adjustment plan of the current year on a stipulated date of each year;


     (3)   The Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates must enter into specific agreements
           to stipulate specific terms and conditions, including specific content of products, quality
           standards and payment methods, in respect of the relevant products under the New CRSC
           Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement; and


     (4)   The New CRSC Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement shall be
           effective from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022, and may be renewed with mutual
           consent after negotiation.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   195
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       Pricing policy:


                       The pricing of the products purchased by the Group from CRSC Group and/or its associates
                       under the New CRSC Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement will be
                       determined based on a cost-plus method by adding reasonable profit, with reference to average
                       level in the industry, over reasonable costs including purchasing costs of materials, labour costs,
                       manufacturing costs, management costs, transportation and packaging costs incurred. The net
                       profit margin ranges from approximately 10% to 15%. To ensure that the pricing of the products
                       provided by CRSC Group will be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent
                       third parties, our Group will collect and review quotes offered by at least two other independent third
                       parties for products of the same type or similar quality for comparison.


                       The pricing of products provided by the Group to CRSC Group and/or its associates under the
                       New CRSC Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement will be by reference
                       to and subject to the contractual terms agreed between CRSC Group and/or its associates and the
                       contractual party of the overseas project. CRSC Group will purchase products from the Group at the
                       price agreed between itself and the contractual party of the overseas project and supply the same
                       to the contractual party of the overseas project without making any profit. The overseas project is
                       expected to be completed in 2022.


                       As at the date on which the New CRSC Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework
                       Agreement was signed, CRSC Group holds 62.37% of the issued share capital of the Company
                       and is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore, CRSC Group is a connected person
                       of the Company. CRSC Group and its associates constitute connected persons of the Group
                       according to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the continuing
                       transactions carried out between the Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates under the New
                       CRSC Corporation Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement constitute the continuing
                       connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




196   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   SECTION VII                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                                                                                                  Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan           Currency: RMB


Connected                               Category of                                         Pricing Principle           Amount of      Connected
Transaction       Connected             Connected       Contents of Connected               for Connected               Connected     Transaction
Party             Relationship          Transaction     Transaction                         Transactions              Transactions           Caps


CRSC Group        Controlling           Selling goods   Selling, among others, raw          Determined on the                76.88        2,000.00
                     Shareholder(s)                        materials, excipients,              basis of market
                                                           accessories, components and         price and by
                                                           parts, packaging materials,         reference to the
                                                           semi-finished products,             price agreed
                                                           finished products, commodities      between the
                                                           and related products                contractual parties
                                                                                               of the Overseas
                                                                                               Project


CRSC Group        Controlling           Purchasing      Purchasing, among others,           Determined on the             3,638.61       14,000.00
                     Shareholder(s)        goods           raw materials, excipients,          basis of market
                                                           accessories, components and         price, together with
                                                           parts, packaging materials,         costs and various
                                                           semi-finished products,             factors
                                                           finished products, commodities
                                                           and related products


Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transaction was the performance of the new purchases and sales framework agreement entered into
between the Company and CRSC Group on 25 March 2020 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for three years. The transaction and
the total transaction amount involved were within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been considered and
approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and was exempted from the
approval by independent shareholders.


General Services Framework Agreement between CRSC Group and the Company


The Company entered into the New General Services Framework Agreement with CRSC Group on
25 March 2020 (after trading hours). The New General Services Framework Agreement shall be
effective from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022 for a term of three years.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022           197
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       Principal terms:


                       (1)   Pricing policy (see below):


                       (2)   Except for public tender, both parties must confirm the demand schedule for the next year or
                             the demand adjustment schedule of the current year on a stipulated date each year;


                       (3)   The Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates must enter into specific agreements to
                             stipulate specific terms and conditions, including specific scope of ancillary services, service
                             methods and payment methods, in respect of the relevant products under the New General
                             Services Framework Agreement; and


                       (4)   The New General Services Framework Agreement shall be effective from 1 January 2020 to
                             31 December 2022 and may be renewed with mutual consent after negotiation.


                       Pricing policy:


                       The logistics service fees provided by CRSC Group and/or its associates will be determined on the
                       basis of service costs without making any profit in order to ensure that the service fees are fair and
                       reasonable or more favourable to the Group than that obtained from an independent third party.


                       As at the date on which the New General Services Framework Agreement was signed, CRSC
                       Group holds 62.37% of the issued share capital of the Company and is the controlling shareholder
                       of the Company. Therefore, CRSC Group is a connected person of the Company. CRSC Group
                       and its associates constitute connected persons of the Group according to the requirements under
                       Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the continuing transactions carried out between
                       the Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates under the New General Services Framework
                       Agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of
                       the Listing Rules.




198   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 SECTION VII                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                                                                                                 Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan           Currency: RMB


Connected                                  Category of                                      Pricing Principles        Amount of        Connected
Transactions           Connected Party Connected              Contents of Connected         for Connected             Connected       Transaction
Counterparties         Relationship        Transactions       Transaction                   Transactions            Transactions             Caps


CRSC Group             Controlling         Receiving          General services including    Determined on the              890.92         5,000.00
                          shareholder(s)      services           logistics services            basis of service
                                                                                               costs


Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transactions was the performance of the New General Services Framework Agreement entered into
between the Company and CRSC Group on 25 March 2020 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for three years. The transaction and
the total transaction amount involved were within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been considered and
approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and was exempted from the
approval by independent shareholders.


Construction Contracting Framework Agreement between the Company and CRSC Group


The Company entered into the New Construction Contracting Framework Agreement with CRSC
Group on 25 March 2020 (after trading hours). The New Construction Contracting Framework
Agreement shall be effective from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022 for a term of three years.


Principal terms:


(1)     Pricing policy (see below);


(2)     Except for public tender, both parties must confirm the service demand schedule for the next
        year or the service demand adjustment schedule of the current year on a stipulated date of
        each year;


(3)     The Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates must enter into specific agreements to
        stipulate specific terms and conditions, including specific scope of engineering construction
        and ancillary services, service methods and payment methods, in respect of the engineering
        construction and ancillary services under the New Construction Contracting Framework
        Agreement; and


(4)     The New Construction Contracting Framework Agreement shall be effective from 1 January
        2020 to 31 December 2022 and may be renewed with mutual consent after negotiation.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022            199
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       Pricing policy:


                       Pursuant to the New Construction Contracting Framework Agreement, the service fees for providing
                       engineering construction and ancillary services to CRSC Group and/or its associates will be
                       determined after arm’s length negotiations with CRSC Group and/or its associates with reference
                       to following major factors: (1) availability and cost of raw materials and equipment and machinery,
                       labor, and subcontractors; (2) local guidance prices for the various raw materials and other
                       construction costs provided by the Housing and Urban-Rural Development Bureaus; (3) project
                       progress plans, complexity and scale of the construction project, and the potential adjustment of the
                       scope of work; (4) the geographical location and environmental conditions of the project; and (5) for
                       competitive bidding, assessment and analysis of the relevant functional departments of the Group
                       based on relevant information of the competitors and specific project demand and the impact of the
                       project on the Company’s macro strategy. In order to ensure that the service fees charged by the
                       Group for the provision of engineering contracting services are fair and reasonable and in line with
                       the prevailing market prices, the Group will keep abreast of the current market rates and market
                       conditions, and review the pricing through an independent third-party consulting agency. In addition,
                       the Group will also refer to the fees previously charged for providing similar engineering contracting
                       services to independent third-party customers.


                       As at the date on which the New Construction Contracting Framework Agreement was signed,
                       CRSC Group holds 62.37% of the issued share capital of the Company and is the controlling
                       shareholder of the Company. Therefore, CRSC Group is a connected person of the Company.
                       CRSC Group and its associates constitute connected persons of the Group according to the
                       requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the continuing transactions
                       carried out between the Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates under the New Construction
                       Contracting Framework Agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of the
                       Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




200   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    SECTION VII                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                                                                                                  Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan           Currency: RMB


Connected                               Category of                                      Pricing Principles             Amount of      Connected
Transactions       Connected Party Connected              Contents of Connected          for Connected                  Connected     Transaction
Counterparties     Relationship         Transactions      Transaction                    Transactions                 Transactions           Caps


CRSC Group         Controlling          Providing         Providing, among others,       Third-party construction        12,791.08       55,000.00
                      shareholder(s)       Services          project construction           cost consulting
                                                             and ancillary services,        agency reviews the
                                                             including but not limited      charged fee in light of
                                                             to project design and          the market conditions
                                                             general contracting of         and refer to the fees
                                                             construction                   for providing services
                                                                                            to third-party


Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transactions was the performance of the construction contracting framework agreement entered into
between the Company and CRSC Group on 25 March 2020 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for three years. The transaction and
the total transaction amount involved were within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been considered and
approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and was exempted from the
approval by independent shareholders.


Financial Services Framework Agreement between Finance Company and CRSC Group


CRSC Group Finance Limited (通號集團財務有限公司, “Finance Company”), a subsidiary of the
Company, entered into the Financial Services Framework Agreement with CRSC Group on 28
October 2022 (after trading hours). The Financial Services Framework Agreement is effective from
28 October 2022 to 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022           201
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       Principal terms:


                       (1)   Finance Company provides deposit services to CRSC Group in the form of demand deposits,
                             time deposits, call deposits, agreement deposits, etc. If Finance Company fails to repay
                             the deposit to CRSC Group in full and on time, CRSC Group has the right to terminate the
                             agreement and offset the deposit payable by Finance Company to CRSC Group against
                             the loans made by CRSC Group to Finance Company in accordance with the laws and
                             regulations of China;


                       (2)   Finance Company provides credit services to CRSC Group, including loans, bill discounting,
                             buyer’s credit, accounts receivable factoring, various types of guarantees, acceptance of
                             bills, etc. If CRSC Group fails to repay Finance Company in full and on time for the debts
                             arising from the abovementioned credit services business, Finance Company has the right
                             to terminate the Agreement and offset the debts due to Finance Company by CRSC Group
                             against CRSC Group’s deposits with Finance Company in accordance with the laws and
                             regulations of China; and


                       (3)   Finance Company provides other financial services to CRSC Group (including but not limited
                             to the provision of advisory, agency, settlement, transfer, settlement and sale of foreign
                             exchange, investment, letter of credit, online banking, entrusted loan, underwriting, etc.) and
                             charges CRSC Group for the services. Subject to compliance with the Agreement, the parties
                             shall enter into specific agreements for the provision of the relevant specific financial services
                             to agree on the specific terms of the transaction.


                       Pricing policy:


                       (1)   For deposit services, the interest rate for deposits offered by Finance Company to CRSC
                             Group shall be determined with reference to the benchmark interest rate for the same period
                             promulgated by the People’s Bank of China for the same type of deposits, and shall not be
                             higher than the interest rate for the same period determined by banking financial institutions in
                             the PRC for the same type of deposits taken by CRSC Group or equivalent third parties;


                       (2)   For credit services, the interest rate or fee rate for the credit service provided by Finance
                             Company to CRSC Group shall be determined with reference to the benchmark interest rate
                             or fee rate for the same period promulgated by the People’s Bank of China for the same
                             type of business, and shall be no less than the interest rate or fee rate for the same period
                             determined by banking financial institutions in the PRC for the same type of credit business to
                             CRSC Group or equivalent third parties; and




202   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


(3)   For other financial services, the service fees charged by Finance Company to CRSC Group
      shall comply with the relevant regulations of the People’s Bank of China or the China Banking
      and Insurance Regulatory Commission where such standards have been stipulated for the
      relevant types of services, and shall be determined with reference to the fees charged by
      major commercial banks in the PRC for similar financial services.


As at the date on which the Financial Services Framework Agreement was signed, (i) Finance
Company is a subsidiary of the Company as the Company holds 95% of the equity interest in
Finance Company; and (ii) CRSC Group is a connected person of the Company as CRSC Group
holds 62.69% of the issued share capital of the Company and is the controlling shareholder of
the Company. Therefore, the continuing transactions under the Financial Services Framework
Agreement between Finance Company and CRSC Group constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


For the deposit services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement, as it constitutes
financial assistance provided by connected persons for the benefits of the Group, and such deposit
services are entered into on normal or better commercial terms and it is not secured by the assets
of the Group, the continuing connected transactions for deposit services under the Financial
Services Framework Agreement are exempt from reporting, annual review, announcement and
independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules pursuant
to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules.


For the credit services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement, calculated in
accordance with the Listing Rules, as the highest applicable percentage ratio of the proposed
annual caps is higher than 0.1% but lower than 5%, the continuing connected transactions for the
credit services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement are therefore subject to the
reporting, annual review and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
but are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   203
      SECTION VII                       SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                       For other financial services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement, calculated in
                       accordance with the Listing Rules, as each of the applicable percentage ratio of the proposed
                       annual caps is lower than or is expected to be lower than the minimum exemption level required
                       by Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, the continuing connected transactions for other financial
                       services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement are exempt from the reporting, annual
                       review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
                       the Listing Rules.


                                                                                                                 Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan            Currency: RMB


                       Connected                            Category of          Contents of        Pricing Principles                   Amount of    Connected
                       Transactions      Connected Party    Connected            Connected          for Connected                        Connected    Transaction
                       Counterparties    Relationship       Transactions         Transaction        Transactions                       Transactions         Caps


                       CRSC Group        Controlling        Providing Services   Providing credit   Determined with reference to                 0         10,000
                                           shareholder(s)                          services           the benchmark interest rate or
                                                                                                      fee rate for the same period
                                                                                                      promulgated by the People’s
                                                                                                      Bank of China for the same
                                                                                                      type of business


                       Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transaction was the performance of the
                       Financial Services Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and CRSC Group
                       on 28 October 2022 during the Reporting Period. The agreement is effective from 28 October
                       2022 to 30 June 2023. The transaction and the total transaction amount involved were within the
                       decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been considered and
                       approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level under the
                       Hong Kong Listing Rules and was exempted from the approval by independent shareholders.


                       Confirmation by Independent Non-executive Directors


                       The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the aforesaid continuing
                       connected transactions and have confirmed that the Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement,
                       the General Services Framework Agreement and the Construction Contracting Framework
                       Agreement have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of the Group’s business; on
                       normal commercial or better terms; on conditions no less favourable to the Company than those
                       available to or from (as the case may be) independent third parties, if it was not practical to make
                       such judgement based on comparable transactions as to whether such transactions have been
                       carried out on normal commercial terms; and in accordance with relevant agreements whose terms
                       are fair and reasonable and in the interest of the shareholders of the Company as a whole. Although
                       the Financial Services Framework Agreement is not in the ordinary and usual course of business of
                       the Company, the terms of the Financial Services Framework Agreement are fair and reasonable
                       and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.



204   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


Auditor’s Letter


In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged
its auditor, BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP (“BDO”), to report on the
Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Assurance
Engagements 3000 “Assurance Business Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accounts. Based
on its work, BDO has provided the Board with a letter confirming that, with respect to the aforesaid
continuing connected transactions:


(a)   nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the aforesaid continuing
      connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


(b)   in relation to the transactions involving products and services supplied by the Group, nothing
      has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions have not followed
      the Group’s pricing policy in any material aspect;


(c)   nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions have not
      been carried out in any material aspect in accordance with the relevant agreements;


(d)   in relation to the aggregate amounts for each of the aforesaid continuing connected
      transactions, nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the actual
      transaction amount of any of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions has not
      exceeded the cap determined by the Company for the year.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   205
      SECTION VII                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


      XIII. MAJOR CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE

           (I)    Trusteeship, Contracting and Leasing Matters


                  1.      Trusteeship


                          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  2.      Contracting


                          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  2.      Leasing


                          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (II)   Guarantees


                  ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                  External guarantees provided by the Company
                                             (excluding guarantees provided for its subsidiaries)


                  Total balance of guarantee provided during the Reporting                                          –
                       Period (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)


                  Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the Reporting                                         –
                       Period (A) (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)


                                Guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to its subsidiaries


                  Total guarantee to its subsidiaries incurred during the                            3,410,044,981.60
                       Reporting Period


                  Total balance of guarantee to subsidiaries as at the end of                        4,535,197,167.73
                       the Reporting Period (B)




206   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION VII               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


          Aggregate guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)


Aggregate guarantee (A+B)                                                              4,535,197,167.73


Percentage of aggregate guarantee to net assets of                                                  10.01
  the Company (%)


Representing:


Amount of guarantee provided for shareholders,                                                             –
  actual controller and their related parties (C)


Amount of debts guarantee directly or indirectly provided to                           3,501,080,044.13
  guaranteed parties with gearing ratio over 70% (D)


Excess amount of aggregate guarantee over 50% of                                                          –-
  net assets (E)


Aggregate amount of the above three categories (C+D+E)                                 3,501,080,044.13


Statement on the contingent joint and several liability                                                    –
  in connection with unexpired guarantee


Statement on guarantee                                         Percentage of the total guarantee amount
                                                               to net assets of the Company = guarantee
                                                               amount/equity attributable to owners of
                                                               the parent company. As at the end of 31
                                                               December 2022, the balance of guarantee
                                                               amounted to RMB4,535 million, accounting
                                                               for 10.01% of the Company’s net assets,
                                                               of which, the balance of guarantees for
                                                               wholly-owned subsidiaries was RMB4,535
                                                               million; the balance of guarantees for
                                                               controlling subsidiaries was RMB0
                                                               million. The Company did not provide
                                                               any guarantee for any of its controlling
                                                               shareholders, actual controllers or related
                                                               parties. As at the end of the Reporting
                                                               Period, the balance of guarantee provided
                                                               by the Company for its subsidiaries with
                                                               an asset-liability ratio of more than 70%
                                                               amounted to RMB3,501 million.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    207
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


           (III) Entrusted Cash Asset Management


                 1.    Entrusted wealth management


                       (1)   Overview picture about entrusted wealth management


                             ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                       Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                             Source of                     Outstanding         Overdue
                             Type                            funds              Balance         balance        amount


                             Cash management                 Idle proceeds      270,000         270,000               0
                               products of bank


                             The Company purchased the certificates of large-amount deposits of RMB2,450 million and
                             RMB250 million from the Qinghuayuan Sub-branch of China Everbright Bank Company
                             Limited and the Beijing Branch of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. for principal- and revenue-
                             guaranteed cash management. For details, please refer to (IV) Other circumstances of use
                             of proceeds during the Reporting Period of XIV. EXPLANATION ON PROCESS IN USE OF
                             PROCEEDS in this section.


                             Other information


                             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       (2)   Individual entrusted wealth management


                             □ Applicable    ✓Not applicable


                             Other information


                             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       (3)   Provision for impairment of entrusted wealth management


                             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




208   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION VII   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


     2.   Entrusted loans


    (1)   Overall picture about entrusted loans


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


          Other information


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


    (2)   Individual entrusted loan


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


          Other information


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


    (3)   Provision for impairment of entrusted loans


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


     3.   Other information


          □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


(IV) Other Material Contracts


     □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                     Annual Report 2022   209
210


                                                           XIV. EXPLANATION ON PROCESS IN USE OF PROCEEDS

                                                              ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                              (I)   Overall Use of Proceeds
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SECTION VII
                                                                    ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan


                                                                                                                                                                                     Accumulated          Process of
                                                                                                                                                                                       investment       accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                Total promised      amount out of    investment as of                        Proportion of
                                                                                                                          Net proceeds      Total promised          investment     proceeds as of      the end of the                       the investment
                                                                                                                        after deduction         investment      amounts out of      the end of the         Reporting         Investment        amount for
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                           of issuance        amounts out       proceeds after          Reporting         Period (%)         amount for       the year (%)
                                                                    Source of Proceeds              Total proceeds           expenses          of proceeds     adjustments (1)          Period (2)        (3) = (2)/(1)      the year (4)        (5)=(4)/(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
                                                                    The initial public offering   10,530,000,000.00   10,354,342,373.23   10,354,342,373.23   10,354,342,373.23   4,425,178,221.81              42.74     779,554,691.54               7.53
                                 (II)        Details of the investment project


                                             ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Whether
                                                                                                                          Accumulated               Date of             Whether                                                                          feasibility of
                                                                Total promised                           Accumulated investment as which projects                       process of                                                                       projects changes
                                        Whether                     investment     Total proceeds investment amount of the end of the              reached              investment                                                                       significantly,
                                        the change Proceeds     amounts out of   investment after as of the end of the Report Period (%)          expected    Closed or is in line with Specific reasons for process   Efficiency achieved or R&D        if yes, please   Amount of savings
                     Project name       is involved source    project proceeds    adjustments (1)    Report Period (2)       (3) = (2)/(1) available status   not       plan process of investment not achieved        results of this project           specify          and reasons

                     Advanced           No         IPO        4,600,000,000.00 4,600,000,000.00       1,407,045,893.81             30.59              2023    No          Yes            –                             Completed the pilot application of No              Not applicable
                     and intelligent                                                                                                                                                                                   the regional coordinative
                     technology                                                                                                                                                                                        transportation service system in
                     research and                                                                                                                                                                                      Chongqing, a dynamic test for
                     development                                                                                                                                                                                       ground equipment of ETCS train
                     projects                                                                                                                                                                                          control system based on baseline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       3 in Belgrade – Novi Sad section of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Hungary-Serbia Railway; completed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       the pilot application of the railway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SECTION VII
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       comprehensive dispatching
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       information system in Baoshen line
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       and Shenshuo line of Shenhua
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Railway, on-site verification of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       various key technologies for the new
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       train control system based on Beidou
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       satellite positioning technology and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       the CBTC system based on full-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       electronic interlock system that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       achieved the first delivery of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       extension project of Changchun
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Subway Line 3, etc.

Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


211
212


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Whether
                                                                                                                                                                Accumulated               Date of             Whether                                                                              feasibility of
                                                                                                      Total promised                           Accumulated investment as which projects                       process of                                                                           projects changes
                                                                              Whether                     investment     Total proceeds investment amount of the end of the              reached              investment                                                                           significantly,
                                                                              the change Proceeds     amounts out of   investment after as of the end of the Report Period (%)          expected    Closed or is in line with Specific reasons for process            Efficiency achieved or R&D   if yes, please   Amount of savings
                                                           Project name       is involved source    project proceeds    adjustments (1)    Report Period (2)       (3) = (2)/(1) available status   not       plan process of investment not achieved                 results of this project      specify          and reasons         SECTION VII
                                                           Advanced           No         IPO        2,500,000,000.00 2,500,000,000.00                   0.00                 0                 –    No          No             The implementation conditions           Not applicable              No               Not applicable
                                                           and intelligent                                                                                                                                                     of the advanced and intelligent
                                                           manufacturing                                                                                                                                                       manufacturing base project have
                                                           base project                                                                                                                                                        changed, and the implementation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               progress was delayed. At present,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the subsidiary responsible for the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               implementation of the project has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               submitted the feasibility study report,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               on which the Company is studying.
                                                           Information        No         IPO          300,000,000.00    300,000,000.00         38,132,328.00             12.71              2022    No          Yes            The information construction project Not applicable                 No               Not applicable
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           construction                                                                                                                                                        was not progressed as expected
                                                           project                                                                                                                                                             due to the external environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               but the implementation conditions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               and feasibility of the project has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               not changed significantly, and the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Company will actively advance its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               implementation.
                                                           Supplement         No         IPO        2,954,342,373.23 2,954,342,373.23       2,980,000,000.00               100                 –    No          Yes            –                                       Not applicable              No               Not applicable
                                                           liquidity

                                                           Note 1:           A total of RMB2,036.43 million was invested in advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects as at the end of the Reporting Period, of which
                                                                             RMB1,511.03 million was invested in research on advanced rail transit control systems and key technologies, and RMB140.27 million was invested in research on
                                                                             intelligent integrated operation and maintenance systems and technologies for rail transit, RMB289.40 million was invested in smart city and industry communication
                                                                             information system research, RMB11.17 million was invested in chip technology applicable to rail transit, and RMB84.56 million was invested in rail transit intelligent
                                                                             construction technology research.


                                                           Note 2:           As of 31 December 2022, in the comparison table for the use of raised funds, the actual supplement working capital project investment amount was
                                                                             RMB2,995,934,028.20, including the total initial committed investment of RMB2,954,342,373.23 and current interest of RMB415,916,549,700 in the corresponding
                                                                             special bank account.
                                            SECTION VII             SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


(III) Changes in investment during the Reporting Period


     □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


(IV) Other circumstances of use of proceeds during the Reporting Period


     1.   Initial investment and replacement of projects with proceeds


          □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


     2.   Temporarily supplement working capital with idle proceeds


          □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


     3.   Cash management against idle proceeds to invest in relevant products


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          At the 8th meeting of the fourth session of the Board of Directors, the 4th meeting of the fourth
          session of the supervisory committee held on 8 August 2022, the Resolution on Utilizing Unused
          Raised Funds for Cash Management (                     ) was
                                           《關於使用暫時閑置募集資金進行現金管理的議案》
          considered and approved by the Company, approving the Company’s utilization of unused proceeds
          of no more than RMB2.7 billion (inclusive) for cash management, provided that the progress on
          investment plans which use the proceeds, the Company’s production and operation and the security
          of the proceeds would not be affected, and for purchasing investment products with high security,
          good liquidity and guaranteed principal (including but not limited to structured deposits, time
          deposits and large deposit certificate) for a term of not exceeding 12 months. As of 31 December
          2022, CRSC’s cash management of proceeds is detailed in the table below.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   213
      SECTION VII                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


                                                                                                                            Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan      Currency: RMB


                       No.     Trustee                     Product type          Approved        Actual             Term           Balance       Interest    Remarks
                                                                                investment   investment                              as of         as of
                                                                                   amount       amount                         31 December   31 December
                                                                                                                                      2022          2022
                       1       China Everbright Bank       Structured deposit      245,000      245,000 September 2019 –                 –         2,331    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited                                                           December 2019
                                 Qinghuayuan Sub-branch
                       2       China Everbright Bank       Large deposit           245,000      245,000   December 2019 –                –         6,901    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited           certificate                                        August 2020
                                 Qinghuayuan Sub-branch
                       3       China Merchants Bank Co., Large deposit              25,000       25,000     August 2019 –                –           950    Redeemed
                                 Ltd. Beijing Branch       certificate                                        August 2020
                       4       China Merchants Bank Co., Large deposit              25,000       25,000 September 2020 –                 –         1,891    Redeemed
                                 Ltd. Beijing Branch       certificate                                     September 2022
                       5       China Merchants Bank Co., Seven-day notice           25,000       25,000 September 2022 –            25,000                  Redeemed
                                 Ltd. Beijing Branch       deposit                                          redemption on                                   upon expiry
                                                                                                                  demand
                       6       China Everbright Bank       Large deposit           170,000      170,000 September 2020 –                 –        14,733    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited           certificate                                     December 2022
                                 Qinghuayuan Sub-branch
                       7       China Everbright Bank       Large deposit            75,000       75,000 September 2020 –                 –         6,500    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited           certificate                                     December 2022
                                 Qinghuayuan Sub-branch
                       8       China Everbright Bank       Large deposit           195,000      195,000   December 2022 –          195,000             –    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited Beijing certificate                                        redemption on                                   upon expiry
                                 Chaonei Sub-branch                                                               demand
                       9       China Everbright Bank       Large deposit            50,000       50,000   December 2022 –           50,000             –    Redeemed
                                 Company Limited Beijing certificate                                        redemption on                                   upon expiry
                                 Chaonei Sub-branch                                                               demand
                       Total     /                         /                             /            /                 /          270,000        33,306              /




214   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


        4.    Permanently supplement liquidity with over-raised proceeds or repay bank loans


              □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


        5.    Others


              □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


XV. TAX AND TAX REDUCTION AND EXEMPTION

   Cash dividend income tax applicable to overseas shareholders


   Withholding and Payment of EIT on behalf of Overseas Non-Resident Enterprise Shareholders


   Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China
   (             ) and its implementing rules and the requirements under the Notice on the
   《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》
   Issues Concerning Withholding and Payment of the Enterprise Income Tax on the Dividends Paid by Chinese
   Resident Enterprises to H shareholders Who Are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008]
   No. 897) issued by the State Administration of Taxation (
                                                          《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發
                     (國稅函[2008]897號)), the Company will withhold and pay EIT at
   股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》
   the rate of 10% when it distributes the cash dividend to overseas non-resident enterprise holders of H Shares
   (including any H Shares of the Company registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited, but excluding
   any H Shares of the Company registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and are held by China
   Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder on behalf of investors who
   invest in the H shares of the Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect).


   Withholding and Payment of Individual Income Tax on behalf of Overseas Individual Shareholders


   Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (
                                                                                                           《中
               ) and its implementing rules, the Tax Notice (
   華人民共和國個人所得稅法》                                                ), the Notice of the State
                                                           《稅收通知》
   Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning the Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after
   the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (
                                                                                     《國家稅務總局關
                                    (國稅函[2011]348號)) and other relevant
   於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》
   laws, regulations and requirements under normative documents, the Company will implement the following
   arrangements in relation to the withholding and payment of individual income tax on behalf of the overseas
   individual H shareholders:


   •    For individual H shareholders who are Hong Kong or Macao residents or whose country (region) of
        domicile is a country (region) which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of
        10%, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of these
        individual H shareholders in the distribution of the cash dividend;




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   215
      SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


           •     For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered
                 into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of less than 10%, the Company will temporarily
                 withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of these individual H shareholders in
                 the distribution of the cash dividend. If relevant individual H shareholders would like to apply for a refund
                 of the excess amount of tax withheld and paid, the Company will handle, on their behalf, the applications
                 for tax preferential treatments under relevant tax treaties according to the Tax Notice. Qualified
                 Shareholders please submit in time a letter of entrustment and all application materials as required
                 under the Tax Notice to the Company’s H Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
                 Limited. The Company will then submit the above documents to the competent tax authorities and, after
                 their examination and if and when the documents are approved, the Company will assist in refunding the
                 excess amount of tax withheld and paid;


           •     For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered
                 into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of more than 10% but less than 20%, the Company
                 will withhold and pay individual income tax at the effective tax rate stipulated in the relevant tax treaty on
                 behalf of these individual H shareholders in the distribution of the cash dividend; and


           •     For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered
                 into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of 20%, or a country (region) which has not entered
                 into any tax treaties with the PRC, or under any other circumstances, the Company will withhold and pay
                 individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of these individual H shareholders in the distribution of
                 the cash dividend.


           Cash dividend income tax applicable to shareholders in Mainland China investing in H shares of the
           Company through Southbound Trading Link


           Withholding and Payment of Individual Income Tax on behalf of Domestic Individual Shareholders
           Investing through Southbound Trading Link


           Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
           Connect Pilot Program (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (
                                                         《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通
            (財稅[2014]81號)), for domestic individual shareholders who invest in H Shares of the Company through
           知》
           Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited
           and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the
           Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the distribution of the
           cash dividend. For domestic shareholders who are securities investment funds investing in H Shares of the
           Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC
           Nominees Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee
           shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the
           distribution of the cash dividend.




216   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               SECTION VII                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


   Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
   Connect Pilot Program (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (
                                                  《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通
    (財稅[2016]127號)), for domestic individual shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company through
   知》
   Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited
   and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the
   Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the distribution of
   the cash dividend. For domestic shareholders who are securities investment funds investing in H shares of the
   Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC
   Nominees Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee
   shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the
   distribution of the cash dividend.


   No Withholding or Payment of EIT on behalf of Domestic Enterprise Shareholders Investing through
   Southbound Trading Link


   Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
   Connect Pilot Program (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (
                                                  《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策
      (財稅[2014]81號)), for domestic enterprise shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company
   的通知》
   through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H Shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees
   Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder),
   the Company will not withhold or pay EIT on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend, and the
   domestic enterprise shareholders shall report and pay the relevant taxes payable by themselves. Any dividend
   received in respect of H shares of the Company which have been continuously held by a domestic enterprise
   shareholder for 12 months shall be exempted from EIT.


   Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
   Connect Pilot Program (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (
                                                   《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策
      (財稅[2016]127號)), for domestic enterprise shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company
   的通知》
   through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H Shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees
   Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder),
   the Company will not withhold or pay EIT on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend, and the
   domestic enterprise shareholders shall report and pay the relevant taxes payable by themselves. Any dividend
   received in respect of H shares of the Company which have been continuously held by a domestic enterprise
   shareholder for 12 months shall be exempted from EIT.


   H shareholders of the Company are recommended to consult their own tax advisors on the relevant tax
   impact in China, Hong Kong and other countries (regions) on the possession and disposal of H shares of the
   Company.


XVI. EXPLANATION ON OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON
     THE INVESTORS’ VALUE JUDGMENT AND INVESTMENT DECISIONS

   □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable



                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   217
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
      I.   THE MOVEMENTS IN SHARE CAPITAL

           (I)    Table of Changes in Shares


                  1.   Table of changes in shares


                       There was no change in the total number of shares and equity structure of the Company during the
                       Reporting Period.


                  2.   Explanation on changes in shares


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  3.   The impact of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share, net asset
                       per share for the latest year and the latest period (if any)


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  4.   Other disclosable contents that the Company deemed necessary or were required by securities
                       regulatory authorities


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       On 15 July 2022, CRSC Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has made undertakings
                       to extend the lock-up period of domestic shares (6,604,426,424 shares) held by CRSC upon its
                       initial public offering by 6 months to 21 January 2023. During the extended lock-up period, CRSC
                       Group shall not transfer or entrust others to manage the CRSC’s A shares held by it, nor shall
                       CRSC repurchase such shares. CRSC Group has strictly complied with the above undertakings
                       during the lock-up period and there is no non-fulfilment of the relevant undertakings affecting the
                       listing and circulation of the restricted shares, and such shares have been listed and circulated from
                       30 January 2023.


           (II)   Changes in Shares Subject to Trading Moratorium


                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable




218   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
      SECTION VIII                         CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                                                  SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                              Unit: Share


                                              Number of                                              Number of
                                          shares subject         Number of     Number of new     shares subject
                                               to trading   shares released    shares subject        to trading
                                           moratorium at       from trading        to trading      moratorium     Reason for              Date of release
                                           the beginning       moratorium         moratorium         at the end   the trading             from trading
             Name of Shareholders             of the year       for the year      for the year      of the year   moratorium              moratorium


             China Railway Signal and      6,604,426,424                  0                 0     6,604,426,424   Subject to trading 30 January 2023
               Communication (Group)                                                                                  moratorium
               Corporation Limited                                                                                    under the initial
                                                                                                                      public offering
                                                                                                                      and voluntary
                                                                                                                      commitment
                                                                                                                      to extend the
                                                                                                                      lock-up period
                                                                                                                      for restricted
                                                                                                                      shares
             Total                         6,604,426,424                  0                 0     6,604,426,424   /                       /

II.   SECURITIES ISSUE AND LISTING

      (I)    Issue of Securities as at the Reporting Period


             □ Applicable            ✓ Not applicable


             Explanation on securities issue as at the Reporting Period (for bonds with different interest rates during
             the duration, please specify separately):


             □ Applicable            ✓ Not applicable


      (II)   Changes in the Total Number of Shares and Shareholders Structure of the Company and
             Changes in the Company’s Assets and Liabilities Structure


             □ Applicable            ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022        219
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
      III.   SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS

             (I)   Total Number of Shareholders


                   Total number of ordinary shareholders as at the end of the Reporting Period
                     (account)                                                                               87,875
                   Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the previous month before
                     the disclosure date of the annual report (account)                                      85,628
                   Total number of shareholders of preference shares with restored voting rights
                     as at the end of the Reporting Period (account)                                  Not applicable
                   Total number of shareholders of preference shares with restored voting rights at
                     the end of the previous month before the disclosure date of the annual report
                     (account)                                                                        Not applicable
                   Total number of shareholders holding special voting shares as at the end of
                     the Reporting Period (account)                                                   Not applicable
                   Total number of shareholders holding special voting shares at the end of
                     the previous month before the disclosure date of the annual report (account)     Not applicable


                   Number of depositary receipt holders


                   □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




220   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII                                     CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                                                        SHAREHOLDERS
(II)   Particulars of Shareholdings of the Top Ten Shareholders and the Top Ten Shareholders of
       Tradable Shares (or Shareholders Not Subject to Trading Moratorium) as at the End of the
       Reporting Period


                                                                                                                                                           Unit: share


       Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten shareholders


                                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                                     restricted
                                                      Change of                                    Number of            shares
                                                    shareholding      Number of                   shares held         including
                                                      during the   shares held as                   subject to   lending shares
                                                      Reporting        at the end   Percentage         trading    for securities         Shares pledged,         Nature of
       Name of Shareholder (full name)                    Period    of the period          (%)    moratorium          financing         marked or frozen         shareholder
                                                                                                                                   Status of         Number of
                                                                                                                                   shares              shares


                                                                                                                                   No shares being
       China Railway Signal and Communication                                                                                      pledged, marked               State-owned
         (Group) Corporation LimitedNote 1                    –     6,604,426,424        62.37   6,604,426,424    6,604,426,424    or frozen                – corporation
                                                                                                                                                                 Overseas
       HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED        Note 2
                                                         -13,000    1,967,714,950                           –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation
       China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd -ChinaAMC
         SSE STAR 50 Exchange Traded Fund            +92,256,519     146,146,505          1.38              –                 –    Unknown                  – Other
                                                                                                                                                                 Overseas
       HKSCC Limited                                 +26,931,901     110,043,215          1.04              –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation
       China National Machinery Industry                                                                                                                         State-owned
         Corporation                                          –       63,507,192          0.60              –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation
       Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
         Limited – E Fund SSE STAR 50
         Exchange Traded Fund                        +19,786,146      47,774,555          0.45              –                 –    Unknown                  – Other
                                                                                                                                                                 State-owned
       China Railway Investment Co., Ltd.                     –       34,188,000          0.32              –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation
       Guangdong Hengjian Capital Management                                                                                                                     State-owned
         Co., Ltd.                                            –       23,677,500          0.22              –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation
       CETC Fund Management Co., Ltd.-
         Zhongdian Electronic Information
         Industry Investment Fund (Tianjin)
         Partnership (Limited Partnership)                    –       23,677,500          0.22              –                 –    Unknown                  – Other
                                                                                                                                                                 State-owned
       Hunan Rail Transit Holding Group Co., Ltd.             –       23,677,500          0.22              –                 –    Unknown                  – corporation




                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022              221
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
                 Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten Shareholders not subject to trading moratorium

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                 circulating
                                                                            shares held not
                                                                           subject to trading
                 Name of Shareholder                                            moratorium          Type and number of shares
                                                                                                 Type                   Number

                 HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITEDNote 2                                  1,967,714,950     Overseas listed       1,967,714,950
                                                                                                  foreign shares
                 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd – ChinaAMC SSE                    146,146,505     RMB ordinary            146,146,505
                   STAR 50 Exchange Traded Fund                                                   shares
                 HKSCC Limited                                                   110,043,215     RMB ordinary            110,043,215
                                                                                                  shares
                 China National Machinery Industry Corporation                    63,507,192     RMB ordinary             63,507,192
                                                                                                  shares
                 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited-E                47,774,555     RMB ordinary             47,774,555
                   Fund SSE STAR 50 Exchange Traded Fund                                          shares
                 China Railway Investment Co., Ltd.                               34,188,000     RMB ordinary             34,188,000
                                                                                                  shares
                 Guangdong Hengjian Capital Management Co., Ltd.                  23,677,500     RMB ordinary             23,677,500
                                                                                                  shares
                 CETC Fund Management Co., Ltd-Zhongdian Electronic               23,677,500     RMB ordinary             23,677,500
                   Information Industry Investment Fund (Tianjin)                                 shares
                   Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                 Hunan Rail Transit Holding Group Co., Ltd.                       23,677,500     RMB ordinary             23,677,500
                                                                                                  shares
                 Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd. – CSI 500 Index                21,460,233  RMB ordinary                 21,460,233
                   Trading Open Index Securities Investment Fund                                  shares
                 Explanation on the special account for repurchase of        –
                   the top ten shareholders
                 Explanation on the above shareholders who entrusted, –
                   be entrusted with or waived voting rights
                 Explanation on the related party relationship or acting-in- China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                   concert arrangement among the above shareholders Corporation Limited, the largest shareholder, does not have
                                                                             any related party relationship with the other shareholders
                                                                             nor is it a person acting in concert with them. The Company
                                                                             is not aware whether the other shareholders have related
                                                                             party relationship or acting-in-concert arrangement.
                 Explanation on the shareholders of preference shares        Not applicable
                   with restored voting right and their shareholdings

                 Note 1:     As of 31 December 2022, apart from 6,604,426,424 A shares, China Railway Signal and Communication
                             (Group) Corporation Limited also holds 34,302,000 H shares of the Company.


                 Note 2:     H shares held by HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED are held on behalf of various clients.


                 Note 3:     Apart from information set out in note 1 and note 2, shares held by shareholders in the table above are all
                             A shares of the Company.

222   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII                      CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                                         SHAREHOLDERS
  The shareholdings of the top ten Shareholders subject to trading moratorium and conditions of such
  trading moratorium


  ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                          Unit: share


                                                            Number of
                                                           Shares held
                                                             subject to      Shares subject to trading
             Name of Shareholder subject                        trading      moratorium available for
  No.        to trading moratorium                         moratorium           listing and trading          Trading moratorium
                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                               additional
                                                                                                  shares
                                                                           Time available       available
                                                                               for listing     for listing
                                                                              and trading    and trading


                                                                                                             42 months from the date
                                                                                                               when the Company’s
             China Railway Signal and Communication                                                            shares are listed at the
  1            (Group) Corporation Limited               6,604,426,424    30 January 2023                –     SSE


  Explanation on the related party relationship
      or acting-in-concert arrangement among
      the above shareholders                          Not applicable

  Note: On 15 April 2019, CRSC Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has made undertakings in respect
        of lock-up of shares of CRSC held by it, that within 36 months from the date when the CRSC’s A shares upon
        initial public offering are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the CRSC’s A shares held by CRSC Group
        shall not be transferred or entrusted to others to manage the CRSC’s domestic shares directly or indirectly held
        by it prior to the issuance, nor shall CRSC repurchase such shares. During the Reporting Period, CRSC Group,
        the controlling shareholder of the Company, has made undertakings to extend the lock-up period of domestic
        shares held by CRSC upon its initial public offering by 6 months to 21 January 2023. The above shares became
        tradable on 30 January 2023.


  Particulars of the top ten domestic depositary receipts holders of the Company as at the end of the
  Reporting Period


  □ Applicable           ✓ Not applicable


  Number of holdings of the top ten holders of depository receipts subject to trading moratorium and
  conditions of such trading moratorium


  □ Applicable           ✓ Not applicable

                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022        223
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
           (III) Particulars of Top Ten Shareholders with Voting Rights as at the End of the Reporting Period


                 □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


           (IV) Top 10 Shareholders from Strategic Investors or General Legal Persons Participating in the
                Placing of the New Shares/Depositary Receipts


                 □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




224   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII                       CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                                          SHAREHOLDERS
(V)   Strategic Placement of IPO


      1.   Particulars of shareholding of senior management and core employees by setting up a special
           asset management plan to participate in the strategic placement of IPO


           ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                    Unit: share


                                                                                                            Number of holdings
                                                                                                            of shares/depositary
                                                                                                              receipts including
                                                                                                              lending shares for
                                             Number of allocated                              Changes of    securities financing
                                               shares/depositary   Time available for      number in the              at the end
           Name of Shareholder/holder                   receipts   listing and trading   Reporting Period          of the period


           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC Feng
             Zhong No. 1 collective assets
             management plan for employee
             participation in STAR MARKET
             strategic allotment                      18,901,500   22 July 2020                        0              4,010,647
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC Feng
             Zhong No. 2 collective assets
             management plan for employee
             participation in STAR MARKET
             strategic allotment                      44,713,112   22 July 2020                  -141,595             7,197,591
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC Feng
             Zhong No. 3 collective assets
             management plan for employee
             participation in STAR MARKET
             strategic allotment                      34,227,038   22 July 2020                        0              6,328,531
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC Feng
             Zhong No. 4 collective assets
             management plan for employee
             participation in STAR MARKET
             strategic allotment                       1,621,102   22 July 2020                        –                      –
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC Feng
             Zhong No. 5 collective assets
             management plan for employee
             participation in STAR MARKET
             strategic allotment                       9,270,248   22 July 2020                  -418,628             2,540,172




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022     225
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
                 2.    Particulars of shareholding of relevant subsidiaries of sponsors participating in the strategic
                       placement of IPO


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                    Unit: share


                                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                                      holdings
                                                                                                                     of shares/
                                                                                                                    depositary
                                                                                                                       receipts
                                                                                                                      including
                                                                     Number of                                   lending shares
                                                                      allocated                    Changes of     for securities
                                                                        shares/ Time available   number in the     financing at
                                                 Relationship with   depositary for listing         Reporting        the end of
                       Name of Shareholder       the sponsor           receipts and trading            Period        the period


                       China CICC Wealth
                         Management Securities
                         Company Limited
                         (Formerly known as
                         China Investment        A wholly-owned
                         Securities Company        subsidiary of
                         Limited)                  the sponsor       36,000,000 22 July 2021                –                 –




226   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII                    CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                                       SHAREHOLDERS
(VI) Interests and short positions of substantial shareholders in shares and underlying shares of the
     Company

     As at 31 December 2022, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (other than the
     directors, the supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the
     shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)
     and which were entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
     SFO:

                                                                                                  Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                                percentage of     percentage of
                                                                                                 shares in the     shares in the
                                                                                                relevant class      total issued
                                                                                 Number of         of shares of    shares of the
     Name of Shareholder                 Class of shares   Capacity             shares held      the Company          Company

     China Railway Signal and          A shares            Beneficial owner    6,604,426,424           76.61%           62.37%
       Communication (Group)                                                  (Long position)
       Corporation Limited
     Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries H shares            Interests in         123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
       Co., Ltd.(1)                                           a controlled    (Long position)
                                                              corporation
     Shanghai Zhenhua Port Machinery H shares              Beneficial owner     123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
       (Hong Kong) Company Limited(1)                                         (Long position)
     China Railway Group Investment   H shares             Beneficial owner     123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
       (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                 (Long position)
     China Railway Engineering        H shares             Interests in         123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
       Corporation(2)                                         a controlled    (Long position)
                                                              corporation
     China Railway Group Limited(2)      H shares          Interests in         123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
                                                              a controlled    (Long position)
                                                              corporation
     China Railway International Group   H shares          Interests in         123,063,000             6.25%            1.16%
       Co., Limited(2)                                        a controlled    (Long position)
                                                              corporation
     Shanghai Ningquan Asset             H shares          Investment           223,875,000            11.37%            2.11%
       Management Co., Ltd.                                   manager         (Long position)
       (上海寧泉資產管理有限公司)

     Notes:

     As at 31 December 2022, the number of issued shares of the Company was 10,589,819,000 shares, of which
     1,968,801,000 shares were H shares and 8,621,018,000 shares were A shares.

     1.    Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. had interests in such shares through Shanghai Zhenhua Port
           Machinery (Hong Kong) Company Limited.

     2.    China Railway Engineering Corporation had interests in such shares through China Railway Group Limited,
           China Railway International Group Co., Limited and China Railway Group Investment (Hong Kong) Limited.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other
     than the directors, the supervisors or chief executives of the Company) who had interests and/or short
     positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to
     the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were entered in
     the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.



                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022     227
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
      IV.   THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER

            (I)   Controlling Shareholder


                  1    Legal person


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       Name                                 China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                                                            Corporation Limited


                       Leader or legal representative       ZHOU Zhiliang


                       Date of establishment                7 January 1984


                       Main business                        Business scope: Dispatching expatriate labor required to
                                                            undertake overseas projects that are compatible with the
                                                            company’s strength, scale, and performance; production of
                                                            railway (including subway) equipment used in communications,
                                                            signals, electricity, and automatic control; scientific research,
                                                            survey, design, installation and construction of the aforesaid
                                                            projects, as well as construction of supporting projects
                                                            thereof; import and export businesses; contracting overseas
                                                            railways and electricity projects and international tender
                                                            projects in PRC; contracting survey, consultation, design and
                                                            supervision of the afore-said overseas projects; survey, design,
                                                            installation, construction and ancillary building construction
                                                            of communication, signal, electricity, and automatic control
                                                            projects of roadway traffic, airport, port, industrial and mining
                                                            enterprises; technical consultation and technical services related
                                                            to the afore-said projects; leasing of the equipment and self-
                                                            owned building. (Enterprises can freely choose the operating
                                                            projects and carry out business activities according to laws;
                                                            projects subject to approval according to laws shall be launched
                                                            to carry out business activities with approval of the competent
                                                            authorities and based on the content of the approval; business
                                                            activities of the forbidden and restricted projects as required by
                                                            the municipal industry policies are not allowed.)




228   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII            CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                               SHAREHOLDERS

      Equity in other domestic and        China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
      overseas                            Limited holds 36,686,852 RMB ordinary shares of Tianjin Keyvia
        listed companies controlled and Electric Co., Ltd. (stock code: 300407). The shareholding
        invested during the Reporting     percentage is 11.42%.
      Period
                                          China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
                                          Limited holds 34,843,206 RMB ordinary shares of China
                                          Railway Construction Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. (stock code:
                                          688425). The shareholding percentage is 0.68%.


                                          China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
                                          Limited participated in the non-public issuance of Power
                                          Construction Corporation of China, Ltd. in January 2023. After
                                          the completion of the issuance, China Railway Signal and
                                          Communication (Group) Corporation Limited holds 31,055,900
                                          RMB ordinary shares of Power Construction Corporation of
                                          China, Ltd. (stock code: 601669). The shareholding percentage
                                          is 0.18%.


      Other explanations                  None


  2   Natural person


      □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


  3   Special explanation for absence of the Company’s controlling shareholder


      □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


  4   Explanation for changes in controlling shareholder during the Reporting Period


      □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   229
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
                  5    Diagram of the property rights and control relationship between the Company and the
                       controlling shareholder


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                              China Railway Signal and
                              Communication (Group)
                              Corporation Limited




                                                 62.69% shareholding in total,
                                                 including 6,604,426,424 A shares,
                                                 accounting for 62.37%; and
                                                 34,302,000 H shares, accounting for 0.32%.




                             China Railway Signal &
                             Communication Corporation
                             Limited




           (II)   Actual Controllers


                  1     Legal person


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       Actual controller of the Company – State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                       Commission of the State Council, which is the ministry level institution directly under the State
                       Council, and was set up in accordance with the Institutional Reform Plan of the State Council
                       and the Notice of the State Council on Establishment of Institutions passed at the First Session
                       of the 10th National People’s Congress. The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                       Commission is authorized by the State Council to perform its duties as an investor on behalf of
                       the State. The scope of supervision of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                       Commission extends to the state-owned assets of central government owned enterprises (excluding
                       financial enterprises).


                  2    Natural person


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


                  3    Special explanation for absence of the Company’s actual controllers


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




230   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
SECTION VIII          CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
                                             SHAREHOLDERS
  4   Explanation for changes in control of the Company during the Reporting Period


      □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


  5   Diagram of the property rights and control relationship between the Company and the actual
      controllers


      ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


        State-owned Assets Supervision and
        Administration Commission of the
        State Council


                                  90.21%



      China Railway Signal & Communication
      (group) Corporation Limited

                                 62.69% shareholding in total,
                                 including 62.37% for A shares;
                                 and 0.32% for H shares

      China Railway Signal & Communication
      Corporation Limited



  6   Controlling the Company by the actual controllers through trust or other asset management
      methods


      □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   231
      SECTION VIII CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF
      SHAREHOLDERS
            (III) Other Information of Controlling Shareholder and Actual Controllers


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      V.    THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF PLEDGED SHARES OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
            OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER OF THE COMPANY AND THE PERSON ACTING IN
            CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTS FOR MORE THAN 80% OF THE SHARES OF THE
            COMPANY HELD BY THEM.

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      VI.   OTHER LEGAL PERSON HOLDING MORE THAN 10% OF THE SHARES

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      VII. EXPLANATION OF RESTRICTIONS ON REDUCTION OF HOLDING OF SHARES/DEPOSITARY
           RECEIPTS

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


      VIII. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SHARE REPURCHASE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

            □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


            Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities during
            the year ended 31 December 2022.




232   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              SECTION IX        PARTICULARS OF PREFERENCE SHARES


□ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                        Annual Report 2022   233
      SECTION X                PARTICULARS OF BONDS


      I.   ENTERPRISE BONDS, CORPORATE BONDS AND DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS OF NON-
           FINANCIAL ENTERPRISES

           ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


           (I)    Enterprise Bonds


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


           (II)   Corporate Bonds


                  □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




234   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                (III) Debt Financing Instruments of Non-financial Enterprises in the Interbank Bond Market


                                             ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable


                                             1.     Basic information on debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               there is a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Investor                                             risk of
                                                                                                                                                       Interest                                                                           suitability                                          termination
                                                                                                                                         Balance of       rate Repayment of principal                                                     arrangements                                         of listing
                     Name of bond                 Abbreviation    Code         Issue date   Value date    Maturity date                    the bond        (%) and interest                                             Trading place     (if any)                   Trading mechanism and trading


                     2021 First Tranche of        21 CRSC MTN001 102103265.IB 15 December   16 December   3+N (3) years, standing   2,800,000,000.00      3.32 Interest payment method: Simple interest for             Interbank market For qualified               Through the local         No
                       Medium-term Notes of                                     2021         2021           perpetually before                                    accrual of annual interest, and no compound                               institutional              currency trading
                       China Railway Signal                                                                 redemption by the                                     interest will be accrued. If the Company does                             investors in the           system of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             SECTION X
                       & Communication                                                                      issuer in accordance                                  not exercise the option of deferred payment                               national interbank         foreign exchange
                       Corporation Limited                                                                  with the terms                                        of interest, interest will be paid annually; if the                       bond market (other         trading center in the
                                                                                                            of issuance, and                                      Company exercises the option of deferred                                  than purchasers            interbank market,
                                                                                                            maturing upon                                         payment of interest, the current interest and                             prohibited by              transactions are
                                                                                                            redemption by the                                     all deferred interest and interest thereof will                           national laws or           concluded one
                                                                                                            issuer in accordance                                  be deferred to the next interest payment date,                            regulations), it shall     by one with the
                                                                                                            with the terms of                                     and each deferred interest is interest bearing                            be conducted in            counterparties by
                                                                                                            issuance.                                             at the prevailing coupon rate during the                                  accordance with the        way of price inquiry.
                                                                                                                                                                  deferral period. The last installment of interest                         relevant regulations
                                                                                                                                                                  shall be paid together with the principal.                                promulgated by the
                                                                                                                                                                  Repayment method: The principal and the                                   National Interbank
                                                                                                                                                                  last installment of interest are paid upon                                Funding Center.
                                                                                                                                                                  redemption by the issuer in accordance with
                                                                                                                                                                  the terms of issuance.
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PARTICULARS OF BONDS


235
      SECTION X                    PARTICULARS OF BONDS


                       Measures adopted by the Company for the risk of terminating the listing and trading of bonds


                       □ Applicable             ✓ Not applicable


                       Overdue and outstanding bonds


                       □ Applicable             ✓ Not applicable


                       Payments of interest and principal of bonds during the Reporting Period


                       ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


                       Name of bond                                                                            Payments of interest and principal


                       2021 First Tranche of Medium-term Notes of China                                        The Company paid interest on bonds of
                          Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited                                     RMB92.96 million on schedule


                 2.    The triggering and implementation of the issuer or investor option terms and the investor
                       protection terms


                       □ Applicable             ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Intermediaries providing services for bonds issuance and business subsisting


                                                                                                                Name of signing
                       Name of intermediary                    Address                                          accountant        Contact person(s)   Contact number


                       China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.    17/F, Building 3, No. 1 Yuetan South Street,     Not applicable    RONG Xi, ZHAO Yan 010-57601901
                                                                 Xicheng District, Beijing
                       China Everbright Bank Company Limited   China Everbright Center, No.25 Taipingqiao       Not applicable    JIANG Shasha        010-63639651
                                                                 Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
                       Zhong Lun Law Firm                      23-31/F, Building 3, South Tower of CP Center, Not applicable      YUAN Ting, MA       010-59572288
                                                                 No. 20 Jin He East Avenue,                                       Sicong
                                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing
                       Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP              Rooms 01-12, Level 17, Ernst & Young Tower, Not applicable         ZHANG Xiaoliang     010-58153960
                                                                 Oriental Plaza, No. 1 East Chang’an Avenue,
                                                                 Dongcheng District, Beijing
                       Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd.   3/F-01, No. 89 West Third Ring North Road,       Not applicable    GE Ling             010-67413300
                                                                 Haidian District, Beijing
                       BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified         20/F, Tower A, China Overseas International      Not applicable    GUO Jian, WANG      010-56730214
                         Public Accountants LLP                  Center, Building 7, No. 5 Anding Road,                           Xiaoyan
                                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing




236   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION X                       PARTICULARS OF BONDS


     Changes in the above intermediaries


     ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                  Impact on the interests
     Name of intermediary                 Reason for change             Procedures                                of bond investors


     Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP           The term of cooperation       It has been considered and                Not applicable
                                             expired                      approved by the Board of
                                                                          Directors and the general
                                                                          meeting of the Company


4.   Use of proceeds as at the end of the Reporting Period


     ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                           Whether the
                                                                                                                           use of proceeds
                                                                                                                           is consistent
                                                                                                                           with the use
                                                                                                                           of proceeds
                                                                                      Operation of     Rectification of committed, the
                                                                                      special account illegal use of       planned use and
                                                Total      Proceeds        Proceeds for proceeds       proceeds            other agreements
     Name of bond                          proceeds             used         unused (if any)           (if any)            in the prospectus


     2021 First Tranche of              2,800,000,000   2,489,030,000    308,000,000 Not applicable    Not applicable      Yes
       Medium-term Notes of China
       Railway Signal & Communication
       Corporation Limited

     Note: The Company raised a total of RMB2.8 billion from the debt financing instruments, and the net proceeds
           after deduction of the relevant issuance expenses was RMB2.79703 billion.


     Progress and operating efficiency in use of proceeds for construction projects


     □ Applicable            ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022         237
      SECTION X                PARTICULARS OF BONDS


                       Explanation for changing the use of proceeds raised from the above-mentioned bonds during the
                       Reporting Period


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanations


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 5.    Adjustment of credit rating results


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanations


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 6.    Implementation and changes in guarantees, debt repayment plans and other repayment
                       guarantees during the Reporting Period and their impact


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 7.    Other explanations of debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (IV) Losses in the consolidated statements exceeding 10% of the net assets as at the end of the
                previous year during the Reporting Period


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (V)   Default on payment of interest-bearing debts excluding bonds as at the end of the Reporting
                 Period


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (VI) Influence of violations of laws and regulations, the Articles of Association, the management
                system for information disclosure, and the agreements or undertakings in the bond prospectus
                on the rights and interests of bond investors during the Reporting Period


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




238   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                         SECTION X               PARTICULARS OF BONDS


      (VII) Accounting data and financial indicators of the Company for the last two years as of the end of
            the Reporting Period


           ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                       Change as
                                                                                                   compared with
                                                                                                the corresponding
                                                                                                period of last year        Reasons for
           Major indicators                                          2022               2021                   (%)             changes


           Net profits attributable to shareholders of
             the listed company after deducting
             non-recurring profit and loss                3,416,830,555.97   3,123,863,726.28                 9.38                    /
           Current ratio                                              1.42               1.48                -0.06                    /
           Quick ratio                                                0.75               0.77                -0.02                    /
           Gearing ratio (%)                                        59.52              58.35                  1.17                    /
           Debt-to-EBITDA ratio                                       1.25               1.54                -0.29                    /
           Interest coverage ratio                                  43.73              46.30                 -2.57                    /
           Cash interest coverage ratio                             25.81              38.14                -12.33                    /
           EBITDA interest coverage ratio                           49.91              53.81                  -3.90                   /
           Loan repayment ratio (%)                                100.00             100.00                     –                    /
           Interest repayment ratio (%)                            100.00             100.00                     –                    /

II.   CONVERTIBLE COMPANY DEBENTURES

      □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   239
      SECTION XI                FINANCIAL REPORT


      I.   AUDIT REPORT

           ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable



                                                     AUDITOR’S REPORT

                                                                                   Xin Kuai Shi Bao Zi [2023] No. ZG26716


           To the Shareholders of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited:


           I.    Opinion


                 We have audited the accompanying financial statements of China Railway Signal & Communication
                 Corporation Limited (“CRSC”), which comprise the consolidated and company’s balance sheets as at 31
                 December 2022, the consolidated and company’s income statements, the consolidated and company’s
                 statements of cash flows, and the consolidated and company’s statements of changes in owners’ equity
                 for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements.


                 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
                 consolidated and company’s financial position as at 31 December 2022 and the consolidated and
                 company’s financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the
                 requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.


           II.   Basis for Opinion


                 We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing (“CSAs”). Our responsibilities
                 under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                 Statements section of our report. We are independent of CRSC in accordance with the Code of Ethics for
                 Professional Accountants of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“CICPA Code”), and
                 we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the CICPA Code. We believe that
                 the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




240   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     SECTION XI                   FINANCIAL REPORT


                                     AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)

III.   Key Audit Matters


       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
       audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
       audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
       separate opinion on these matters.


       We identified the following key audit matters in our audit:


       Key Audit Matters                                        How these matters were addressed in the
                                                                audit


       1.   Recognition of revenue from construction            Method of audit
            contracts


       The revenue of CRSC is mainly derived from               1.      We tested and evaluated the internal control
       construction contracts for which CRSC recognises                 of revenue recognition of CRSC.
       revenue according to performance progress.
       Recognition of revenue in accordance with                2.      We obtained major construction contracts,
       performance progress may involve significant                     reviewed key contract terms and evaluated
       Management judgements and estimates, including                   t h e r a t i o n a l i t y o f t h e M a n a g e m e n t ’s
       estimated contract revenue, estimated contract                   estimation on estimated contract revenue
       costs,and work progress. When conditions change,                 and estimated contract costs.
       the relating judgements and estimates may vary.
       During the execution of contracts, the Management        3.      We performed sampling inspection of
       of CRSC evaluated and revised the estimated                      relevant documents to review contract costs
       contract revenue and estimated contract costs                    incurred; recalculated the performance
       based on factors such as scope of contract delivery              progress and revenue based on incurred
       and estimated cost to completion. The recognition                costs and estimated contract costs.
       of revenue from construction contracts has a
       significant effect on financial statements.              4.      We carried out cut-off test procedures to
                                                                        check whether relevant contract costs are
       For the accounting policies and the disclosure                   recorded in the appropriate accounting
       of information for the recognition of construction               period; and underwent an analytical review
       contract revenue, please refer to Note “V.(XXVII)”               process for the gross profit margin of major
       and Note “VII.(LXI)” to the financial statements.                construction contracts.


                                                                5.      We evaluated the sufficiency of the
                                                                        Management’s disclosure of recognition of
                                                                        revenue from construction contracts in the
                                                                        financial statements.



                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022          241
      SECTION XI                 FINANCIAL REPORT


                                                AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)

           III.   Key Audit Matters (Continued)


                  Key Audit Matters                                    How these matters were addressed in the audit


                  2.   Impairment of accounts receivable and           Method of audit
                       contract assets


                  CRSC recognises provision for impairment of 1.            We tested and evaluated the internal control
                  accounts receivable and contract assets based             of accrual process of CRSC for provision for
                  on expected credit losses, which involves                 impairment of accounts receivable and contract
                  significant judgements and estimations of the             assets.
                  Management. Specific factors considered by
                  the Management in its recoverability analysis 2.          We reviewed the Management’s analysis and
                  include ageing, customers’repayment plans,                evaluation of historical data of receivables and
                  historical settlement records, credit ratings             analysis of historical settlement of contract assets,
                  and historical repayment records, and other               and checked relevant supporting documents for
                  qualitative and quantitative data available to the        selected samples to review the accuracy of the
                  Management. The Management also evaluated                 ageing of receivables.
                  the expected changes in the credit risk of the
                  debtor based on the above data combined with 3            For individual recognition of impairment
                  economic policies, macroeconomic indicators,              provision for receivables and contract assets, we
                  industry risks and other factors, and considered          understood the reasons for the Management’s
                  forward-looking information. The balance of               judgement and evaluated the rationality of the
                  accounts receivable and contract assets of                Management’s impairment provision.
                  CRSC was significant, and the impairment of
                  accounts receivable and contract assets had 4.            For the recognition of impairment provision for
                  significant impacts on the financial statements.          receivables and contract assets by reference
                                                                            to the credit risk portfolio, we reviewed the
                  For the accounting policies and the disclosure            Management’s settings for the credit risk portfolio,
                  of information for provision for impairment of            evaluated the rationality of the impairment loss
                  accounts receivable and contract assets, please           rate in combination with the consideration of
                  refer to Note “V.(X)”, Note “VII.(V)”, and Note           historical audit experience and forward-looking
                  “VII.(X)” to the financial statements.                    information, and reviewed relevant documents for
                                                                            the selected samples to evaluate the rationality
                                                                            of the Management’s credit risk portfolio
                                                                            classification and impairment provision.


                                                                       5.   We evaluated the sufficiency of the Management’s
                                                                            disclosure of provision for impairment of accounts
                                                                            receivable and contract assets.




242   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   SECTION XI                FINANCIAL REPORT


                                    AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)

IV.   Other Information


      Management of CRSC (“Management”) is responsible for the other information. The other information
      comprises all of the information included in the 2022 annual report of CRSC, other than the financial
      statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


      Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
      form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


V.    Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
      Statements


      Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
      accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and for such
      internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements
      that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing CRSC’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing, if applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
      going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate CRSC or to cease
      operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.


      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing CRSC’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   243
      SECTION XI                FINANCIAL REPORT


                                               AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)

           VI.   Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements


                 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
                 are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                 includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
                 an audit conducted in accordance with CSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                 Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
                 they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
                 these financial statements.


                 As part of an audit in accordance with CSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
                 professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


                 (1)   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
                       to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
                       audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                       detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
                       fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
                       internal control.


                 (2)   Obtain an understand of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                       that are appropriate in the circumstances.


                 (3)   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                       estimates and related disclosures made by management.


                 (4)   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
                       and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
                       or conditions that may cast significant doubt on CRSC’s ability to continue as a going concern. If
                       we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
                       report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
                       modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                       auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause CRSC to cease to continue as a
                       going concern.


                 (5)   Evaluate the overall presentation (including the disclosures), structure and contents of the financial
                       statements, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
                       in a manner that achieves fair presentation.




244   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    SECTION XI               FINANCIAL REPORT


                                    AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)

VI.   Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)


      (6)   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
            business activities within CRSC to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
            are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.


            We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
            scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
            internal control that we identify during our audit.


            We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
            relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships
            and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where
            applicable, related safeguards.


            From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters
            that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are
            therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
            regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
            we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
            consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
            such communication.




            BDO CHINA Shu Lun Pan                                 Certified Public Accountant of China: GUO Jian
            Certified Public Accountants LLP                                               (Engagement Partner)


            Shanghai, China                                  Certified Public Accountant of China: WANG Xiaoyan

                                                                                                   23 March 2023




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022    245
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2022




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            Prepared by: China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                    31 December         31 December
            ITEM                                                     Note VII               2022                2021

            Current assets:
            Cash and bank balances                                     (I)      22,215,371,337.81   22,982,585,272.39
            Balances with clearing companies
            Placements with banks and other financial institutions
            Held-for-trading financial assets                          (II)
            Derivative financial assets                                (III)
            Bills receivable                                           (IV)      1,714,371,393.60
            Accounts receivable                                        (V)      22,672,081,197.55   19,853,757,318.28
            Receivables for financing                                  (VI)      1,048,965,771.85    2,142,993,114.00
            Prepayments                                               (VII)      1,135,530,595.29     908,511,854.83
            Premiums receivable
            Reinsurance accounts receivable
            Deposits receivable from reinsurance treaty
            Other receivables                                         (VIII)     1,579,389,304.96    1,093,595,430.95
            Including: Interest receivable                                           3,628,769.52
                      Dividends receivable                                           6,075,000.00        6,525,000.00
            Financial assets held under resale agreements
            Inventories                                                (IX)      2,378,763,660.23    2,492,752,472.50
            Contract assets                                            (X)      38,617,088,327.03   37,318,249,499.32
            Assets held for sale                                       (XI)
            Non-current assets due within one year                    (XII)       104,252,537.37       52,914,920.60
            Other current assets                                      (XIII)      954,216,216.16     1,187,176,665.81

            Total current assets                                                92,420,030,341.85   88,032,536,548.68




246   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                           31 December 2022




                                                        31 December          31 December
ITEM                                    Note VII                2022                  2021

Non-current assets:
Loans and advances to customers
Debt investment                          (XIV)        273,172,183.50       273,172,183.50
Other debt investments                   (XV)
Long-term receivables                    (XVI)       5,909,956,266.76     3,713,734,908.20
Long-term equity investments             (XVII)      1,505,010,167.68     1,378,223,747.06
Other equity instrument investments     (XVIII)      1,124,819,159.20     1,124,819,159.20
Other non-current financial assets       (XIX)
Investment properties                    (XX)         360,225,551.83       284,692,545.57
Fixed assets                             (XXI)       4,580,968,030.17     4,689,690,366.70
Construction in progress                 (XXII)       891,536,403.93       800,282,649.47
Productive biological assets            (XXIII)
Oil and gas assets                      (XXIV)
Right-of-use assets                      (XXV)        173,961,270.40       172,627,457.06
Intangible assets                       (XXVI)       2,563,747,410.22     2,529,711,941.27
Development expenditure                 (XXVII)       188,000,541.82       213,250,203.11
Goodwill                                (XXVIII)      305,324,128.58       305,324,128.58
Long-term prepaid expenses              (XXIX)          58,177,965.51        50,007,280.33
Deferred tax assets                      (XXX)        474,086,180.50       370,019,211.39
Other non-current assets                (XXXI)       5,977,528,881.93     5,004,496,508.18

Total non-current assets                            24,386,514,142.03    20,910,052,289.62

Total assets                                       116,806,544,483.88   108,942,588,838.30




                                                                           Annual Report 2022   247
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2022




                                                                                    31 December         31 December
           ITEM                                                     Note VII                2022                2021

           Current liabilities:
           Short-term borrowings                                     (XXXII)      261,169,967.41       75,629,684.59
           Borrowings from central bank
           Placements from banks and other financial institutions
           Financial liabilities held for trading                   (XXXIII)
           Derivative financial liabilities                         (XXXIV)
           Bills payable                                            (XXXV)       2,260,154,270.80    2,300,794,453.21
           Accounts payable                                         (XXXVI)     49,888,119,903.73   46,455,196,868.52
           Advance receipts                                         (XXXVII)
           Contract liabilities                                     (XXXVIII)    7,704,721,222.25    7,238,346,058.76
           Financial assets sold for repurchase
           Customers deposits and deposits from banks and
              other financial institutions
           Amount paid for agency securities trading
           Amount paid for agency securities underwriting           (XXXIX)       690,620,818.93      657,601,985.99
           Employee benefits payable                                  (XL)        899,902,868.80      899,642,671.41
           Tax payable                                                (XLI)      1,485,075,980.09    1,063,620,223.11
           Other payables
           Including: Interest payable
                      Dividends payable                                           118,347,201.50
           Fees and commissions payable
           Reinsurance accounts payable
           Liabilities held for sale                                 (XLII)
           Non-current liabilities due within one year               (XLIII)     1,237,094,658.03     328,560,596.20
           Other current liabilities                                 (XLIV)       815,521,607.44      476,073,584.49

           Total current liabilities                                            65,242,381,297.48   59,495,466,126.28




248   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                        31 December 2022




                                                                     31 December          31 December
ITEM                                                 Note VII                2022                  2021

Non-current liabilities:
Insurance contract reserve
Long-term borrowings                                  (XLV)       3,290,786,172.77     3,127,722,482.40
Bonds payable                                        (XLVI)
Including: Preference shares
           Perpetual bonds
Lease liabilities                                    (XLVII)       118,073,535.41         97,747,858.35
Long-term payables                                   (XLVIII)        58,629,829.67        62,593,424.21
Long-term employee benefits payable                  (XLIX)        503,607,000.00       530,775,000.00
Estimated liabilities                                  (L)           28,711,970.11        33,531,824.87
Deferred income                                        (LI)        215,017,593.46       160,098,912.68
Deferred tax liabilities                              (XXX)          71,602,084.41        63,277,288.05
Other non-current liabilities                          (LII)
Total non-current liabilities                                     4,286,428,185.83     4,075,746,790.56

Total liabilities                                                69,528,809,483.31    63,571,212,916.84

Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital                                         (LIII)     10,589,819,000.00    10,589,819,000.00
Other equity instruments                              (LIV)       2,796,935,660.38     2,796,935,660.38
Including: Preference shares
           Perpetual bonds                                        2,796,935,660.38     2,796,935,660.38
Capital reserve                                        (LV)      15,964,068,097.89    15,964,108,133.50
Less: treasury stocks                                 (LVI)
Other comprehensive income                            (LVII)       -198,844,477.42      -183,635,652.68
Special reserve                                       (LVIII)      343,494,199.17       267,880,349.13
Surplus reserve                                       (LIX)       2,042,968,810.17     1,811,324,694.45
General risk reserve
Retained earnings                                      (LX)      13,785,475,907.76    12,308,220,568.86
Total equity attributable to Shareholders of the
  parent company                                                 45,323,917,197.95    43,554,652,753.64

Non-controlling interests                                         1,953,817,802.62     1,816,723,167.82

Total Shareholders’ equity                                       47,277,735,000.57    45,371,375,921.46

Total liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                      116,806,544,483.88   108,942,588,838.30



Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
Department: ZHANG Shihu




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   249
      PARENT COMPANY’S BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2022




      Prepared by: China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                 Note            31 December         31 December
      ITEM                                                       XVII                    2022                2021

      Current assets:
      Cash and bank balances                                              14,716,787,400.28      17,821,358,618.20
      Held-for-trading financial assets
      Derivative financial assets
      Bills receivable                                            (I)           79,973,817.53
      Accounts receivable                                         (II)        1,788,106,057.35    1,949,665,011.07
      Receivables for financing                                   (III)         54,684,084.19      162,628,503.49
      Prepayments                                                              300,822,929.37      178,067,195.29
      Other receivables                                          (IV)         6,417,222,998.16    6,569,134,199.92
      Including: Interest receivable                                                                            –
                Dividends receivable                                           161,752,930.31      356,533,862.95
      Inventories                                                                 7,879,326.58                  –
      Contract assets                                                         1,826,390,756.07    1,840,202,585.91
      Assets held for sale
      Non-current assets due within one year                                    21,937,975.59
      Other current assets                                                      95,978,072.44      151,428,268.78

      Total current assets                                                25,309,783,417.56      28,672,484,382.66




250   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      PARENT COMPANY’S BALANCE SHEET
                                                                          31 December 2022




                                             Note       31 December         31 December
ITEM                                         XVII               2022                 2021

Non-current assets:
Debt investment                                       273,172,183.50      273,172,183.50
Other debt investments
Long-term receivables                                2,130,745,638.37    1,816,483,821.44
Long-term equity investments                 (V)    19,245,173,565.00   17,197,354,628.64
Other equity instrument investments                   476,408,221.20      476,408,221.20
Other non-current financial assets
Investment properties                                1,422,508,459.84    1,460,482,054.68
Fixed assets                                          505,661,396.64      526,008,611.39
Construction in progress                                 9,199,876.28        9,199,876.28
Productive biological assets                                                             –
Oil and gas assets
Right-of-use assets                                       928,460.62
Intangible assets                                     471,510,245.98      478,257,923.35
Development expenditure
Goodwill
Long-term prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets                                    32,275,748.35       25,833,621.35
Other non-current assets                               67,200,329.05       14,939,305.93

Total non-current assets                            24,634,784,124.83   22,278,140,247.76

Total assets                                        49,944,567,542.39   50,950,624,630.42




                                                                          Annual Report 2022   251
      PARENT COMPANY’S BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2022




                                                                 Note       31 December         31 December
      ITEM                                                       XVII               2022                2021

      Current liabilities:
      Short-term borrowings
      Financial liabilities held for trading
      Derivative financial liabilities
      Bills payable                                                        68,734,295.36       74,058,902.62
      Accounts payable                                                   4,230,353,881.18    4,335,980,609.76
      Advance receipts
      Contract liabilities                                               1,231,698,118.45    1,122,506,270.37
      Employee benefits payable                                            28,431,342.29       28,449,031.48
      Tax payable                                                            3,892,538.54        3,833,264.62
      Other payables                                                     9,671,141,276.39   11,135,484,672.18
      Including: Interest payable
                 Dividends payable
      Liabilities held for sale
      Non-current liabilities due within one year                         800,518,240.71
      Other current liabilities                                            45,902,934.67       29,551,335.32

      Total current liabilities                                         16,080,672,627.59   16,729,864,086.35

      Non-current liabilities:
      Long-term borrowings                                                                    800,000,000.00
      Bonds payable
      Including: Preference shares
                 Perpetual bonds
      Lease liabilities                                                       144,616.42
      Long-term payables
      Long-term employee benefits payable                                  60,534,000.00       66,977,000.00
      Provisions                                                              686,646.49          686,646.49
      Deferred income                                                        3,869,841.68        3,869,841.68
      Deferred tax liabilities
      Other non-current liabilities

      Total non-current liabilities                                        65,235,104.59      871,533,488.17

      Total liabilities                                                 16,145,907,732.18   17,601,397,574.52




252   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             PARENT COMPANY’S BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                       31 December 2022




                                                       Note         31 December         31 December
ITEM                                                   XVII                 2022                 2021

Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital                                                   10,589,819,000.00   10,589,819,000.00
Other equity instruments                                         2,796,935,660.38    2,796,935,660.38
Including: Preference shares
          Perpetual bonds                                        2,796,935,660.38    2,796,935,660.38
Capital reserve                                                 16,356,470,432.63   16,356,470,432.63
Less: treasury stocks
Other comprehensive income                                         -45,904,166.59      -48,002,800.35
Special reserve                                                     42,219,683.05       18,097,489.74
Surplus reserve                                                  2,042,968,810.17    1,811,324,694.45
Retained earnings                                                2,016,150,390.57    1,824,582,579.05

Total Shareholders’ equity                                      33,798,659,810.21   33,349,227,055.90

Total liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                      49,944,567,542.39   50,950,624,630.42



Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
Department: ZHANG Shihu




                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   253
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      January to December 2022




                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


      ITEM                                                          Note VII               2022                2021

      I.   Total revenue                                                       40,219,614,549.44   38,358,297,108.78
           Including: Revenue                                        (LXI)     40,203,207,773.29   38,358,297,108.78
                     Interest income                                              16,406,776.15
                     Premiums earned
                     Fees and commissions income
      II. Total cost of sales                                                  35,476,209,041.72   34,340,429,353.84
           Including: Cost of sales                                  (LXI)     30,680,741,586.09   29,846,875,671.34
                     Interest expenses
                     Fees and commissions expense
                     Surrenders
                     Net payments for insurance claims
                     Net provisions for insurance contract
                       reserve
                     Policy dividend expenses
                     Reinsurance costs
                     Taxes and surcharges                            (LXII)      241,534,607.36      253,686,656.86
                     Selling and distribution expenses              (LXIII)      812,111,306.78      796,771,857.42
                     General and administrative expenses            (LXIV)      2,289,994,474.16    2,116,982,019.27
                     Research and development expenses               (LXV)      1,689,810,596.63    1,638,494,903.20
                     Finance costs                                  (LXVI)       -237,983,529.30     -312,381,754.25
           Including: Interest expenses                                          110,995,320.48       94,342,569.44
                     Interest income                                             407,442,103.32      482,214,091.74
           Add:      Other income                                   (LXVII)      366,824,324.56      336,893,708.75
                     Investment income (with “-” for loss)          (LXVIII)     121,595,656.28      113,911,083.50
                     Including: Share of profits of associates
                                   and joint ventures                             96,310,729.93       86,129,094.82
                                 Derecognition of income from
                                   financial assets at amortized
                                   cost
                     Foreign exchange gains (with “-” for loss)
                     Net gains from hedging exposure
                       (with “-” for loss)                          (LXIX)
                     Gains from changes in fair value
                       (with “-” for loss)                           (LXX)
                     Credit impairment losses (with “-” for loss)   (LXXI)       -594,320,058.29     -195,496,554.50
                     Assets impairment losses (with “-” for loss)   (LXXII)       37,185,041.73       -64,728,770.22
                     Gains from disposal of assets
                       (with “-” for loss)                          (LXXIII)      29,599,933.66       35,949,376.07




254   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          January to December 2022




ITEM                                                            Note VII              2022                 2021

III. Operating profit (with “-” for loss)                                  4,704,290,405.66    4,244,396,598.54
    Add: Non-operating income                                   (LXXIV)      48,280,889.32        44,826,898.06
    Less: Non-operating expenses                                (LXXV)         9,877,586.82       15,311,313.98
IV. Total profits (with “-” for total losses)                              4,742,693,708.16    4,273,912,182.62
    Less: Income tax expenses                                   (LXXVI)     642,049,846.43       581,002,096.30
V. Net profit (with “-” for net loss)                                      4,100,643,861.73    3,692,910,086.32
    (I) Classified by continuity of operation
        1. Net profit from continuing operations (with “-”
            for net loss)                                                  4,100,643,861.73    3,692,910,086.32
        2. Net profit from discontinued operations (with “-”
            for net loss)
    (II) Classified by the ownership
        1. Net profit attributable to the owners of the
            parent company (with “-” for net loss)                         3,633,640,258.62    3,274,672,689.28
        2. Net profit attributable to non-controlling
            interests (with “-” for net loss)                               467,003,603.11       418,237,397.04
VI. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                      (LXXVII)     -14,969,172.13       24,056,850.65
    (I) Other comprehensive income attributable to the
        owners of the parent company, net of tax                             -15,208,824.74       24,054,954.45
        1. Other comprehensive income that may not be
            reclassified into profit or loss                                   1,565,000.00       24,841,000.00
            (1) Changes of re-measurement of defined
                benefit plans                                                  1,565,000.00       24,841,000.00
            (2) Other comprehensive income that cannot
                be transferred to profit or loss under equity
                method
            (3) Changes in fair value of other equity
                instrument investments
            (4) Changes in fair value of the Company’s
                own credit risk




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   255
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      January to December 2022




      ITEM                                                          Note VII              2022               2021

             2. Other comprehensive income that will be
                 reclassified into profit or loss                                -16,773,824.74        -786,045.55
                 (1) Other comprehensive income that can be
                     transferred to profit or loss under equity
                     method                                                                  –
                 (2) Changes in fair value of other debt
                     investments                                                             –
                 (3) Provision for impairment of receivables for
                     financing                                                    -1,117,575.27        592,617.70
                 (4) Amount of financial assets reclassified into
                     other comprehensive income
                 (5) Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                     investments
                 (6) Hedging reserve arising from cash flows                     -17,353,786.82      -1,074,832.24
                 (7) Exchange differences on translation of
                     foreign operations                                           1,697,537.35         -303,831.01
                 (8) Others                                                                  –
         (II) Other comprehensive income attributable to non-
             controlling interests, net of tax                                      239,652.61           1,896.20
      VII. Total comprehensive income                                          4,085,674,689.60   3,716,966,936.97
         (I) Total comprehensive income attributable to
             Shareholders of the parent company                                3,618,431,433.88   3,298,727,643.73
         (II) Total comprehensive income attributable to non-
             controlling interests                                              467,243,255.72     418,239,293.24
      VIII. Earnings per share:
         (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                         0.33               0.30
         (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                      0.33               0.30



      No business combination under common control occurred during the current period.


      Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
      Department: ZHANG Shihu




256   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                  PARENT COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                           January to December 2022




                                                                                         Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                    Note
ITEM                                                                XVII               2022                 2021

I.   Revenue                                                        (VI)    3,668,723,629.64    5,768,771,719.63
     Less: Cost of sale                                             (VI)    3,212,561,012.53    5,326,648,007.20
           Taxes and surcharges                                               38,710,831.58        43,971,950.42
           Selling and distribution expenses                                    3,238,006.40        4,548,788.46
           General and administrative expenses                               218,082,028.39       223,969,645.55
           Research and development expenses                                 194,890,776.03       161,607,975.13
           Finance costs                                                     -201,125,589.31     -170,608,177.99
           Including: Interest expenses                                      107,904,368.37        95,570,283.85
                        Interest income                                      315,018,653.88       303,878,053.65
     Add: Other income                                                          2,653,830.84        8,318,553.51
           Investment income (with “-” for loss)                    (VII)   2,210,271,346.30    2,025,893,818.19
           Including: Share of profits of associates and
                          joint ventures                                      30,765,509.16        51,213,441.33
                        Derecognition of income from financial
                          assets at amortized cost                                        –
           Net gains from hedging exposure (with “-” for loss)
           Gains from changes in fair value (with “-” for loss)
           Credit impairment losses (with “-” for loss)                       -27,405,511.28      -17,199,725.67
           Assets impairment losses (with “-” for loss)                          406,202.75         1,532,848.98
           Gains from disposal of assets (with “-” for loss)                        2,353.75        7,400,302.71
II. Operating profit (with “-” for loss)                                    2,388,294,786.38    2,204,579,328.58
     Add: Non-operating income                                                  3,161,814.94          250,321.35
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                                 16,653.97            75,030.91
III. Total profits (with “-” for total losses)                              2,391,439,947.35    2,204,754,619.02
     Less: Income tax expenses                                                74,998,790.11        71,090,254.50
IV. Net profit (with “-” for net loss)                                      2,316,441,157.24    2,133,664,364.52
     (I) Net profit from continuing operations (with “-” for net
        loss)                                                               2,316,441,157.24    2,133,664,364.52
     (II) Net profit from discontinued operations (with “-” for
        net loss)
V. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                       2,098,633.76         -296,657.83
     (I) Other comprehensive income that may not be
        reclassified into profit or loss                                        2,240,000.00         -499,000.00
        1. Changes of re-measurement of defined benefit
                plans                                                           2,240,000.00         -499,000.00
        2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                transferred to profit or loss under equity method
        3. Changes in fair value of other equity instrument
                investments
        4. Changes in fair value of the Company’s own
                credit risk


                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   257
      PARENT COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      January to December 2022




                                                                       Note
      ITEM                                                             XVII              2022               2021

      (II) Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified into
         profit or loss                                                            -141,366.24        202,342.17
         1. Other comprehensive income that can be transferred
               to profit or loss under equity method
         2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
         3. Provision for impairment of receivables for financing                  -191,259.88        191,259.88
         4. Amount of financial assets reclassified to other
               comprehensive income
         5. Provision for credit impairment of other debt
               investments
         6. Hedging reserve arising from cash flows
         7. Exchange differences on translation of foreign
               operations                                                           49,893.64          11,082.29
         8. Others
      VI. Total comprehensive income                                          2,318,539,791.00   2,133,367,706.69
      VII. Earnings per share:
         (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
         (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)



      Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
      Department: ZHANG Shihu




258   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                        January to December 2022




                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


ITEM                                                        Note VII                2022                 2021

I.   Cash flows generated from operating activities:
     Cash received from the sale of goods or rendering of
       services                                                         35,104,674,749.42   40,860,468,880.44
     Net increase in customer deposits received and
       interbank deposits
     Net increase in borrowings from central bank
     Net increase in placements from other financial
       institutions
     Cash received from original insurance contract
       premium
     Net cash received from reinsurance business
     Net increase in savings and investment funds
     Interests, service charges and commission received                    12,780,332.10
     Net increase in placements from banks and other
       financial institutions
     Net increase in returned business capital
     Net cash received from accounts payables to
       brokerage clients
     Refunds of tax                                                       612,337,395.38       280,212,429.84
     Cash received relating to other operating activities   (LXXVIII)     838,799,769.58       832,568,324.24
     Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                 36,568,592,246.48   41,973,249,634.52
     Cash paid for goods and services                                   24,949,280,859.96   29,741,089,837.12

     Net increase in loans and advances to customers
     Net increase in deposits with the central bank and
       interbank funds
     Cash paid for original insurance contract
       compensation
     Net increase in placements with banks and other
       financial institutions
     Interests, service charges and commission paid
     Cash paid for bonus of guarantee slip
     Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                             5,628,724,136.37    5,540,044,722.05
     Cash paid for all taxes                                             2,293,139,763.20    2,560,992,749.04
     Cash paid relating to other operating activities       (LXXVIII)    1,615,285,826.07    1,362,420,835.25

     Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                34,486,430,585.60   39,204,548,143.46
Net cash flows generated from operating activities                       2,082,161,660.88    2,768,701,491.06




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   259
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      January to December 2022




      ITEM                                                        Note VII              2022                2021

      II. Cash flows generated from investing activities:
         Cash received from disposal of investments                                                   275,791.34
         Cash received from return on investment                               39,334,273.70       77,910,792.99
         Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
             intangible assets and other long-term assets                      34,176,839.70       92,191,889.65
         Decrease in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted
             time deposits with maturity over three months                    369,676,297.78
         Net cash from disposal of subsidiaries and other
             operating units                                                                          381,153.40
         Cash received relating to other investing activities     (LXXVIII)   183,259,710.63      309,908,872.00

         Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                   626,447,121.81      480,668,499.38

         Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
             assets and other long-term assets                                707,989,088.68      869,517,948.66
         Cash paid for investments                                             69,400,000.00      334,786,961.07
         Increase in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted time
             deposits with maturity over three months                                             516,507,241.36
         Net increase in pledged loan
         Net cash paid on acquisition of subsidiaries and other
             operating units
         Cash paid relating to other investing activities         (LXXVIII)                        17,537,919.08
         Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                  777,389,088.68    1,738,350,070.17

      Net cash flows generated from investing activities                      -150,941,966.87   -1,257,681,570.79




260   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                        January to December 2022




ITEM                                                        Note VII                2022                 2021

III. Cash flows generated from financing activities:
   Cash received as capital contributions                                 129,889,435.93                     –
   Including: Cash received by subsidiaries from
       minority shareholders’ investment                                  129,889,435.93                     –
   Cash received from issuance of other equity
       instruments                                                                     –     2,796,935,660.38
   Cash received from borrowings                                         1,540,734,282.82    1,416,825,684.59
   Cash received relating to other financing activities     (LXXVIII)                  –                     –

   Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                    1,670,623,718.75    4,213,761,344.97

   Cash paid on repayments of borrowings                                  272,909,856.03       550,856,743.01
   Cash paid for distribution of dividends or profits and
       for interest expenses                                             2,320,651,979.30    2,633,026,934.12
   Including: Dividend and profit of minority shareholder
       paid by subsidiaries                                               307,508,732.98       302,577,231.35
   Cash paid for redemption of other equity instruments                                –     2,800,000,000.00
   Cash paid relating to other financing activities         (LXXVIII)    1,495,908,382.53      303,214,723.13

   Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                   4,089,470,217.86    6,287,098,400.26

Net cash flows generated from financing activities                      -2,418,846,499.11   -2,073,337,055.29

IV. Effect of fluctuations in exchange rate on cash
   and cash equivalents                                                   133,561,129.63       -26,819,831.31

V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                (LXXIX)       -354,065,675.47     -589,136,966.33
   Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
            beginning of the period                         (LXXIX)     17,595,724,106.74   18,184,861,073.07

VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end
   of the period                                            (LXXIX)     17,241,658,431.27   17,595,724,106.74



Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
Department: ZHANG Shihu




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   261
      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
      January to December 2022




                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


      ITEM                                                          Note XVII              2022                2021

      I.   Cash flows generated from operating activities:
           Cash received from the sale of goods or rendering of
             services                                                           4,015,126,390.22   5,992,136,796.55
           Refunds of tax                                                         66,947,210.59       61,309,154.12
           Cash received relating to other operating activities                  980,176,186.94      731,264,165.03

           Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                   5,062,249,787.75   6,784,710,115.70

           Cash paid for goods and services                                     3,764,978,024.65   5,852,045,148.64
           Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                               187,273,086.99      234,388,268.14
           Cash paid for all taxes                                               196,605,642.85      166,729,913.67
           Cash paid relating to other operating activities                     1,200,447,667.82   1,115,312,251.24

           Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                  5,349,304,422.31   7,368,475,581.69

      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                         -287,054,634.56    -583,765,465.99

      II. Cash flows generated from investing activities:
           Cash received from disposal of investments                            249,607,061.63                   –
           Cash received from return on investment                              1,960,169,251.35   2,218,371,435.73
           Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
             intangible assets and other long-term assets                             30,610.00       13,036,725.94
           Net cash from disposal of subsidiaries and other
             operating units
           Cash received relating to other investing activities                 5,683,250,255.55   1,090,027,524.00

           Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                   7,893,057,178.53   3,321,435,685.67

           Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
             assets and other long-term assets                                    72,136,821.69        7,310,557.53
           Cash paid for investments                                            2,067,053,427.20     163,000,000.00
           Increase in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted time
             deposits with maturity over three months                                                562,980,700.00
           Net cash paid on acquisition of subsidiaries and other
             operating units
           Cash paid relating to other investing activities                     3,844,794,813.59     899,175,366.56

           Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                  5,983,985,062.48   1,632,466,624.09

      Net cash flows generated from investing activities                        1,909,072,116.05   1,688,969,061.58




262   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                        January to December 2022




ITEM                                                        Note XVII               2022                 2021

III. Cash flows generated from financing activities:
   Cash received as capital contributions
   Cash received from issuance of other equity
       instruments                                                                           2,796,935,660.38
   Cash received from borrowings                                                               800,000,000.00
   Cash received relating to other financing activities

   Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                                        3,596,935,660.38

   Cash paid on repayments of borrowings                                                       400,000,000.00
   Cash paid for distribution of dividends or profits and
       for interest expenses                                             1,858,916,543.93    2,236,235,663.72
   Cash paid relating to other financing activities                      1,429,505,549.34    2,800,460,000.00

   Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                   3,288,422,093.27    5,436,695,663.72

Net cash flows generated from financing activities                      -3,288,422,093.27   -1,839,760,003.34

IV. Effect of fluctuations in exchange rate on cash
   and cash equivalents                                                   124,921,139.00       -18,578,914.41

V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                            -1,541,483,472.78     -753,135,322.16
   Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
            beginning of the period                                     12,984,265,297.85   13,737,400,620.01

VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end
   of the period                                                        11,442,781,825.07   12,984,265,297.85



Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing Head of Accounting
Department: ZHANG Shihu




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   263
264


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                                                               Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Less:                Other                                                                                                                      Minority
                                                                                                                Paid-in capital   Preference              Perpetual                          Capital   treasury        comprehensive                   Special            Surplus General risk      Undistributed                                     shareholder               Total
                                                           ITEM                                              (or share capital)       shares                 bonds        Others            reserve      stocks              income                    reserve            reserve    reserve               profits   Others           Subtotal           interests     owners’ equity

                                                           I. Closing balance of last year                   10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               15,964,108,133.50                   -183,635,652.68          267,880,349.13    1,811,324,694.45               12,308,220,568.86            43,554,652,753.64   1,816,723,167.82   45,371,375,921.46
                                                              Plus: changes in accounting policies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         January to December 2022

                                                              Correction of errors in prior period
                                                              Business combination under common
                                                                 control
                                                              Others
                                                           II. Opening balance of the year                   10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               15,964,108,133.50                   -183,635,652.68          267,880,349.13    1,811,324,694.45               12,308,220,568.86            43,554,652,753.64   1,816,723,167.82   45,371,375,921.46
                                                           III. Increase/(decrease) during the period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                                                                (with “-” for decrease)                                                                                                   -40,035.61                    -15,208,824.74           75,613,850.04     231,644,115.72                 1,477,255,338.90             1,769,264,444.31    137,094,634.80     1,906,359,079.11
                                                                (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                          -15,208,824.74                                                            3,633,640,258.62             3,618,431,433.88    467,243,255.72     4,085,674,689.60
                                                                (II) Capital contributions and withdrawals
                                                                     by shareholders                                                                                                      -40,035.61                                                                                                                                 -40,035.61    129,889,435.93      129,849,400.32
                                                                     1. Common shares contributed by
                                                                        shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               129,889,435.93      129,889,435.93
                                                                     2. Capital contributed by holders of
                                                                        other equity instruments
                                                                     3. Share-based payment recorded
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                        in owners’ equity
                                                                     4. Others                                                                                                            -40,035.61                                                                                                                                 -40,035.61                             -40,035.61
                                                              (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                            231,644,115.72                -2,156,384,919.72            -1,924,740,804.00    -460,716,029.82   -2,385,456,833.82
                                                                    1. Appropriation of surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                            231,644,115.72                  -231,644,115.72
                                                                    2. Accrual of general risk reserve
                                                                    3. Distribution to owners (or
                                                                       shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                             -1,800,269,230.00            -1,800,269,230.00    -430,440,203.82   -2,230,709,433.82
                                                                    4. Others                                                                                                                                                                                                                      -124,471,574.00              -124,471,574.00     -30,275,826.00     -154,747,400.00
                                                              (IV) Internal transfer of owners’ equity
                                                                   1. Transfer of capital reserve into
                                                                        capital (or share capital)
                                                                   2. Transfer of surplus reserve into
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              IN OWNERS’ EQUITY
                                                                        capital (or share capital)
                                                                   3. Recover of loss by surplus
                                                                        reserve
                                                                   4. Changes in defined benefit plan
                                                                        transferred to retained earnings
                                                                   5. Other comprehensive income
                                                                        transferred to retained earnings
                                                                   6. Others
                                                              (V) Special reserve                                                                                                                                                                83,172,335.19                                                                   83,172,335.19         677,972.97       83,850,308.16
                                                                  1. Appropriated in current period                                                                                                                                             420,048,073.14                                                                  420,048,073.14       3,853,344.00      423,901,417.14
                                                                  2. Use in current period                                                                                                                                                      336,875,737.95                                                                  336,875,737.95       3,175,371.03      340,051,108.98
                                                              (VI) Others                                                                                                                                                                         -7,558,485.15                                                                   -7,558,485.15                          -7,558,485.15
                                                           IV. Closing balance during the period             10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               15,964,068,097.89                   -198,844,477.42          343,494,199.17    2,042,968,810.17               13,785,475,907.76            45,323,917,197.95   1,953,817,802.62   47,277,735,000.57
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                                                                                            Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                               Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                           Less:                  Other                                                                                                                            Minority
                                                                                Paid-in capital   Preference               Perpetual                          Capital   treasury          comprehensive                     Special            Surplus   General risk       Undistributed                                      shareholder                Total
                     ITEM                                                    (or share capital)       shares                  bonds       Others             reserve      stocks                income                      reserve            reserve      reserve                profits   Others            Subtotal           interests      owners’ equity

                     I. Closing balance of last year                        10,589,819,000.00                      2,800,000,000.00                15,964,304,189.86                     -207,690,607.13            306,215,150.31    1,597,958,257.98                  11,512,862,059.38             42,563,468,050.40   1,733,869,464.00    44,297,337,514.40
                        Plus: changes in accounting policies
                        Correction of errors in prior period
                        Business combination under common control
                        Others
                     II. Opening balance of the year                        10,589,819,000.00                      2,800,000,000.00                15,964,304,189.86                     -207,690,607.13            306,215,150.31    1,597,958,257.98                  11,512,862,059.38             42,563,468,050.40   1,733,869,464.00    44,297,337,514.40
                     III. Increase/(decrease) during the period
                          (with “-” for decrease)                                                                     -3,064,339.62                      -196,056.36                       24,054,954.45             -38,334,801.18    213,366,436.47                      795,358,509.48                991,184,703.24     82,853,703.82      1,074,038,407.06
                          (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                   24,054,954.45                                                                 3,274,672,689.28              3,298,727,643.73    418,239,293.24      3,716,966,936.97
                        (II) Capital contributions and withdrawals by
                             shareholders                                                                             -3,064,339.62                                                                                                                                                                       -3,064,339.62      -5,049,910.79        -8,114,250.41
                             1. Common shares contributed by
                                shareholders
                             2. Capital contributed by holders of other
                                equity instruments                                                                 2,796,935,660.38                                                                                                                                                                    2,796,935,660.38                        2,796,935,660.38
                             3. Share-based payment recorded in
                                owners’ equity
                             4. Others
                             5. Capital recovery by holders of other
                                equity instruments                                                                -2,800,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                                   -2,800,000,000.00                       -2,800,000,000.00
                             6. Disposal of a subsidiary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     -5,049,910.79        -5,049,910.79
                        (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                      213,366,436.47                   -2,479,314,179.80             -2,265,947,743.33    -331,247,621.35    -2,597,195,364.68
                              1. Appropriation of surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                                      213,366,436.47                     -213,366,436.47
                              2. Accrual of general risk reserve
                              3. Distribution to owners (or shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                               -2,117,963,800.00             -2,117,963,800.00    -302,577,231.35    -2,420,541,031.35
                              4. Others                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    -29,840,610.00                -29,840,610.00     -28,670,390.00       -58,511,000.00
                              5. Distribution to other holders of equity                                                                                                                                                                                                  -118,143,333.33               -118,143,333.33                         -118,143,333.33
                        (IV) Internal transfer of owners’ equity
                             1. Transfer of capital reserve into capital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                                  (or share capital)
                             2. Transfer of surplus reserve into capital
                                  (or share capital)
                             3. Recover of loss by surplus reserve
                             4. Changes in defined benefit plan
                                  transferred to retained earnings
                             5. Other comprehensive income
                                  transferred to retained earnings
                             6. Others
                        (V) Special reserve                                                                                                                                                                         -38,334,801.18                                                                      -38,334,801.18         911,942.72       -37,422,858.46
                            1. Appropriated in current period                                                                                                                                                       383,119,362.80                                                                      383,119,362.80      11,901,297.19       395,020,659.99
                            2. Use in current period                                                                                                                                                                421,454,163.98                                                                      421,454,163.98      10,989,354.47       432,443,518.45
                        (VI) Others                                                                                                                      -196,056.36                                                                                                                                        -196,056.36                             -196,056.36
                     IV. Closing balance during the period                  10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38                15,964,108,133.50                     -183,635,652.68            267,880,349.13    1,811,324,694.45                  12,308,220,568.86             43,554,652,753.64   1,816,723,167.82    45,371,375,921.46




                     Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang                                                                                    Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing                                                                             Head of Accounting Department: ZHANG Shihu
Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  January to December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        IN OWNERS’ EQUITY


265
266


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2022
                                                                                                                                                           Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                            Paid-in capital   Preference              Perpetual                          Capital   Less: treasury Other comprehensive         Special            Surplus       Undistributed                Total
                                                           ITEM                                                          (or share capital)       shares                 bonds        Others            reserve            stocks             income          reserve            reserve              profits      owners’ equity

                                                           I. Closing balance of last year                               10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               16,356,470,432.63                        -48,002,800.35   18,097,489.74    1,811,324,694.45   1,824,582,579.05    33,349,227,055.90
                                                              Plus: changes in accounting policies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     January to December 2022

                                                                    Correction of errors in prior period
                                                                    Others
                                                           II. Opening balance of the year                               10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               16,356,470,432.63                        -48,002,800.35   18,097,489.74    1,811,324,694.45   1,824,582,579.05    33,349,227,055.90
                                                           III. Increase/(decrease) during the period (with “-” for
                                                                decrease)                                                                                                                                                                2,098,633.76    24,122,193.31     231,644,115.72      191,567,811.52       449,432,754.31
                                                                (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                           2,098,633.76                                        2,316,441,157.24     2,318,539,791.00
                                                                (II) Capital contributions and withdrawals by
                                                                     shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PARENT COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                                                                     1. Common shares contributed by shareholders
                                                                     2. Capital contributed by holders of other equity
                                                                        instruments
                                                                     3. Share-based payment recorded in owners’
                                                                        equity
                                                                     4. Others
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                  231,644,115.72    -2,124,873,345.72   -1,893,229,230.00
                                                                     1. Appropriation of surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                                   231,644,115.72      -231,644,115.72
                                                                     2. Distribution to owners (or shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                             -1,800,269,230.00   -1,800,269,230.00
                                                                     3. Others                                                                                                                                                                                                                  -92,960,000.00      -92,960,000.00
                                                              (IV) Internal transfer of owners’ equity
                                                                 1. Transfer of capital reserve into capital (or
                                                                     share capital)
                                                                 2. Transfer of surplus reserve into capital (or
                                                                     share capital)
                                                                 3. Recover of loss by surplus reserve
                                                                 4. Changes in defined benefit plan transferred to
                                                                     retained earnings
                                                                 5. Other comprehensive income transferred to
                                                                     retained earnings
                                                                 6. Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          IN OWNERS’ EQUITY
                                                              (V)Special reserve                                                                                                                                                                          24,122,193.31                                              24,122,193.31
                                                                 1. Appropriated in current period                                                                                                                                                        67,662,728.34                                              67,662,728.34
                                                                 2. Use in current period                                                                                                                                                                -43,540,535.03                                             -43,540,535.03
                                                              (VI) Others
                                                           IV. Closing balance during the period                         10,589,819,000.00                      2,796,935,660.38               16,356,470,432.63                        -45,904,166.59   42,219,683.05    2,042,968,810.17   2,016,150,390.57    33,798,659,810.21
                                                                                                                                                                                        2021
                                                                                                                              Other equity instruments
                                                                                        Paid-in capital                                                                      Capital   Less: treasury   Other comprehensive             Special            Surplus       Undistributed                Total
                     ITEM                                                            (or share capital)   Preference shares        Perpetual bonds       Others             reserve            stocks               income              reserve            reserve              profits      owners’ equity

                     I. Closing balance of last year                                10,589,819,000.00                             2,800,000,000.00                16,356,470,432.63                          -47,706,142.52      30,739,738.39    1,597,958,257.98   2,140,391,784.33     33,467,673,070.81
                        Plus: changes in accounting policies
                              Correction of errors in prior period
                              Others
                     II. Opening balance of the year                                10,589,819,000.00                             2,800,000,000.00                16,356,470,432.63                          -47,706,142.52      30,739,738.39    1,597,958,257.98   2,140,391,784.33     33,467,673,070.81
                     III. Increase/(decrease) during the period (with “-” for
                          decrease)                                                                                                   -3,064,339.62                                                             -296,657.83      -12,642,248.65    213,366,436.47     -315,809,205.28       -118,446,014.91
                          (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                        -296,657.83                                          2,133,664,364.52      2,133,367,706.69
                          (II) Capital contributions and withdrawals by
                                shareholders                                                                                          -3,064,339.62                                                                                                                                           -3,064,339.62
                                1. Common shares contributed by shareholders
                                2. Capital contributed by holders of other equity
                                   instruments                                                                                    2,796,935,660.38                                                                                                                                         2,796,935,660.38
                                3. Share-based payment recorded in owners’
                                   equity
                                4. Others
                                5. Capital recovery by holders of other equity
                                   instruments                                                                                    -2,800,000,000.00                                                                                                                                        -2,800,000,000.00
                          (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                213,366,436.47    -2,449,473,569.80    -2,236,107,133.33
                                1. Appropriation of surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                                                213,366,436.47      -213,366,436.47
                                2. Distribution to owners (or shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                          -2,117,963,800.00    -2,117,963,800.00
                                3. Others                                                                                                                                                                                                                              -118,143,333.33      -118,143,333.33
                        (IV)Internal transfer of owners’ equity
                            1. Transfer of capital reserve into capital
                               (or share capital)
                            2. Transfer of surplus reserve into capital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PARENT COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                               (or share capital)
                            3. Recover of loss by surplus reserve
                            4. Changes in defined benefit plan transferred to
                               retained earnings
                            5. Other comprehensive income transferred to
                               retained earnings
                            6. Others
                        (V)Special reserve                                                                                                                                                                                       -12,642,248.65                                              -12,642,248.65
                            1. Appropriated in current period                                                                                                                                                                     54,485,892.75                                               54,485,892.75
                            2. Use in current period                                                                                                                                                                              67,128,141.40                                               67,128,141.40
                        (VI)Others
                     IV Closing balance during the period                           10,589,819,000.00                             2,796,935,660.38                16,356,470,432.63                          -48,002,800.35      18,097,489.74    1,811,324,694.45   1,824,582,579.05     33,349,227,055.90



                     Person-in-charge of the Company: ZHOU Zhiliang                                                                       Chief Financial Officer: LI Lianqing                                                Head of Accounting Department: ZHANG Shihu



Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               January to December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IN OWNERS’ EQUITY


267
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      III.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

             (I)   Company profile


                   ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock company
                   limited liability company jointly sponsored on 29 December 2010 by China Railway Signal and
                   Communication (Group) Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “CRSC Group”) as the
                   promoter, in association with China National Machinery Industry Corporation, China Chengtong Holdings
                   Group Ltd., China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd., and CICC Jiacheng Investment Management Co.,
                   Ltd. (these four companies are collectively referred to as the “Other Promoters”) approved by the State-
                   owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (國務院國有資產監督管
                   理委員會) (the “SASAC”) via Guo Zi Gai Ge [2010] No. 876 on 17 August 2010 in accordance with the
                   relevant provisions of laws and administrative regulations of the PRC. The Company’s headquarters are
                   at 20th floor of Block A, CRSC Building, 1 Compound Automobile Museum South Road, Fengtai District,
                   Beijing.


                   Upon approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s Reply on Issuance of Overseas Listed
                   Foreign Shares by China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
                   [2015] No. 1630), the Company has issued 1,789,819,000 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1
                   each at an issue price of HK$6.30 per share that were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from
                   July to September 2015. The total amount of funds raised before deducting the issuance expenses
                   was approximately HK$11,275,859,700 and such H Shares commenced for trading on the Main Board
                   of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in August and September 2015. The Company’s four state-owned
                   shareholders, CRSC Group, China National Machinery Industry Corporation, China Chengtong Holdings
                   Group Ltd. and China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd., converted a total of 178,982,000 state-owned
                   legal person shares to H Shares during August and September 2015, which were then transferred to the
                   National Council for Social Security Fund of the People’s Republic of China.


                   According to the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s Approval for Consent to the Registration
                   of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited’s Initial Public Offering (Zheng Jian Xu
                   Ke [2019] No. 1135), as of 16 July 2019, the Company has issued 1,800,000,000 ordinary shares with
                   a nominal value of RMB1 each at an issue price of RMB5.85 per share that were listed on the Sci-Tech
                   innovation board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The total amount of funds raised before deduction of
                   issuance expenses was RMB10,530,000,000.00 and such ordinary shares were commenced for trading
                   on the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s Sci-Tech innovation board on 22 July 2019.




268   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



III.   CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)

       (I)    Company profile (Continued)


              As of 31 December 2022, the Company has accumulatively issued a total issued share capital of
              10,589,819,000 shares with the accumulated share capital amounting RMB10,589,819,000.


              The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Company”) are mainly engaged in the
              following businesses: design and integration of rail transportation control system which mainly include the
              provision of comprehensive planning for investigation, design and control systems for rail transportation
              control system; equipment manufacturing of rail transportation control system which mainly includes
              production and sales of signal systems, communication systems, infrastructure equipment, information
              systems and other products; and system implementation services for rail transportation control system
              which include provision of construction, installation, testing, operation and maintenance services for rail
              transportation control system; and provision of services relating to municipal engineering projects and
              other construction projects.


              The parent company and the ultimate controlling party of the Company is CRSC Group based in the
              PRC.


              The financial statements were approved by resolution by the Board of Directors of the Company on 23
              March 2023.


       (II)   Scope of consolidated financial statements


              ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


              As of 31 December 2022, the subsidiaries of the Company within the scope of consolidated financial
              statements are as follows:



              No.     Level    Name of subsidiary                                           Abbreviation of subsidiary

              1       2        Beijing CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,          CRSCD
                                 Ltd.(北京全路通信信號研究設計院集團有限公司)
              2       2        China Railway Signal & Communication International           CRSC International
                                 Co., Ltd. (中國通號國際有限公司)
              3       2        CRSC Cables Company Ltd. (通號電纜集團有限公司)                        CRSC Cables
              4       2        CRSC Jishou Huatai Pipeline Project Management Co.,          CRSC Huatai
                                 Ltd. (吉首通號華泰管廊項目管理有限責任公司)
              5       2        CRSC Jishou Tengda Project Management Co., Ltd.              CRSC Tengda
                                 (吉首通號騰達項目管理有限責任公司)




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   269
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      III.   CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)

             (II)   Scope of consolidated financial statements (Continued)


                    No.     Level    Name of subsidiary                                             Abbreviation of subsidiary

                    6       2        CRSC (Beijing) Tendering Company Ltd.                          CRSC Beijing Tendering
                                        (通號（北京）招標有限公司)
                    7       2        CRSC (Xi’ an) Rail Industry Group Co., Ltd.                    CRSC Xi’an Industry Group
                                        (通號（西安）軌道交通工業集團有限公司)
                    8       2        CRSC (Changsha) Rail Transit Control Technology                CRSC Changsha Railway
                                        Company Limited
                                        (通號（長沙）軌道交通控制技術有限公司)
                    9       2        CRSC (Zhengzhou) Electrification Bureau Co., Ltd.              CRSC Electrification Bureau
                                        (通號（鄭州）電氣化局有限公司)
                    10      2        Zhengzhou Zhongyuan Railway Engineering Co., Ltd.              Zhengzhou Zhongyuan
                                        (鄭州中原鐵道工程有限責任公司)
                    11      2        CASCO Signal Ltd. (卡斯柯信號有限公司)                                  CRSC CASCO
                    12      2        CRSC International Holdings Company Limited                    CRSC International
                                        (通號國際控股有限公司)                                                  Holdings
                    13      2        CRSC (Jiangsu) Smart City Construction & Development           CRSC Jiangsu Smart
                                        Co., Ltd. (通號（江蘇）智慧城市建設開發有限公司)
                    14      2        CRSC Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.                           Innovation Investment
                                        (通號創新投資有限公司)
                    15      2        CRSC Engineering Group Company Ltd.                            CRSCE
                                        (通號工程局集團有限公司)
                    16      2        CRSC Construction Group Co., Ltd.                              CRSC Construction
                                        (通號建設集團有限公司)
                    17      2        CRSC Communication & Information Group Company                 CRSCC
                                        Ltd. (通號通信信息集團有限公司)
                    18      2        CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd.                   Urban Rail Transit
                                        (通號城市軌道交通技術有限公司)
                    19      2        China Railway Signal & Communication Shanghai                  CRSCS
                                        Engineering Bureau Group Co., Ltd.
                                        (中國鐵路通信信號上海工程局集團有限公司)
                    20      2        CRSC Group Finance Limited (通號集團財務有限公司)                        CRSC Finance


                    For relevant details of subsidiaries of the Company, please refer to Note “IX. Interests in Other Entities”.


                    For details of changes in the scope of consolidation during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note “VIII.
                    Changes on Scope of Consolidation”.




270   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



Ⅳ. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     (I)    Basis of preparation


            The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business
            Enterprises – Basic Standards and all the specific accounting standards, Application Guidance to the
            Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the Accounting Standards for
            Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter referred to as the “Accounting Standards
            for Business Enterprises”), as well as the relevant provisions of the Rules for the Compilation and
            Submission of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No.15 – General
            Requirements for Financial Reports issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Furthermore,
            the financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing
            the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the applicable disclosure
            requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     (II)   Going concern


            ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


            The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


            It is evaluated that the Company has no significant event, which may raise any serious doubt about the
            going-concern ability, within 12 months from the end of the Reporting Period.


V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

     Tips for specific accounting policies and accounting estimates:


     ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


     The following disclosures have covered the specific accounting policies and estimates formulated by the
     Company according to its actual production and operation features.


     (I)    Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises


            The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
            issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated and the company’s
            financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated and the company’s
            financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended.


     (II)   Accounting period


            The accounting year is from 1 January to 31 December in calendar year.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   271
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (III) Operating cycle


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.


           (IV) Functional currency


                 RMB is adopted as the Company’s functional currency.


           (V)   Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under and not under common
                 control


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 Business combination under common control: Assets and liabilities acquired from business combination
                 by the acquirer (including the goodwill formed by the ultimate controller’s acquisition of the acquiree)
                 are measured at the carrying amount of assets and liabilities of the acquiree in the financial statements
                 of the ultimate controller on the combination date. Capital stock premium in the capital reserves should
                 be adjusted according to the difference between the carrying amount of net asset acquired from the
                 combination and that of consideration (total face value of the shares issued) paid for the combination. In
                 case the capital stock premium is not enough, the retained earnings need to be adjusted.


                 For the business combination not under common control: The combination costs are the fair value, on
                 the acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity securities
                 issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The Company shall
                 recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets
                 acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the difference of the combination
                 costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree in the current profit
                 or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained from
                 combination and satisfying the recognition criteria shall be measured at their fair values.


                 Direct expenses arising from the business combination shall be included in current profit or loss on
                 the occurrence date. Transaction expenses on equity or debt securities issued by the acquirer for the
                 purpose of the combination consideration shall be included in the initially recognized amount of equity or
                 debt securities.




272   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (VI) Preparation method of consolidated financial statements


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.   Scope of consolidation


               The scope of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements of the Company is determined
               based on control, including the Company and all its subsidiaries. Control means the Company has
               the power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities related
               to the investee, and has the ability to the Company’s return by using the power over the investee.


          2.   Consolidation procedure


               The Company deems the whole enterprise group as a single accounting entity and prepares
               consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect the
               overall financial position, operating results and cash flows. The influence of internal transactions
               between the Company and its subsidiaries and between subsidiaries shall be offset. When internal
               trading indicates that related assets are impaired, they will be fully recognized. If the accounting
               policy and the accounting period adopted by a subsidiary are inconsistent with that of the Company,
               in preparing consolidated financial statements, necessary adjustments shall be made in accordance
               with the Company’s accounting policy and accounting period.


               The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss, and current comprehensive income of
               subsidiaries attributable to non-controlling interests shall be respectively and separately listed in the
               shareholders’ equity of the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit and the total comprehensive
               income item of the consolidated income statement. If the share of the current losses attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of a subsidiary exceeds the share of the shareholders’ equity
               attributable to non-controlling interests of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, the balance
               is allocated against the non-controlling interests.


               (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business


                     During the Reporting Period, if a subsidiary or business is included as a result of a business
                     combination under the same control, the operating results and cash flows of the subsidiary
                     or business combination from the beginning of the period to the end of the reporting year are
                     included in the consolidated financial statements, while the beginning of the consolidated
                     financial statements and the related items in the comparative statements are adjusted as if the
                     consolidated reporting entity had existed since the point when the ultimate controller began to
                     control it.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    273
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (VI) Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)


                 2.    Consolidation procedure (Continued)


                       (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business (Continued)


                             If the Company is able to exercise control over an investee under the same control due to
                             additional investment, etc., equity investments held before the control over the acquiree is
                             obtained, the related gains and losses, other comprehensive income as well as other changes
                             in net assets recognized from the later of the date when the original equity is obtained or the
                             date when the acquirer and the acquiree are under the same control, to the combination date
                             will respectively write down the retained earnings or current profit or loss in the comparative
                             statements.


                             During the Reporting Period, if the Company acquires subsidiaries or business from the
                             business combination not under common control, such subsidiaries or business shall be
                             included in consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date at the fair value of
                             identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities determined on the acquisition date.


                             If there is control over the investee not under the common control due to additional
                             investments or other reasons, for the equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition date,
                             the Company will re-measure the equity on the acquisition date at its fair value and include
                             the difference between the fair value and carrying amount in current investment income. Other
                             comprehensive income and other changes in shareholders’ equity under the equity method
                             that are involved in the equity of the acquiree held prior to the acquisition date and can be
                             reclassified into profit or loss later are transferred to investment income of the period to which
                             the acquisition date belongs.


                       (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries


                             ①      General method of disposal


                                    For the remaining equity investments after the disposal, the Company will re-measure
                                    the same at the fair value on the date when it loses control over the investee due to
                                    disposal of partial equity investment or other reasons. The sum of the consideration of
                                    equity disposal and the fair value of the remaining equity, less the sum of the share of
                                    net assets of the subsidiary attributable to the Company calculated continuously since
                                    the acquisition date or the combination date according to the original shareholding ratio
                                    and the goodwill, shall be included in the investment income for this period when the
                                    control is lost. Other comprehensive income and other changes in shareholders’ equity
                                    under the equity method that are related to the equity investment of original subsidiaries
                                    and can be reclassified into profit or loss later are transferred to investment income for
                                    this period upon the loss of control power.


274   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (VI) Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)


          2.   Consolidation procedure (Continued)


               (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)


                     ②    Disposal of subsidiaries by stages


                          Where the Company disposes the equity investments in subsidiary through multiple
                          transactions and by stages until it loses the control, if the effect of the disposal on
                          the terms and conditions of all transactions of equity investments in subsidiary and
                          economic effect meet one or more of the following circumstance, it usually indicates that
                          the multiple transactions should be accounted for as a package deal:


                          i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration of
                                 mutual effect;


                          ii.    The transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;


                          iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of at least one other transactions;


                          iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                                 together with other transactions.


                          If the transactions for the disposal of equity investment in subsidiaries that leads to
                          the loss of control are under a package of transactions, the Company treats all such
                          transactions as one transaction through which the Company disposes of its equity in
                          the subsidiary and loses its control over such subsidiary; the difference between the
                          proceeds from each transaction before the Company loses its control over the subsidiary
                          and the corresponding share in the net assets of the subsidiary of the disposed-of
                          investment shall be recognized as other comprehensive income in the consolidated
                          financial statements, and shall be included into the loss and profit in this period when the
                          Company loses its control over the subsidiary.


                          If the transactions are not package transactions, before the control loses, related policies
                          governing the partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing
                          control will apply; when the control loses, general accounting method for the disposal of
                          subsidiaries will govern.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    275
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (VI) Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)


                 2.    Consolidation procedure (Continued)


                       (3)   Purchase of non-controlling interests of subsidiary


                             The difference between long-term equity investments acquired by the Company through
                             purchase of minority interest and the subsidiary’s identifiable net assets attributable to the
                             Company calculated continuously from the acquisition date (or the combination date) in
                             accordance with the increased shareholding ratio shall be charged against stock premium
                             within capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet; when stock premium within capital
                             reserves is insufficient to offset, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.


                       (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control


                             Share premium in the capital reserve under the consolidated balance sheet will be adjusted at
                             the difference between the proceeds achieved from the partial disposal of equity investments
                             in subsidiaries and the share of net assets of subsidiaries attributable to the Company
                             corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments and calculated constantly from
                             the acquisition date or combination date without losing the control rights. Where the share
                             premium in capital reserve is insufficient to offset, retained earnings will be adjusted.


           (VII) Classification of joint venture arrangements and accounting treatment methods of joint
                 operation


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 Joint venture arrangements are classified into joint operation and joint venture.


                 Joint operation refers to those joint venture arrangements under which the joint venture is entitled to
                 relevant assets and be responsible for relevant liabilities.


                 The Company recognizes the following items relating to the interests share in joint operation:


                 (1)   Assets it solely holds and its share of jointly-held assets based on its percentage;


                 (2)   Liabilities it solely assumes and its share of jointly-assumed liabilities based on its percentage;


                 (3)   Incomes from sale of output enjoyed by it from the joint operation;




276   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (VII) Classification of joint venture arrangements and accounting treatment methods of joint
           operation (Continued)


          (4)   Income from selling the production of the joint operation recognized based on the shares held by
                the Company；


          (5)   Separate costs and costs for the joint operation based on the shares held by the Company.


          The Company’s investments in its joint ventures are calculated under the equity method. For details,
          please refer to Note “V. (XIII) Long-term equity investments”.


     (VIII) Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents


          Cash refers to the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer to the
          short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
          are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.


     (IX) Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency financial statements


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.    Foreign currency transactions


                Foreign currency transactions are converted into RMB for recording purpose at the spot exchange
                rate prevailing on the transaction date.


                The balance of foreign currency monetary items as at the balance sheet date are translated at
                the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date and the exchange differences arising therefrom
                shall be included in the current profit or loss, except those exchange differences arising from the
                special borrowings of foreign currency related to the acquired and constructed assets qualified for
                capitalization that will be capitalized at the borrowing expenses.


          2.    Conversion of foreign currency financial statements


                The assets and liability items in the balance sheet shall be converted at the spot exchange rates on
                the balance sheet date. For shareholders’ equity items, except for the item of “retained earnings”,
                other items are translated at the spot exchange rates when the transactions occur. The income and
                expenses in the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on the date
                when transactions occur.


                Where the Company disposes of an overseas business, it shall transfer the exchange difference
                relating to the overseas business to the current profit or loss.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   277
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (X)   Financial instruments


                 ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                 When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset or
                 financial liability or an equity instrument.


                 1.    Classification


                       Based on the business model of managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                       characteristics of financial assets, the Company classifies upon initial recognition financial assets
                       into financial assets measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income, and financial assets measured at fair value through current profit or
                       loss.


                       The Company classifies financial assets that are not designated as those measured at fair value
                       through current profit or loss as financial assets measured at amortized cost if they both meet the
                       following conditions:


                       –       A business model is to collect contractual cash flows;


                       –       The contractual terms are only payments of principal and interest based on the outstanding
                               principal.


                       The Company classifies as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                       financial assets (debt instruments) that are not designated those measured at fair value through
                       current profit or loss if they meet the following criteria:


                       –       The business model is both to collect the contractual cash flows and to sell the financial asset;


                       –       The contractual terms are only payments of principal and interest based on the outstanding
                               principal.


                       For investments in equity instrument not held for trading, the Company will upon initial recognition
                       designate them as financial assets (equity instrument) measured at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income. This designation is made on an individual investment basis and the related
                       investment meets the definition of an equity instrument from the perspective of the issuer.




278   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


           1.   Classification (Continued)


                The Company classifies financial assets except financial assets measured at amortized cost and
                financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, as financial assets
                measured at fair value through current profit or loss. On initial recognition, if it can eliminate or
                significantly reduce accounting mismatch, the Company irrevocably designates some financial
                assets that should be measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive
                income as financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss.


                Financial liabilities at their initial recognition, are divided into the financial liabilities measured at fair
                value through current profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.


                Financial liabilities meeting one of the following conditions can, at the time carrying out the initial
                recognition, be designated to the financial liabilities measured at fair value through the current profit
                or loss:


                1)    The designation eliminates or significantly reduces accounting mismatches.


                2)    Management and performance evaluation of the financial liability portfolio or portfolio of
                      financial assets and financial liabilities on a fair value basis in accordance with the enterprise
                      risk management or investment strategy as set out in a formal written document, and reporting
                      to key officers on this basis within the Company.


                3)    The financial liability contains embedded derivative needed to be separated.


           2.   Recognition basis and measurement method


                (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost


                      Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable, accounts receivable,
                      other receivables, long-term receivables, and debt investments, etc., which are initially
                      measured at fair value, and related transaction expenses are included in the amount upon
                      initial recognition; accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component
                      and that the Company decides not to consider those with a financing component not
                      exceeding one year are initially measured at the contract transaction price.


                      During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method shall be
                      included in the current profit or loss.


                      Upon recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                      carrying amount of such financial asset is included in current profit or loss.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022     279
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


                 2.    Recognition basis and measurement method (Continued)


                       (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                             income


                             Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                             income include financing of accounts receivable, other debt investments, etc., which are
                             initially measured at fair value, and related transaction expenses are included in the initial
                             recognition amount. The financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in
                             fair value, except for interest calculated with the effective interest method, impairment or gains
                             and exchange gains and losses, shall be included in other comprehensive income.


                             At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive
                             income will be transferred from the other comprehensive income to current profit or loss.


                       (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                             income


                             Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                             income, including investments in other equity instruments are initially measured at fair value,
                             and related transaction expenses are included in the initial recognition amount. The financial
                             assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value shall be included in
                             other comprehensive income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.


                             When a financial asset is derecognized, the accumulated gains or losses previously included
                             in other comprehensive income shall be transferred from other comprehensive income and
                             included in retained earnings.


                       (4)   Financial assets measured at fair values through current profit or loss


                             Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss include financial
                             liabilities held for trading, derivative financial liabilities and other non-current financial assets,
                             and are measured at fair value upon initial recognition, with the related transaction expenses
                             being included into current profit or loss. The financial assets are subsequently measured at
                             fair value. Changes in fair value shall be included in current profit or loss.




280   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


           2.   Recognition basis and measurement method (Continued)


                (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss


                      Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss include financial
                      liabilities held for trading, derivative financial liabilities etc., which are initially measured at fair
                      value, and related transaction expenses are included in current profit or loss. The financial
                      liabilities are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value shall be included in
                      current profit or loss.


                      Difference between the fair value and the consideration paid is included in investment income
                      upon derecognition.


                (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost


                      Financial assets measured at amortized cost include short-term borrowings, notes payable,
                      accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds payable, long-term payables,
                      etc., which are initially measured at fair value, and related transaction expenses are included
                      in the amount upon initial recognition.


                      During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method shall be
                      included in the current profit or loss.


                      Difference between the consideration paid and the fair value of such financial liabilities is
                      included in current profit or loss upon derecognition.


           3.   Derecognition and transfer of financial assets


                The Company will terminate the recognition of the financial assets if:


                –     Where the contractual rights for collecting the cash flow of the said financial asset are
                      terminated;


                –     The financial asset has been transferred, and nearly all the risks and rewards associated with
                      ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the transferee;


                –     The financial asset has been transferred and the Company has neither transferred nor
                      retained nearly all the risks and rewards associated with the ownership of the financial asset
                      but does not retain the control over the financial asset.



                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022     281
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


                 3.    Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)


                       In the event of a transfer of financial asset, the Company shall not de-recognize the financial asset
                       if nearly all the risks and rewards associated with the ownership of the financial assets are retained.


                       The principle of substance over form is adopted to determine whether a financial asset meets the
                       above de-recognition conditions for the financial asset.


                       The transfer of a financial asset of the Company is classified into the entire transfer and the
                       partial transfer of financial asset. If the entire transfer of financial asset satisfies the criteria for de-
                       recognition, the difference between the amounts of the following two items shall be included in the
                       current profit or loss:


                       (1)   The carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;


                       (2)   The sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the accumulated amount of
                             the changes in fair value originally and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the
                             financial asset transferred is a financial asset (debt instrument) measured at fair value through
                             other comprehensive income is involved).


                       If the partial transfer of financial asset satisfies the criteria for derecognition, the entire carrying
                       amount of the transferred financial asset shall be split into the derecognized and recognized parts
                       according to their respective fair values and the difference between the amounts of the following
                       two items shall be included in the current profit or loss:


                       (1)   The carrying amount of derecognized part;


                       (2)   The sum of the consideration received from the derecognition and the amount of the
                             derecognized part in the accumulated amount of the changes in fair value originally and
                             directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial asset transferred is a financial
                             asset (debt instrument) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is
                             involved).


                       Where the financial assets transfer does not meet the derecognition conditions, the financial asset
                       will be recognized and the consideration received is recognized as a financial liability.




282   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


           4.   Derecognition of financial liabilities


                A financial liability shall be wholly or partly derecognized if its present obligations are wholly or
                partly dissolved. Where the Company enters into an agreement with a creditor so as to substitute
                the existing financial liabilities with any new financial liability, and the new financial liability is
                substantially different from the contractual stipulations regarding the existing financial liability, it
                shall derecognize the existing financial liability, and recognize a new one at the same time.


                Where substantive changes are made to the contractual terms of an existing financial liability in
                whole or in part, the existing financial liability or part thereof will be derecognized, and the financial
                liability the terms of which have been modified will be recognized as a new financial liability.


                Where financial liabilities are de-recognized in whole or in part, the difference between the carrying
                amount of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including non-cash
                assets transferred out or new financial liabilities borne) shall be included in the current profit or loss.


                Where the Company repurchases part of a financial liability, the entire carrying amount of the
                financial liability shall be split into the derecognized part and continuously-recognized part according
                to their respective relatively fair values on the repurchase date. The difference between the carrying
                amount of the derecognized part and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets surrendered
                or new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in the current profit or loss.


           5.   Determination method for the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities


                Fair value of a financial instrument having an active market is determined on the basis of quoted
                prices in the active market. The fair value of a financial instrument, for which there is no active
                market, is determined by using valuation techniques. At the time of valuation, the Company adopts
                the valuation techniques that are applicable in the current situation and supported by enough
                available data and other information, selects the input values that are consistent with the features
                of assets or liabilities as considered by market participants in relevant asset or liability transactions,
                and gives priority to use relevant observable inputs. Unobservable input values are used only when
                relevant observable input values cannot be available or such values obtained are infeasible.


           6.   Testing method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets


                The Company estimates the expected credit losses of financial assets measured at amortized cost,
                financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and
                finance guarantee contract in a single or combined manner.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   283
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (X)   Financial instruments (Continued)


                 6.    Testing method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets (Continued)


                       The Company recognizes expected credit losses by calculating the probability-weighted amount of
                       the present value of the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the
                       cash flows expected to be received, taking into account reasonable and substantiated information
                       about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, weighted by the
                       risk of default.


                       If the credit risk of the financial instrument has increased significantly since the initial recognition,
                       the Company measures its loss provision at the expected credit losses for the whole duration of the
                       financial instrument; if the credit risk of the financial instrument has not significantly increased since
                       the initial recognition, the Company measures its loss provision at the expected credit losses of
                       the financial instrument within the next 12 months. The increase or reversal of the loss provision is
                       included in the current profit or loss as an impairment loss or gain.


                       The Company assesses whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                       since initial recognition by comparing the risk of default of the financial instrument at the balance
                       sheet date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition to determine the relative change
                       in the risk of default over the expected life of the financial instrument. Generally, once the overdue
                       period is more than 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit
                       risk of such financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious
                       increase in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.


                       The Company considers that the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly
                       since initial recognition if the credit risk of a financial instrument on the balance sheet date.


                       If there is objective evidence that there is credit loss for a financial asset, the Company shall make
                       provision for impairment of the financial asset on a single basis.


                       For receivables and contract assets resulting from transactions governed by the Accounting
                       Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue (2017), the Company consistently measures
                       its allowance for losses at an amount equal to the expected credit loss over the entire life of the
                       asset, whether or not it contains a significant financing component.


                       For lease receivables, the Company has chosen to always measure its loss allowance at an amount
                       equal to the expected credit loss over the entire life of the receivables.


                       When the Company no longer reasonably expects the contractual cash flows of a financial asset to
                       be recovered in whole or in part, it directly writes down the gross carrying amount of that financial
                       asset.


284   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XI) Inventories


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.   Classification and cost of inventories


               Inventories are classified into stock commodities, raw materials, semi-finished goods and work-in-
               progress, turnover materials, dispatched goods, etc.


               Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement cost,
               processing cost and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present location and
               condition.


          2.   Measurement method of dispatched inventories


               Upon dispatch, inventories are measured with the weighted average method.


          3.   Recognition basis of the net realizable value of different types of inventories


               On the balance sheet date, the inventories shall be valuated at the lower of their costs or net
               realizable values. When the inventory costs are higher than the net realizable values, the provision
               for inventory depreciation reserves shall be made. The net realizable values of inventories refer to
               the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories minus the estimated costs to completion,
               estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges.


               In normal operation process, for merchandise inventories held directly for sale, including finished
               goods, stock commodities and held-for-sale materials, their net realizable values are determined
               at the estimated selling prices minus the estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
               surcharges; in normal production and operation process, for material inventories that need further
               processing, their net realizable values are determined at the estimated selling prices of finished
               goods minus estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
               surcharges; for inventories held to execute sales contract or service contract, their net realizable
               values are calculated on the basis of contract price. If the quantities of inventories held by the
               Company are more than those specified in sales contracts, the net realizable value of the excess
               portion of inventories are calculated on the basis of general selling prices.


               After the provisions for the inventory depreciation are made, the factors causing any write-down of
               inventory value have disappeared, leading to the net realizable values of inventories higher than
               its carrying amount, the amount of write-down shall be resumed and be reversed from the original
               provision for inventory devaluation with the reversal being included in current profit or loss.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   285
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XI) Inventories (Continued)


                 4.    Inventory system


                       Perpetual inventory system is adopted.


                 5.    Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials


                       (1)   Low-cost consumables: lump-sum amortization method;


                       (2)   Packaging materials are amortized at lump-sum method.


           (XII) Contract assets


                 1.    Recognition method and standards for contractual assets


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       The Company presents contractual assets or contractual liabilities in the balance sheet based
                       on the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments. If
                       the Company has transferred the right to receive consideration for goods transferred or services
                       provided to customers and the right depends on factors other than the passage of time, it is
                       presented as a contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract
                       are presented by their net amounts. The Company’s unconditional (only subject to the passage of
                       time) rights to receive consideration from customers are individually presented as receivables.


                 2.    Determination method and accounting treatment of expected credit losses of contractual
                       assets


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       The method of determining expected credit losses and accounting treatment for contract assets are
                       detailed in Note “(X) 6. Testing method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets”.




286   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XIII) Long-term equity investments


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.   Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence


               Common control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the relevant
               stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement should not be made
               before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the Company and other investors
               exert common control over the investee and the Company is entitled to net assets of the investee,
               the investee is the joint venture of the Company.


               Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial and
               operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control, or jointly control, the formulation of
               such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to have significant influences on an
               investee, the investee is its associate.


          2.   Determination of initial investment costs


               (1)   A long-term equity investment as a result of business combination


                     For long-term equity investments acquired from business combinations under common
                     control, the investment initial cost thereof shall be recognized at the share of carrying amount
                     of the shareholders’ equity of the acquiree in the consolidated financial statements of the
                     ultimate controller on the acquisition date. The capital premium in the capital reserve is
                     adjusted according to the difference between the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                     investment and the carrying amount of consideration. If the capital premium in the capital
                     reserves is insufficient to cover the difference, the retained earnings shall be adjusted. In case
                     the Company can exercise control over the investee under common control for additional
                     investment or other reasons, the share premium will be adjusted at the difference between
                     the initial investment cost of long-term equity investments recognized in accordance with the
                     above principles and the sum of the carrying amount of long-term equity investments before
                     the combination plus the carrying amount of the new consideration paid for further acquisition
                     of shares on the combination date. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                     earnings will be offset.


                     For long-term equity investment as a result of business combination not under common
                     control, the Company determines the combination cost determined on the purchase date as
                     the initial cost of long-term equity investments. Where additional investment or other reasons
                     make the control over the investee not under the same control possible, the initial investment
                     cost will be the sum of the carrying amount of the equity investments previously held and the
                     newly increased investment costs.

                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    287
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XIII) Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                 2.    Determination of initial investment costs (Continued)


                       (2)   Long-term equity investments obtained by means other than business combination


                             For long-term equity investments acquired from cash payment, the initial investment cost is
                             the actually paid purchasing cost.


                             For a long-term equity investment acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial cost is
                             the fair value of the issued equity securities.


                 3.    Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses


                       (1)   Long-term equity investments calculated under cost method


                             Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted for at
                             cost, unless the investments meet the conditions for holding for sale. Except for the actual
                             price paid for acquisition of investment or the cash dividends or profits contained in the
                             consideration which have been declared but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes
                             the investment income in the current year at the cash dividends or profits declared by the
                             investee.


                       (2)   Long-term equity investments calculated under equity method


                             The Company’s long-term equity investments in its associates and joint ventures are
                             calculated under the equity method. If the cost of initial investment is in excess of the
                             proportion of the fair value of the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment
                             is made, the difference will not be adjusted to the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                             investment; if the cost of initial investment is in short of the proportion of the fair value of the
                             net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be
                             included in the current profit or loss, meanwhile the costs of long-term equity investments will
                             be adjusted.


                             The Company shall recognize the investment income and other comprehensive income at
                             the shares of net profit or loss and other comprehensive income realized by the investee
                             which the Company shall enjoy or bear and adjust the carrying amount of long-term equity
                             investments at the same time; the Company shall calculate the shares according to profits
                             or cash dividends declared by the investee and correspondingly reduce the carrying amount
                             of long-term equity investments; the carrying amount of long-term equity investments shall
                             be adjusted according to the investee’s other changes in shareholders’ equity other than
                             net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and Distribution of profits (“other changes in
                             shareholders’ equity”), which should be included in shareholders’ equity.


288   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XIII) Long-term equity investments (Continued)


          3.   Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses (Continued)


               (2)   Long-term equity investments calculated under equity method (Continued)


                     The share of the investee’s net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and other changes
                     in shareholders’ equity should be recognized after adjustments are made to Net profit and
                     other comprehensive income of the investee based on the fair value of identifiable net assets
                     of the investee upon acquisition of investments and according to accounting policies and
                     accounting period of the Company.


                     The Company shall write off the part of incomes from internal unrealized transactions between
                     the Company and associates and joint ventures which are attributable to the Company
                     according to the corresponding ratio and recognize the profit or loss on investments on such
                     basis except that the assets invested or sold constitute business. Where the losses from
                     internal transactions between the Company and the investee fall into the scope of assets
                     impairment loss, the full amount of such losses should be recognized.


                     For net loss incurred by joint ventures or associates, the Company shall, in addition to its
                     obligation to bear additional losses, write down to zero the carrying amount of long-term equity
                     investments and other long-term equity that essentially constitutes net investment in such joint
                     ventures or associates. If a joint venture or an associate realizes net profits in the future, the
                     Company shall resume recognizing its share of profits after the share of profits makes up for
                     the share of unrecognized losses.


               (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments


                     For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the carrying amount and
                     the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.


                     For partial disposal of long-term equity investments accounted for under the equity method,
                     if the remaining equity is still accounted for under the equity method, other comprehensive
                     income originally accounted for and recognized under the equity method shall be carried
                     forward in proportion on the basis same as that for the direct disposal of related assets or
                     liabilities by the investee, and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward
                     to current profit or loss in proportion.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    289
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XIII) Long-term equity investments (Continued)


                 3.    Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses (Continued)


                       (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)


                             In case the joint control or significant influence over the investee is lost for disposing of equity
                             investments or other reasons, other comprehensive income recognized from original equity
                             investments by using the equity method shall be subject to accounting treatment on the basis
                             same as that for the direct disposal of related assets or liabilities by the investee when the
                             equity method is terminated, and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to
                             current profits or losses when the equity method is terminated.


                             Where the Company loses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial equity
                             investments or other reasons, when it prepares individual financial statements, if the remaining
                             equity can exercise joint control or significant influence on the investee, such investments
                             should be changed to be accounted for under the equity method and the remaining equity
                             should be deemed to have been accounted for by adopting the equity method on acquisition
                             and adjusted; other comprehensive income recognized before the control of the investee is
                             obtained will be carried forward on the basis same as that for the direct disposal of related
                             assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes in owner’s equity accounted for and
                             recognized under the equity method will be carried forward to current profits or losses in
                             proportion; if the remaining equity cannot exercise joint control or significant influence on
                             the investee, such equity will be recognized as financial assets, and the difference between
                             fair value and carrying amount on the date of loss of the control should be included in
                             current profits or losses; other comprehensive income and other changes in owner’s equity
                             recognized before the control of the investee is obtained will be carried forward.


                             Where the Company disposes of equity investments in subsidiaries through multiple
                             transactions and by stages until loss of the control, if the above transactions belong to a
                             package deal, accounting treatment shall be made on the transactions as a transaction to
                             dispose equity investments of subsidiaries and lose the control. The difference between
                             each disposal cost and the carrying amount of long-term equity investments corresponding
                             to disposed equities before the loss of the control should be firstly recognized as other
                             comprehensive income in individual financial statements and then transferred into the
                             current profit or loss at the loss of the control. If the transactions are not under a package of
                             transactions, each transaction shall be subject to accounting treatment separately.




290   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XIV) Investment properties


          An investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both purposes,
          which include a land use right that is leased out, a land use right held for transfer upon capital
          appreciation and a building that is leased out (including a building that used for rent after the completion
          of self-construction or development activities and a building under construction or development for future
          rental purpose).


          Subsequent expenditures incurred for such investment properties are included in the cost of the
          investment properties when it is probable that economic benefits associated with an investment property
          will flow to the Company and the cost can be measured reliably. Otherwise, they are recognised in profit
          or loss for the period in which they are incurred.


          The Company uses the cost model for subsequent measurement of investment properties, and adopts a
          depreciation or amortisation policy for the investment properties which is consistent with that for buildings
          and land use rights.


     (XV) Fixed assets


          1.   Recognition and initial measurement of fixed assets


               ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


               Fixed assets refer to the tangible assets of the Company held for the purpose of production of
               goods, service supply, leasing or business management with useful lives exceeding one accounting
               year. Fixed assets are recognized when the following criteria are satisfied simultaneously:


               (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the Company;


               (2)   The costs of the fixed asset can be measured reliably.


               A fixed asset shall be initially measured at its cost with the consideration of the expected discard
               expenses.


               The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets shall be included in the costs of fixed assets
               when the relevant economic interests are much likely to flow in the Company and their costs may
               be measured reliably; as for the party replaced, the carrying amount shall be derecognized; all other
               subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current profit or loss when incurred.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    291
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XV) Fixed assets (Continued)


                 2.    Depreciation method


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       Fixed assets will be depreciated by using the straight line method by category and the depreciation
                       rate shall be recognized according to the category, estimated useful lives and estimated net residual
                       value rate of fixed assets. For the fixed assets with provision for impairment made, the amount of
                       depreciation will be determined according to the carrying amount after deduction of the provision for
                       impairment and the remaining useful life in the future. Where various components of fixed assets
                       are different in useful lives or provide economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then
                       different depreciation rates or methods are chosen to separately provide for depreciation.


                       Depreciation method, depreciation life, residual value rate and annual depreciation rate of various
                       fixed assets are as follows:


                                                                                                    Residual        Annual
                                                                                   Depreciation     value rate depreciation
                       Type                           Depreciation method             life (year)         (%)       rate (%)

                       Houses and buildings           Straight-line method                20-40          3-10     2.25-4.85
                       Machinery equipment            Straight-line depreciation            5-10         3-10    9.00-19.40
                       Means of transportation        Straight-line depreciation             5-8         3-10   11.25-19.40
                          vehicles
                       Electronic equipment           Straight-line depreciation            3-10         3-10    9.00-32.33
                          and others


                       The Company reviews the useful life, estimated net residual value of a fixed asset and the
                       depreciation method applied at least once at each year-end, and make adjustments when
                       necessary.


                 3.    Disposal of fixed assets


                       When fixed assets are disposed of or are expected to fail to generate economic benefits after the
                       use or disposal, the fixed assets shall be derecognized. The difference of the income from sales,
                       transfer, retirement or damage of fixed assets deducting the carrying amount and related taxes
                       should be included in the current profit or loss.




292   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XVI) Construction in progress

          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          Construction in progress is recognised based on the actual construction expenditures incurred. It includes
          construction costs, installation costs, capitalised borrowing costs and expenditures necessary to be
          incurred before the construction in progress is ready for intended use, and other relevant expenditures.
          Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when the asset is ready for its intended use and
          provide for depreciation since next month.


     (XVII) Borrowing costs

          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.   Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs


               Borrowing costs of the Company that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
               production of qualifying assets should be capitalized and included in the costs of related assets.
               Other borrowing costs are recognized as expenses at the amount on occurrence and are charged
               to the current profit or loss.


               Assets meeting the capitalization requirements refers to fixed assets, investment properties and
               inventories, etc. that need to be purchased, constructed or produced for a long time to be available
               for intended use or sale.


          2.   Capitalization period for borrowing costs


               Capitalization period refers to the period from commencement of capitalization of borrowing costs to
               its cessation. The period of capitalization suspension of borrowing costs is excluded.


               Capitalization should commence when all the following three conditions are satisfied:


               (1)   asset disbursements, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-cash
                     assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing or producing
                     assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;


               (2)   borrowing costs have occurred;


               (3)   purchase, construction or manufacturing activities that are necessary to prepare the assets for
                     their intended use are in progress.


               Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or produced
               assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale condition.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   293
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XVII) Borrowing costs (Continued)


                 3.    Period of capitalization suspension


                       If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization are
                       abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than three months, the capitalization of
                       borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary procedures for the acquired,
                       constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to reach their intended use or sale status,
                       the borrowing costs continue to be capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption
                       are recognized as the current profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition,
                       construction or production of the asset restarts.


                 4.    Calculation method of capitalization rate and capitalization amount of borrowing costs


                       As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible for
                       capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in this period less the interest
                       income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank or return on temporary investment shall be
                       recognized as the capitalization amount of borrowing costs.


                       As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
                       for capitalization, the interest of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated by
                       multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated asset
                       disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general borrowings.
                       The capitalization rate is determined via the calculation at the weighted average actual interest rate
                       of general borrowings.


                       During capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign currency
                       special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible for capitalization.
                       Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest of foreign currency borrowings other
                       than special foreign currency borrowings are included in current profits or losses.




294   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XVIII) Right-of-use assets


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          The Company’s right-of-use assets include houses and buildings, means of transportation vehicles.


          On the commencement date of the lease term, the Company recognises its right to use the leased
          assets over the lease term as right-of-use assets, the amount of which includes: the amount of the initial
          measurement of the lease liability; any lease payments made at or before the commencement date of
          the lease term less any lease incentives already received; any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee;
          an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the leased asset, restoring
          the site on which it is located or restoring the leased asset to the condition required by the terms and
          conditions of the lease. The Company depreciates the right-of-use assets by using the straight-line
          method. If it is reasonable to determine the ownership of the leased asset at the expiration of the lease
          term, the Company shall depreciate the leased assets over the remaining useful life. If it is not reasonable
          to determine that the ownership of the leased assets can be obtained at the expiry of the lease term, the
          Company shall depreciate the leased assets over the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased
          assets, whichever is shorter.


          The Company shall remeasure lease liabilities according to the present value of the changed
          lease payments and adjust the book value of the right-of-use assets accordingly. However, if the
          carrying amount of the right-of-use assets is reduced to zero, yet there is still a further reduction
          in the measurement of the lease liabilities, the Company recognises any remaining amount of the
          remeasurement in profit or loss for the period.


     (XIX) Intangible assets


          1.    Measurement method of intangible assets


                ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost upon acquisition


                      The costs of externally acquired intangible assets include their purchase prices, related taxes
                      and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred to prepare the asset
                      for its intended use.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    295
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XIX) Intangible assets (Continued)


                 1.    Measurement method of intangible assets (Continued)


                       (2)    Subsequent measurement


                              The useful lives of intangible assets are analyzed on acquisition.


                              As for intangible assets with limited useful life, they will be amortized during the period
                              when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for enterprise; if the period when the
                              intangible assets generate economic benefit for enterprise cannot be predicted, the intangible
                              assets will be deemed as those with indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.


                 2.    Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives


                                                 Estimated                                    Residual
                                                 useful life                                value rate
                       Item                           (year)     Amortization method               (%)    Basis

                       Land use right                     50     Straight-line method              0.00   Legal useful life
                       Patent right                      5-8     Straight-line method              0.00   Estimated actual
                                                                                                            useful life
                       Software                            5     Straight-line method              0.00   Estimated actual
                                                                                                            useful life
                       Unfinished contracts              2-3     Straight-line method              0.00   Estimated actual
                                                                                                            useful life
                       Customer relationship             5-9     Straight-line method              0.00   Estimated actual
                                                                                                            useful life


                       Land use rights obtained by the Company are usually accounted for as intangible assets. The land
                       use rights of the self-developed buildings including plants are measured as intangible assets and
                       buildings are measured as fixed assets, respectively. With respect to the land use rights purchased
                       together with buildings, the acquisition cost is allocated between the two parts proportionately, or
                       otherwise, is wholly accounted for as fixed assets.


                       Intangible assets with the useful lives are amortised over their useful lives using the straight-line
                       method. The Company reviews the useful lives and the amortisation method for intangible assets
                       with the useful lives at least once at each year-end, and makes adjustments when necessary.


                       The Company had no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.




296   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XIX) Intangible assets (Continued)


          3.   Accounting policies for internal research and development expenditure


               ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


               Expenditure on an internal research and development project shall be classified into expenditure on
               the research phase and expenditure on development phase.


               Research stage: it is the stage when creative and planned investigation and research activities
               are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological knowledge. Development
               phase: development phase is the stage when the research achievements and other knowledge are
               applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use, so as to produce any new or
               substantially improved material, device or product.


               Expenditure on an internal research and development project shall be classified into expenditure
               on the research phase and expenditure on development phase. The expenditures in research
               phase will be included in current profit or loss on occurrence. Expenditures in the development
               stage will be capitalised only when the following conditions are simultaneously satisfied: it is
               feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale; it is intended to finish and use or
               sell the intangible assets; the usefulness of methods for intangible assets to generate economic
               benefits shall be proved, including being able to prove that there is a potential market for the
               products manufactured by applying the intangible assets or there is a potential market for the
               intangible assets themselves or the intangible assets will be used internally; it is able to finish the
               development of the intangible assets and able to use or sell the intangible assets, with the support
               of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources; and the expenditure attributable
               to the intangible asset during its development phase can be measured reliably. Expenditure in
               the development phase that does not meet the above criteria is recognised in profit or loss for the
               period in which it is incurred.


          4.   Specific criteria for capitalisation of expenditures in development phase


               The expenditures in research phase will be included in current profit or loss on occurrence.
               Expenditures in the development stage will be recognized as intangible assets only when the
               following conditions are simultaneously satisfied, and included in current profit or loss if the following
               conditions are not satisfied:


               (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;


               (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible assets;




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   297
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XIX) Intangible assets (Continued)


                 4.    Specific criteria for capitalisation of expenditures in development phase (Continued)


                       (3)   The usefulness of methods for intangible assets to generate economic benefits shall be
                             proved, including being able to prove that there is a potential market for the products
                             manufactured by applying the intangible assets or there is a potential market for the intangible
                             assets themselves or the intangible assets will be used internally;


                       (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and able to use or sell the
                             intangible assets, with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other
                             resources;


                       (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development phase can be
                             measured reliably.


                       Where the research expenditures and the development expenditures are indistinguishable, the
                       research expenditures and development expenditures shall be included in current profit or loss.


           (XX) Long-term assets impairment


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 For long-term equity investments, investment properties measured at cost, fixed assets, construction
                 in progress, use-of-right assets, intangible assets with definite service life, and other long-term assets,
                 if there are signs of impairment, an impairment test will be conducted on the balance sheet date. If the
                 result of the impairment test shows that the recoverable amount of the asset is lower than its carrying
                 amount, the provision for impairment shall be made and included in impairment loss. The recoverable
                 amounts of intangible assets are the higher of their fair values less costs to sell and the present values
                 of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the assets. The asset impairment provision shall be
                 calculated and recognized on the basis of single asset, if it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount
                 of the individual asset, the Company shall estimate the recoverable amount of the asset group that the
                 individual asset belongs to. Asset group is the minimum combination of assets that can independently
                 generate cash inflows. Goodwill arising in a business combination and intangible assets that have not
                 been ready for intended use shall be tested for impairment at least at each year end, irrespective of
                 whether there is any indication that the asset may be impaired.


                 The Company has conducted impairment test for goodwill. The carrying amount of goodwill acquired in a
                 business combination is allocated from the acquisition date on a reasonable basis to each of the related
                 asset groups; if it is difficult to allocate to the related asset groups, it is allocated to each of the related set
                 of asset groups. Each of the related asset groups or set of asset groups is an asset group or set of asset
                 groups that is able to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.


298   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XX) Long-term assets impairment (Continued)


           In testing an asset group or a set of asset groups including goodwill for impairment, if there is indication
           of impairment, the Company shall first test the asset group or the set of asset groups excluding goodwill
           for impairment, calculate the recoverable amount and compare it with the related carrying amount and
           recognise the corresponding impairment loss. After that, the Group shall test the asset group or set of
           asset groups including goodwill for impairment. The carrying amount of the related asset group or set of
           asset group is compared to its recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount of the asset group or set of
           asset groups is lower than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is first reduced by the carrying amount
           of the goodwill allocated to the asset group or set of asset groups and then, the carrying amount of other
           assets (excluding goodwill) within the asset group or set of asset groups pro rata based on the carrying
           amount of each asset. The above losses from assets impairment will not be reversed in subsequent
           accounting periods once recognized.


     (XXI) Long-term deferred expenses


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           Long-term deferred expenses refer to the expenses which have been already incurred but will be borne in
           this period and in the future with an amortization period of over 1 year.


           The amortisation period and amortisation method are as follows:


                                                                                   Amortisation         Amortisation
           Item                                                                           method       period (years)

           Costs of improvements to fixed assets under operating leases         straight-line basis                2-5

     (XXII) Contract liabilities


           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


           The Company presents contractual assets or contractual liabilities in the balance sheet based on the
           relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments. The Company’s
           obligation to transfer goods or provide services to customers for consideration receivable for goods
           received is presented as contract liabilities. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same
           contract are presented by their net amounts.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   299
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXIII) Employee compensation


                 1.    Accounting treatment of short-term compensation


                       ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                       During the accounting period in which employees provide service to the Company, the short-term
                       compensation actually incurred is recognized as liabilities and charged to the current profit or loss
                       or the relevant assets cost.


                       The social insurance premiums and housing fund paid for employees by the Company, as well as
                       the labor union expense and employee education expense accrued according to the provisions,
                       shall be calculated according to the stipulated contribution base and proportion to determine the
                       amount of corresponding employee compensation during the accounting period of employees
                       providing services to the Company.


                       Employee benefits incurred by the Company are charged to current income or loss or the cost of
                       related assets based on the actual amount incurred, of which non-monetary benefits are measured
                       at fair value.


                 2.    Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits


                       ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                       (1)   Defined contribution plan


                             The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment insurance
                             for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments. During the
                             accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount which is calculated
                             based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the provisions of the local place
                             is recognized as liabilities and included in the current profit or loss or costs associated with
                             assets. In addition, the Company also participates in the Enterprise Annuity Plan of China
                             Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited as approved by the relevant national
                             authorities. The Company makes payments to the local social insurance institutions in a
                             certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding expense included in
                             the current profit or loss or related asset cost. The Company may not utilize any forfeited
                             contributions to reduce the current contributions.




300   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXIII) Employee compensation (Continued)


          2.   Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)


               (2)   Defined benefit scheme


                     The Company shall attribute the welfare obligations under the defined benefit scheme in
                     accordance with the estimated accrued benefit method to the service period of relevant
                     employee, and record the obligation in current profit or loss or costs of relevant assets.


                     The deficit or surplus generated from the present value of obligations of the defined benefit
                     scheme minus the fair value of the assets of defined benefit scheme is recognized as net
                     liabilities or net assets. When the defined benefit scheme has surplus, the Company will
                     measure the net assets of the defined benefit scheme at the lower of the surplus of defined
                     benefit scheme and the upper limit of the assets.


                     All defined benefit plans obligations, including the expected duty of payment within 12
                     months after the end of annual Reporting Period during which the staff provided service, were
                     discounted based on the bond market yield of sovereign bond matching the term of defined
                     benefit plans obligations and currency or corporate bonds of high quality in the active market
                     on the balance sheet date.


                     The service cost incurred by defined benefit scheme and the net interest of the net liabilities
                     and net assets of the defined benefit scheme would be charged into the current profits and
                     loss or relevant costs of assets. The changes generated from the re-measurement of the
                     net liabilities or net assets of the defined benefit scheme would be included in the other
                     comprehensive income and are not reversed to profit or loss in a subsequent accounting
                     period. The portion originally included in other comprehensive income is carried forward
                     to unallocated profit to the extent of equity upon termination of the original defined benefit
                     schemes.


                     When the defined benefit scheme is settled, the gain or loss is recognized based on the
                     difference between the present value of obligations and the settlement price of the defined
                     benefit scheme as at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   301
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXIII) Employee compensation (Continued)


                 3.    Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       As to providing employees dismissal benefits, employee compensation incurred from dismissal
                       benefits should be recognized as liabilities and included in the current profit or loss at the date when
                       the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the
                       cancellation of labor relationship or the layoff proposal or when the Company recognizes the cost
                       related to restructuring concerning payment of dismissal benefits (whichever is earlier).


                 4.    Accounting methods for other long-term employee benefits


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (XXIV) Lease liabilities


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 On the commencement date of the lease term, the Company recognises the present value of the lease
                 payments that have not been paid as lease liabilities, except for short-term leases and low-value asset
                 leases. In calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Company uses the leased interest
                 rate as the discount rate; if the interest rate of the lease cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
                 borrowing rate is used as the discount rate. The Company calculates interest expenses of lease liabilities
                 in each period of the lease term based on the constant periodic interest rate and recognises the interest
                 expenses in profit or loss for the current period, except for those that are stipulated to be recognised
                 in related asset costs. The variable lease payments that are not included in the measurement of the
                 lease liabilities are recognised in profit or loss when incurred, except for those that are stipulated to be
                 recognised in related asset costs.


                 After the commencement date of the lease term, in the event of change in the actual fixed payment
                 amount, change in the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guaranteed, change in
                 the index or ratio used to determine the lease payment, or change in the assessment results or actual
                 exercise rights of the call option, renewal option or termination option, the Company re-measures the
                 lease liability based on the present value of the changed lease payments.




302   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXV) Provisions


          ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


          Where the obligation related to contingency meets all the following conditions simultaneously, it may be
          recognized as provisions by the Company:


          (1)   This obligation is a present obligation of the Company;


          (2)   The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from the
                Company;


          (3)   The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.


          Provisions of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses required for the
          performance of relevant present obligations.


          When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks, uncertainties,
          time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time value of money is
          significant, the best estimate shall be determined after discounting the relevant future outflow of cash.


          If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of all the
          outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate shall be determined at the median range within
          the range; in other cases, the best estimate shall be accounted for as follows in different circumstances:


          •     If contingencies involve a single item, the best estimate shall be determined at the amount most
                likely incurred.


          •     If contingencies involve multiple items, the best estimate shall be calculated and determined at
                possible outcomes and related probabilities.


          When all or part of the expenses necessary for the settlement of an estimated liability of the Company is
          expected to be compensated by a third party, the compensation should be separately recognized as an
          asset only when it is virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The amount recognized for
          the compensation should not exceed the carrying amount of the estimated liability.


          On the balance sheet date, the carrying amount of provisions shall be reviewed. If there is conclusive
          evidence that the best estimate cannot be reflected, the carrying amount shall be adjusted based on the
          current best estimate.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   303
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXVI) Other equity instruments


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 In accordance with the terms of the contract and the economic substance of the issued perpetual bonds
                 reflected therein rather than in legal form only, the Company classifies the financial instrument or its
                 components as financial assets, financial liabilities or equity instruments upon initial recognition.


                 Financial instruments such as perpetual bond issued by the Company meeting one of the following
                 conditions, shall be classified as financial liabilities as a whole or its components at initial recognition:


                 (1)   The Company cannot unconditionally avoid contractual obligations performing by delivering cash or
                       other financial assets;


                 (2)   Contract obligations including delivery of variable number of own equity instruments for settlement;


                 (3)   It includes derivative instruments that are settled by their own equity, and the derivative instruments
                       cannot exchange fixed amount of cash or other financial assets with fixed amount of their own
                       equity instruments for settlement;


                 (4)   There are contract terms that indirectly form contractual obligations;


                 (5)   When the issuer liquidates, the perpetual bonds are in the same order as the ordinary bonds and
                       other debts issued by the issuer.


                 Financial instruments such as perpetual bonds/preference shares that do not meet any of the above
                 conditions shall be classified as equity instruments at initial recognition.


                 The perpetual bonds issued by the Company have no maturity date. After the maturity date, the Company
                 has the right to make unlimited renewals. For coupon interest of perpetual bonds, the Company has the
                 right to make deferred payment. Those that the Company has no contractual obligation to pay cash or
                 other financial assets shall be classified as equity instruments.




304   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXVII) Revenue


          1.    Accounting policies adopted for income recognition and measurement


                ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                The Company recognizes the income when its performance obligations as stipulated in the contract
                are fulfilled, that is, when the customer obtained control of the related goods or services. The
                acquisition of control over the related goods or services is defined as the ability to dominate the use
                of the goods or services and derive substantially all of the economic benefits therefrom.


                Where the contract contains two or more performance obligations, the Company will, on the
                contract start date, allocate the transaction price to each individual performance obligation in
                the proportion of the individual selling price of the goods or services for which each individual
                performance obligation is committed. The Company measures revenue based on the transaction
                price apportioned to each individual performance obligation.


                The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled
                as a result of the transfer of goods or provision of services to the customer, excluding amounts
                collected on behalf of third parties and amounts that the Company expects to refund to the
                customer. The Company determines the transaction price based on the terms of the contract,
                taking into account its past customary practice, and considers the impact of variable consideration,
                the existence of significant financing components in the contract, non-cash consideration, and
                consideration payable to the customer in determining the transaction price. The Company
                determines the transaction price that includes variable consideration by an amount not exceeding
                the amount for which it is highly probable that there will be no material reversal of the cumulative
                recognized revenue at the time the relevant uncertainty is removed. For contracts with a significant
                financing component, the Company determines the transaction price based on the amount
                payable in cash assuming that the customer will pay for the goods or services as soon as control is
                obtained, and amortizes the difference between this transaction price and the contract consideration
                over the term of the contract using the effective interest rate method. If the Company meets one of
                the following conditions, it is deemed to fulfill the performance obligations within a certain period of
                time; otherwise, it is deemed to so at a certain point of time:


                •      The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the Company’s
                       performance while the Company is performing the contract.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    305
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


                 1.    Accounting policies adopted for income recognition and measurement (Continued)


                       •     The customer can control the commodities under construction during the Company’s
                             performance.


                       •     The commodities produced by the Company during the performance of the contract have
                             irreplaceable uses, and the Company has the right to receive payment for the accumulated
                             performance of the contract so far throughout the contract period.


                       For performance obligations to be performed within a certain period of time, the Company
                       recognizes revenue in accordance with the progress of performance over that period, except
                       when the progress of performance cannot be reasonably determined. The Company determines
                       the progress of performance using the output method or the input method, taking into account
                       the nature of the goods or services. When there is no reasonable certainty of the progress of
                       performance, revenue is recognized at the costs incurred when the costs incurred are expected to
                       be reimbursed until the progress of performance can be reasonably determined.


                       The Company recognizes the income from the performance obligations to be performed at certain
                       time, that is, when the customer obtained control of the related goods or services. In determining
                       whether a customer has acquired control of goods or services, the Company considers the following
                       indications:


                       •     The Company has a present right to receive payment in respect of the commodity or services,
                             i.e. the customer has a present payment obligation in respect of the commodity or services.


                       •     The Company has transferred the legal title to the commodity to the customer, i.e. the
                             customer has the legal title to the commodity.


                       •     The Company has transferred the physical commodity to the customer, i.e. the customer has
                             taken physical possession of the commodity.


                       •     The Company has transferred to the customer the principal risks and rewards of ownership of
                             the commodity, i.e. the customer has acquired principal risks and rewards with respect to the
                             title to the commodity.


                       •     The customer has accepted the goods or services, etc.




306   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


          2.    Revenue recognition of the Company


               (1)   Sales agreement of goods


                     The sales agreement of goods entered into between the Company and its customers usually
                     only includes the performance obligations of the transferred goods. The Company usually
                     recognises the revenue at the time of transfer of control, taking into account the following
                     factors: obtaining the current collection rights of the goods, transfer of the key risks and
                     rewards of the ownership of the goods, transfer of the legal ownership of the goods, transfer
                     of physical assets of goods and customers’ acceptance of the goods.


               (2)   Service agreement


                     The service agreement entered into between the Company and its customers usually
                     includes performance obligations such as system integration. As the services provided by the
                     Company during the performance of the agreement have irreplaceable uses, and during the
                     entire contract period, the Company has the right to take the revenue from the completion of
                     performance of the agreement accumulated to date as the performance obligation performed
                     within a certain period of time, and recognise the revenue based on the performance
                     progress, except where the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The
                     Company determines the performance progress for the services provided in accordance
                     with the input method. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined,
                     if the costs incurred by the Company are expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
                     recognised based on the amount of costs incurred, until the performance progress can be
                     reasonably determined.


               (3)   Construction contract


                     The construction contract entered into between the Company and its customers usually
                     includes performance obligations such as construction services. As the customers can control
                     the assets under construction in the performance of the Company, the Company considers
                     them as performance obligations within a certain period of time, and recognises the revenue
                     based on the performance progress, except where the performance progress cannot be
                     reasonably determined. The Company determines the performance progress for the services
                     provided in accordance with the input method and the costs occurred. When the performance
                     progress cannot be reasonably determined, if the costs incurred by the Company are
                     expected to be compensated, the revenue will be recognised based on the amount of costs
                     incurred, until the performance progress can be reasonably determined.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   307
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


                 2.    Revenue recognition of the Company (Continued)


                       (4)   Variable considerations


                             The contracts between the Company and its certain customers containing changes, claims
                             and reward arrangements, which forms a variable consideration. The Company determines
                             the best estimate of the variable consideration based on the expected value or the most
                             probable value. However, the sales price including variable considerations should not exceed
                             the amount accumulatively recognised which is not likely to be significantly reversed when the
                             uncertainty disappears.


                       (5)   Return clauses


                             In connection with sales with a return clause, revenue is recognised according to the amount
                             of consideration it expects to be entitled to for the transfer to a customer when the customer
                             acquires control of the relevant. Amounts expected to be refunded for the return of sales are
                             recognised as estimated liabilities. At the same time, the balance of the carrying value of
                             the product expected to be returned upon transfer less expected costs for the recall of such
                             product (including impairment loss of the recalled product) shall be recognised as an asset (i.e.
                             cost of return receivables), and the net amount of the carrying value of the transferred product
                             upon the transfer less the aforesaid asset cost shall be transferred to cost. At each balance
                             sheet date, the Company reassesses the future return of sales and re-measures the above
                             assets and liabilities.


                       (6)   Significant financing component


                             If the contract includes significant financing component, the Company determines the
                             transaction price based on the amount payable under the assumption that the customer
                             pays that amount payable in cash when “control” of the goods is obtained by the customer.
                             By discounting the nominal amount of the contract consideration to the discount rate of the
                             current selling price of the goods, the difference between the transaction price determined
                             and the contract consideration of the contract committed shall be amortised within the contract
                             period using effective interest rate method. If the Company expects that the period between
                             when the Company transfers a promised good to a customer and when the customer pays for
                             that good will be one year or less, the Company needs not to consider the significant financing
                             component.




308   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


          2.    Revenue recognition of the Company (Continued)


               (7)   Quality assurance obligation


                     According to the contractual agreement, legal provisions, etc., the Company provides quality
                     assurance for the goods sold or assets constructed. For assurance-type quality assurance to
                     the customers to ensure that the goods sold meet the established standards, the Company
                     performs accounting treatment in accordance with Note “V. (XXV) Provisions”. For service-type
                     quality assurance for a separate service provided in addition to ensuring to the customers
                     that the goods sold meet the established standards, the Company considers it as a single
                     performance obligation, and according to the relative proportion of the individual selling prices
                     for providing quality assurance for goods and services, amortises part of the transaction price
                     to the service-type quality assurance, and recognises the revenue when the customer obtains
                     control of the service. In assessing whether the quality assurance provides a separate service
                     in addition to ensuring to the customers that the goods sold meet the established standards,
                     the Company considers whether the quality assurance is a statutory requirement, a quality
                     assurance period and the nature of the Company’s commitment to perform its tasks and other
                     factors.


               (8)   Principal/agent


                     For the Company to obtain control of the goods or other assets from a third party and then
                     transfer it to the customer, the Company has the right to determine the price of the goods
                     traded at its own discretion, that is, the Company is a principal if it controls the specified good
                     before that good is transferred to a customer, and the revenue shall be recognised based
                     on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise, the Company is an agent, and
                     the revenue shall be recognised based on the amount of commission or handling fee that
                     is expected to be charged, and such amount shall be determined based on the net amount
                     of the total consideration received or receivable after deducting the prices payable to other
                     related parties or according to the established commission amount or proportion.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    309
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


                 2.    Revenue recognition of the Company (Continued)


                       (9)   Change in contract


                             When there is a change to the construction contract entered into between the Company and
                             its customers:


                             1)     If the change in contract adds a clearly distinguishable construction service and
                                    contract price, and the new contract price reflects the individual selling price of the new
                                    construction service, the Company will consider the change in contract as a separate
                                    contract for accounting treatment;


                             2)     If the change in contract does not fall within the circumstances stated in item 1) above,
                                    and the transferred construction service and the construction service which has not
                                    been transferred can be clearly distinguished at the date of change in contract, the
                                    Company considers it as termination of the original contract, and at the same time, the
                                    non-performance part of the original contract and the modified part of the contract will be
                                    combined into a new contract for accounting treatment;


                             3)     If the change in contract does not fall within the circumstances stated in item 1) above,
                                    and the transferred construction service and the construction service which has not
                                    been transferred cannot be clearly distinguished at the date of change in contract, the
                                    Company will make the modified part of the contract as an integral part of the original
                                    contract for accounting treatment, of which the impact on the recognised revenue as
                                    a result of such change will be adjusted as the revenue for the period on the date of
                                    change in contract.




310   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXVII) Revenue (Continued)


          2.    Revenue recognition of the Company (Continued)


               (10) Franchise contract (“BOT Contract”)


                     The franchise activities under the BOT Contract usually include building, operation and
                     transfer.


                     During the construction phase, the Company recognizes the contractual income for
                     construction services in accordance with the accounting policy of the construction contract
                     above and determines whether the Company is a principal or an agent in accordance with
                     the accounting policy of the principal/agent above, and if the Company is the principal, the
                     revenue of the construction service is recognized for performance progress. The Company
                     recognises contract assets while recognising the revenue to the extent that it has an
                     unconditional contractual right to receive a definite amount of cash or another financial asset
                     from the grantor within a certain period after the completion of the infrastructure prescribed in
                     the contract; if the Company is an agent, the construction service revenue is not recognised,
                     and contract assets shall be recognised after considering the provisions in the contract with
                     reference to the project consideration payable in the course of construction.


                     During the operation phase, the contract assets and the revenue are both recognised when
                     services are provided and a receivable is recognised to the extent that the Company has the
                     right to receive the consideration (such right is conditional only on the passage of time); the
                     daily maintenance or repair costs incurred are recognised as current expenses.


               (11) Build and transfer contract (“BT Contract”)


                     The activities under the BT Contract usually include building and transfer. For the construction
                     services provided by the Company, during the construction phase, the relevant construction
                     service contract revenue is recognised in accordance with the accounting policies of the
                     construction contract mentioned above. The construction contract revenue is measured at the
                     fair value of the consideration receivable and the “long-term receivable” is recognised by using
                     the effective interest rate and measured at amortised cost, and is eliminated upon the receipt
                     of payment from the owner.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   311
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXVIII) Contract costs


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 Contract costs include contract performance costs and contract acquisition costs.


                 Costs incurred by the Company to perform a contract that are not regulated by the relevant standards,
                 such as inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, are recognised as a contract performance cost as
                 an asset when the following conditions are met:


                 •     Where such cost is directly related to a current or expected contract.


                 •     Where such cost increases the resources of the Company for fulfilling its performance obligations in
                       the future.


                 •     Where such cost is expected to be recovered.


                 If the incremental cost of the Company is expected to be recovered, the contract acquisition cost shall be
                 recognised as an asset.


                 Assets related to the contract costs are amortized on the same basis as the recognition of the revenue of
                 the goods or services related to the asset; however, if the amortization period of the contract acquisition
                 costs is less than one year, the Company will include such costs in the current profit or loss when
                 incurred.


                 For the assets related to contract costs whose carrying amount is higher than the difference between the
                 following two items, the Company will make provision for impairment for the excess and recognize it as
                 asset impairment loss:


                 1.    Where the remaining consideration is expected to be obtained by the transfer of goods or services
                       related to the asset;


                 2.    Where the costs are estimated to occur for the transfer of the relevant goods or services.


                 If the said difference is higher than the carrying amount of the asset due to changes in the impairment
                 factors in the previous period, the originally accrued impairment reserve shall be reversed and included in
                 the current profit or loss, but the reversed asset carrying amount shall not exceed the carrying amount of
                 the asset on the date of reversal assuming that the impairment reserve is not accrued.




312   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXIX) Government subsidies


          ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


          1.   Type


               Government subsidies are monetary assets or non-monetary assets obtained by the Company
               from the government for free, which are classified into government subsidies related to assets and
               government subsidies related to income.


               Asset-related government subsidies refer to government subsidies obtained by the Company for
               forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Government subsidies
               related to income refer to government subsidies other than those related to assets.


          2.   Timing of recognition


               Government subsidies shall be recognized only if the Company is able to comply with the conditions
               for the government subsidies, and is likely to receive the government subsidies.


          3.   Accounting treatment


               Government subsidies related to assets shall be used to offset the carrying amount of relevant
               assets or recognized as deferred income. Where such subsidies are recognized as the deferred
               income, they will be included in current profit or loss in accordance with the reasonable and
               systematic methods within useful lives of related assets (where such subsidies are related to the
               daily activities of the Company, they will be included in other income; where such subsidies are not
               related to the daily activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating income);


               Government subsidies relating to income used to compensate for relevant costs or losses which
               will occur in the following period in the Company shall be recognized as deferred income, and,
               during the period when relevant costs or losses are recognized, be included in current profit or loss
               (where government subsidies relating to income are relevant to routine activities of the Company,
               such subsidies shall be included in other income; where government subsidies relating to income
               are irrelevant to routine activities of the Company, such subsidies shall be included in non-operating
               income) or used to offset relevant costs or losses; government subsidies relating to income used to
               compensate for relevant costs or losses incurred in the Company shall be included in current profit
               or loss (where such subsidies are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included in
               other income; where such subsidies are unrelated to the daily activities of the Company, they will be
               included in non-operating income) or used to offset relevant costs or losses.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   313
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXIX) Government subsidies (Continued)


                 3.    Accounting treatment (Continued)


                       The Company receives the interest grants with policy reference and treats in different ways in
                       accordance with the following situations:


                       (1)   If the financial authorities allocate the interest subsidies to the lending bank, and the lending
                             bank provides the loan to the Company at the preferential interest rate according to relevant
                             policies, the Company takes the actually received loan amount as the recorded value of
                             the loan, and calculates the relevant borrowing costs based on the loan principal and the
                             preferential interest rate.


                       (2)   If the financial authorities directly allocate the interest subsidies to the Company, the Company
                             will offset the corresponding interest subsidies against the relevant borrowing costs.


           (XXX) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax arising
                 from business mergers and such transactions or items as are directly included in shareholders’ equity
                 (including other comprehensive income), the Company shall include the current income tax and the
                 deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.


                 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated and recognized based on differences
                 (temporary differences) between tax base and carrying amount of the assets and liabilities.


                 Deferred tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent that it shall not
                 exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future periods to be against the deductible temporary
                 difference. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried forward to subsequent periods,
                 the Company recognized deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
                 available against which the deductible losses and tax credits can be utilized.


                 Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred tax liabilities except in special circumstances.


                 Such special circumstances for not recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities include:


                 •     Initial recognition of goodwill;


                 •     A transaction or event that is neither a business combination nor, when incurred, affects accounting
                       profit and taxable income (or deductible loss).


314   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXX) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)


          For the taxable temporary differences related to the investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
          ventures, the deferred tax liabilities should be recognized, unless that the timing of the reversal of the
          temporary differences is able to be controlled by the Company and the temporary differences will be
          probable not to be reversed in the foreseeable future. For deductible temporary differences arising from
          investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when the temporary difference will reverse
          in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
          differences can be used, the deferred tax asset will be recognized.


          On the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities should be measured at the
          applicable tax rate during the period of expected recovery of the relevant assets or liquidation of the
          relevant assets according to the provisions of tax laws.


          On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets. If it is
          unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income taxes to offset the benefit of the deferred tax assets, the
          carrying amount of the deferred tax assets shall be written down. When it is likely to earn sufficient
          taxable income, the write-down amount should be reversed.


          If the Company has the legal right of netting and intends to settle in net amount or to obtain assets and
          discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax liabilities of the Company shall
          be presented based on the net amount after offset.


          On the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities shall be listed by the net
          amount after offset if:


          •     The taxpayer has the statutory right to settle the current tax assets and current tax liabilities with net
                amount;


          •     Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are related to the income tax which are imposed
                on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or on different taxpayers, but, in each
                important future period in connection with the reverse of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the
                involved taxpayer intends to balance tax assets and liabilities for this period with net settlement at
                the time of obtaining assets and discharging liabilities, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    315
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXI) Leases


                 Lease refers to a contract in which the lessor transfers the right to use the assets to the lessee within
                 a certain period to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the Company evaluates
                 whether the contract is or includes a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right to control the use
                 of one or more identified assets for a certain period of time in exchange for consideration, the contract is
                 or includes a lease.


                 If the contract contains multiple separate leases at the same time, the Company may split the contract,
                 and account for each lease separately. If the contract includes both lease and non-lease parts, the lessee
                 and the lessor shall split them.


                 For rent concessions such as rent concessions and deferred payments entered into in connection with
                 existing leases that are directly triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak and that also meet the following
                 conditions, the Company applies the simplified method to all lease options and does not assess whether
                 a lease change has occurred or reassess the lease classification:


                 •     The lease consideration after the reduction decreases or remains substantially unchanged from that
                       before the concession, where the lease consideration is either undiscounted or discounted at the
                       pre-concession discount rate;


                 •     Other terms and conditions of the leases are determined to have not changed significantly after
                       considering qualitative and quantitative factors together.


                 The above simplified method was no longer applicable as of 30 June 2022.


                 1.    The Company as the lessee


                       (1)   Right-of-use assets


                             At the commencement of the lease term, the Company recognizes the right-of-use assets
                             for leases other than short-term and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are initially
                             measured at cost, which includes:


                             •      The initial measurement amount of the lease liability;


                             •      The lease payment made on or before the commencement of the lease term, or the
                                    relevant amount after deducting the lease incentive already enjoyed if any;


                             •      Initial direct costs incurred by the Company;


                             •      The Company expects to incur costs for dismantling and removing leased assets,
                                    restoring the site of the leased assets to its original condition, or restoring leased assets
                                    to their original condition, excluding costs incurred for the production of inventories.

316   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


          1.   The Company as the lessee (Continued)


               (1)   Right-of-use assets (Continued)


                     The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line method to accrue depreciation for the
                     right-to-use assets. If ownership of the leased assets can be obtained with reasonable
                     certainty at the end of the lease term, the Company depreciates the leased assets over their
                     remaining useful lives; otherwise, the leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the
                     lease term and the remaining useful life of the leased assets.


                     The Company determines whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for the
                     identified impairment loss in accordance with the principles described in Note “V. (XX)
                     Impairment of long-term assets”.


               (2)   Lease Liabilities


                     At the commencement of the lease term, the Company recognizes lease liabilities for leases
                     other than short-term and low-value asset leases. The lease liabilities are initially measured at
                     the present value of the unpaid lease payments. Lease payments include:


                     •     Fixed payment (including substantial fixed payment), and the relevant amount after
                           deducting the lease incentive if any;


                     •     Variable lease payments depending on index or ratio;


                     •     Estimated payments due according to the guaranteed residual value provided by the
                           Company;


                     •     Exercise price of the purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably
                           determines that the option will be exercised;


                     •     The amount to be paid for the exercise of the lease termination options, provided that
                           the lease term reflects that the Company will exercise the options to terminate the lease;


                     The Company uses the interest rate implicit in lease as the discount rate, but if the interest
                     rate implicit in the lease cannot be reasonably determined, the Company uses the incremental
                     borrowing rate as the discount rate.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    317
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


                 1.    The Company as the lessee (Continued)


                       (2)   Lease Liabilities (Continued)


                             The Company calculates the interest expense of the lease liabilities in each the lease term at
                             a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes it in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.


                             Variable lease payments that are not included in the lease liabilities are included in current
                             profit or loss or related asset costs when incurred.


                             The Company remeasures the lease liability and adjusts the corresponding right-of-use asset
                             if, after the lease commencement date, the following circumstances occur. If the carrying
                             amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero, but the lease liability is still subject to
                             further reduction, the difference is recognized in profit or loss:


                             •      When the appraisal results of the purchase option, lease renewal option or termination
                                    option change, or when the actual exercise of the aforementioned options is inconsistent
                                    with the original appraisal results, the Company re-measures the lease liability at the
                                    present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;


                             •      When there is a change in the substantive fixed payment amount, a change in the
                                    amount expected to be payable for the guaranteed residual value or a change in the
                                    index or rate used to determine the lease payment amount, the Company re-measures
                                    the lease liability at the present value calculated from the changed lease payment
                                    amount and the original discount rate. However, if the change in the lease payment
                                    amount results from a change in the floating interest rate, the present value is calculated
                                    using the revised discount rate.


                       (3)   Short-term and low-value asset leases


                             The Company chooses not to recognize the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-
                             term and low-value asset leases, and includes the related lease payments in the current
                             profit or loss or related asset costs with the straight-line method in each lease term. Short-
                             term lease refers to a lease that lasts for no more than 12 months and includes no purchase
                             options at the commencement of the lease term. Low-value asset lease refers to a lease with
                             lower value when the individual leased assets are brand new assets. If the Company sublets
                             or anticipates subletting the leased assets, the original lease is not a low-value asset lease.




318   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


          1.   The Company as the lessee (Continued)


               (4)   Lease change


                     If a lease changes and meets all the following conditions, the Company will account for the
                     lease change as a separate lease:


                     •    The lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding one or more rights to use
                          the leased assets;


                     •    The increased consideration is equivalent to the individual price of the expanded part
                          adjusted according to the contract.


                     If the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Company shall, on the
                     effective date of the lease change, re-allocate the consideration of the changed contract, re-
                     determine the lease term, and remeasure the lease liabilities at the present value calculated
                     based on the changed lease payment and the revised discount rate.


                     If a lease change results in a reduction in the scope of the lease or a shortening of the lease
                     term, the Company reduces the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset accordingly and
                     recognizes the gain or loss related to the partial or complete termination of the lease in current
                     profit or loss. If other lease changes result in a remeasurement of the lease liability, the
                     Company adjusts the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset accordingly.


               (5)   Rent concessions related to the COVID-19 epidemic


                     For the adoption of the simplified method of rent concessions related to the COVID-19
                     epidemic, the Company does not assess whether a lease change has occurred, continues
                     to calculate interest expense on lease liabilities at the same discount rate as before the
                     concessions and record it in current profit or loss, and continues to depreciate right-of-use
                     assets in the same manner as before the concessions. When a rent reduction or exemption
                     occurs, the Company treats the reduced or exempted rent as variable lease payments and
                     reduces the related asset cost or expense by the amount discounted at the undiscounted or
                     pre-reduction discount rate when the original rent payment obligation is discharged, such as
                     when a reduction agreement is reached, and adjusts the lease liability accordingly; if the rent
                     payment is deferred, the Company reduces the lease liability recognized in prior periods when
                     the actual payment is made. The above simplified method was no longer applicable as of 30
                     June 2022.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    319
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


                 1.    The Company as the lessee (Continued)


                       (5)   Rent concessions related to the COVID-19 epidemic (Continued)


                             For short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, the Company continues to charge the
                             original contractual rents to the cost or expense of the related assets in a manner consistent
                             with that before the impairment. When a rent concession occurs, the Company recognizes the
                             reduced rent as variable lease payment and reduces the cost or expense of the related assets
                             in the period of the reduction; when a rent payment is deferred, the Company recognizes the
                             rent payable as a payable in the original payment period and reduces the payable recognized
                             in prior periods when the actual payment is made.


                 2.    The Company as lessor


                       On the lease commencement date, the Company divides the lease into financial lease and
                       operating lease. Financial leasing refers to the leasing that transfers almost all the risks and returns
                       related to the ownership of the leased asset, regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately
                       transferred or not. The term “operating lease” refers to a lease other than a financial lease. When
                       the Company is the sub-lessee, the sublease is classified based on the right-to-use assets
                       generated from the original lease contract.


                       (1)   Accounting for operating lease


                             The lease amount received under operating leases are recognized as rental income according
                             to the straight-line method in each period of the lease term. The Company capitalizes the
                             initial direct expenses related to operating lease and amortizes them into the current profit and
                             loss according to the same basis as the recognition of rental income during the lease term.
                             The variable lease payments excluded from the lease receipts shall be included in the current
                             profits and losses when they are actually incurred. In case of any change in the operating
                             lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment for it as a new lease from the effective
                             date of the change, and the amount received in advance or lease receivables before the
                             change will be regarded as the receivables from the new lease.




320   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


          2.   The Company as lessor (Continued)


               (2)   Accounting for financial lease


                     On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes the financial lease receivable
                     and derecognizes the financial lease assets. The net investment in the lease is taken as the
                     entry value of the financial lease receivable as the Company initially measures the financial
                     lease receivable. The net investment in a lease is the sum of the present value of the
                     unguaranteed residual value and future lease payments at the beginning of the lease term,
                     discounted at the interest rate implicit in lease.


                     The Company calculates and recognizes the interest income of each period in the lease term
                     according to the fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of financial
                     lease receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with the requirements set out in Note “V.
                     (X) Financial Instruments”.


                     The variable lease payments excluded from the measurement of net investment in lease shall
                     be included in the current profit and loss when they are actually incurred.


                     If the financial lease changes and meets the following conditions at the same time, the
                     Company will treat the change as a separate lease for accounting treatment:


                     •     The change expands the lease scope by increasing the right-to-use of one or more
                           leased assets;


                     •     The increased consideration is equivalent to the individual price of the expanded part of
                           the lease scope adjusted according to the contract conditions.


                     If the change of financial lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Company will
                     deal with the changed lease under the following circumstances:


                     •     If the change takes effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will be classified
                           as an operating lease, and the Company will treat it as a new lease from the effective
                           date of the lease change, and take the net lease investment before the effective date of
                           the lease change as the carrying amount of the leased assets;


                     •     If the change takes effect on the commencement date of the lease, the lease will be
                           classified as a financial lease, and the Company will carry out accounting treatment
                           according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating a contract set out in “Note V. (X)
                           Financial Instruments”.

                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   321
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


                 2.    The Company as lessor (Continued)


                       (3)   Rental concessions related to the COVID-19 pandemic


                             •      For operating leases that adopt the simplified methods of rental concessions related
                                    to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company continues to recognize the original contract
                                    rent as rental income in the same way as before the concession. In the event of a rental
                                    reduction, the reduced rental is treated as variable lease payments by the Company,
                                    and the rental income will be offset during the concession period; in the event of a
                                    deferred rental collection, rent collection is recognized as receivables by the Company
                                    during the original collection period, and the previously recognized receivables will be
                                    offset when the actual collection is made.


                             •      For finance leases that adopt the simplified methods of rental concessions related to
                                    the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company continues to calculate the interest based on
                                    the discount rate consistent with that before the concession and recognize it as rental
                                    income. In the event of a rental reduction, the reduced rental will be treated as variable
                                    lease payments by the Company. When the rent collection right is waived, such as
                                    when a reduction agreement is reached, the amount discounted at the undiscounted
                                    or pre-reduction discount rate is offset against the originally recognized lease income,
                                    and the shortfall is credited to investment income, and the finance lease receivables
                                    are adjusted accordingly. In the event of a deferred rental collection, the previously
                                    recognized finance lease receivables will be offset when the actual collection is made.


                 3.    Sale and leaseback transaction


                       The Company assesses and determines whether the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback
                       transaction is sale according to the principles set out in Note “V. (XXVII) Income”.


                       (1)   The Company as lessee


                             If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction is a sale, the Company, as the
                             lessee, measures the right-of-use assets according to the carrying amount of the original
                             assets regarding the right-of-use obtained by the leaseback, and only recognizes the relevant
                             gains or losses for the right transferred to the lessor. If the asset transfer in the sale and
                             leaseback transaction is not a sale, the Company, as the lessee, continues to recognize the
                             transferred assets and recognize a financial liability whose amount equal to the transferred
                             income at the same time. For the accounting treatment of financial liabilities, please refer to
                             Note “V. (X) Financial Instruments”.



322   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXI) Leases (Continued)


          3.   Sale and leaseback transaction (Continued)


               (2)   The Company as a lessor


                     If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction is considered as sales, the
                     Company, as the lessor, shall record the asset purchase and the asset lease in accordance
                     with the policy in the aforesaid “2. The Company as lessor”. If the asset transfer in the sale
                     and leaseback transaction is not considered as sales, the Company, as the lessor, shall not
                     recognize the transferred asset, but recognize an equal amount in financial assets. For the
                     accounting treatment of financial assets, please refer to Note “V. (X) Financial Instruments”.


     (XXXII) Hedge Accounting


          1.   Classification of hedging


               (1)   Fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset or
                     liability or an unrecognised firm commitment (except foreign exchange risk).


               (2)   Cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either
                     attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly
                     probable forecast transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.


               (3)   Hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation is a hedge of the exposure to foreign
                     exchange risk associated with a net investment in a foreign operation. Net investment in a
                     foreign operation is the share of interest in the net asset of the foreign operation.


          2.   Designation of the hedge relationship and recognition of the effectiveness of hedging


               At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates the hedge relationship
               and documents the hedge relationship, the risk management objective and its strategy for
               undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the nature and quantity of the
               hedging instrument, the nature and quantity of the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged,
               the type of hedging and how the Company will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness.
               Hedging instrument’s effectiveness means the degree of the change of fair value and cash flow of
               the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash
               flows attributable to the hedged risk.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   323
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXII) Hedge Accounting (Continued)


                 2.    Designation of the hedge relationship and recognition of the effectiveness of hedging
                       (Continued)


                       The hedge is assessed by the Company for effectiveness on an ongoing basis and judged
                       whether it meets the requirements for the effectiveness of using hedge accounting throughout the
                       accounting periods for which the hedging relationship was designated. Provided the discontent of
                       the requirements, the application of a hedge shall be terminated.


                       The application of hedge accounting shall meet the following requirements on the effectiveness of
                       the hedge:


                       (1)   There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


                       (2)   The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                             relationship.


                       (3)   The appropriate hedge ratio will not cause the imbalance of relative weight between the
                             hedged item and the hedging instrument, thus generating accounting results inconsistent with
                             the hedge accounting objectives. If the hedge ratio is no longer inappropriate, but the hedge
                             risk management objectives do not change, the amount of the hedged item or the hedging
                             instrument shall be adjusted, so that the hedge ratio can re-meet the requirements on the
                             effectiveness.


                 3.    Criteria for hedge accounting


                       (1)   Fair value hedges


                             The change in the fair value of a hedging derivative is recognized in the current profit or loss.
                             The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as
                             a part of the carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognized in the current profit or
                             loss.


                             For fair value hedges relating to financial instruments carried at amortized cost, the adjustment
                             to carrying amount is amortized through the current profit or loss over the remaining term to
                             maturity. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged financial instrument for which the
                             effective interest method is used is amortized to the current profit or loss. Amortization may
                             begin as soon as an adjustment exists and shall begin no later than when the hedged item
                             ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged.




324   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXII) Hedge Accounting (Continued)


          3.   Criteria for hedge accounting (Continued)


               (1)   Fair value hedges (Continued)


                     If the hedged item is derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in
                     the current profit or loss.


                     When an unrecognized firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent
                     cumulative change in the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is
                     recognized as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognized in the current
                     profit or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognized in
                     the current profit or loss.


               (2)   Cash flow hedges


                     The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized directly as
                     other comprehensive income, while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the
                     current profit or loss.


                     Amounts taken to other comprehensive income are transferred to the current profit or loss
                     when the hedged transaction affects the current profit or loss, such as when hedged financial
                     income or financial expense is recognized or when a forecast sale occurs. Where the hedged
                     item is the cost of a non-financial asset or nonfinancial liability, the amounts taken to other
                     comprehensive income are transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial
                     asset or non-financial liability (or originally recognized in other comprehensive income, and
                     transferred in the same period as the profit and loss is affected by the non-financial assets
                     and non-financial debts, the amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss).


                     If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the amounts
                     previously recognized in other comprehensive income are transferred to the current profit or
                     loss. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement
                     or rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, the amounts previously recognised in
                     other comprehensive income remain in there until the forecast transaction or firm commitment
                     affects the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   325
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXII) Hedge Accounting (Continued)


                 3.    Criteria for hedge accounting (Continued)


                       (3)   Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation


                             Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that
                             is accounted for as part of the net investment, are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow
                             hedges. Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the
                             hedge are recognized in other comprehensive income while any gains or losses relating to
                             the ineffective portion are recognized in the current profit or loss. On disposal of the foreign
                             operation, the cumulative value of any such gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred
                             to the current profit or loss.


           (XXXIII) Segment Report


                 The Company determines operating segments based on internal organization structure, management
                 requirements and internal reporting system, determines reporting segments based on operating
                 segments, and disclose the information of the segments.


                 Operating segment refers to the component parts of the Company that meet the following conditions
                 at the same time: (1) the component parts can generate income and incur expenses in daily activities;
                 (2) the Company’s management can regularly evaluate the operating results thereof in order to decide
                 allocation of resources and evaluate their performance; (3) the Company can obtain relevant accounting
                 information such as the financial status, operating results and cash flows of the component parts. If two or
                 more operating segments have similar economic characteristics, and have met a certain condition, they
                 will be merged into one operating segment.


           (XXIV) Fair Value Measurement


                 The Company measures the relevant assets or liabilities at fair value based on the following assumptions:


                 –     The sale of assets or the transfer of liabilities between market participants on the measurement
                       date is conducted in an orderly transaction under current market conditions.


                 –     Such orderly transaction is carried out in the principal market of relevant assets or liabilities. If
                       the principal market does not exist, it is assumed that such transaction is carried out in the most
                       advantageous market for relevant assets or liabilities.


                 –     The assumption used by the market participant in order to maximize the benefits at the time of
                       pricing such assets or liabilities.



326   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXIV) Fair Value Measurement (Continued)


          According to the nature of the said transaction and the characteristic of the said assets or liabilities, the
          Company recognizes the transaction value as the fair value of initial recognition.


          If other relevant accounting standards require or permit the Company to conduct initial measurement on
          the relevant assets or liabilities at the said fair value, and the transaction value is different from the fair
          value, the Company will include relevant gains or losses in the current profit or loss, unless otherwise
          specified in other relevant accounting standards.


          For the measurement of non-financial assets at fair value, the capability of the market participant in
          bringing about economic interest via the best use of such assets, or the capability in selling such assets
          to the other market participant for bringing about economic interest with the best use of such assets
          should be taken into account


          The valuation techniques which are applicable to the current situation and have sufficient usable data
          and other information support are taken into account by the Company for the adoption of valuation
          technique. Relevant observable input values are preferentially adopted for valuation techniques, and the
          unobservable input values can be used only when the observable input values are unable or unpractical
          to be obtained.


          Input values used in the fair value measurement are divided into three levels:


          –     Level 1 input values are unadjusted quoted prices in the active market of identical assets or
                liabilities accessible on the measurement date.


          –     Level 2 input values refer to input values that are directly or indirectly observable for relevant assets
                or liabilities, other than Level 1 input values.


          –     Level 3 input values are unobservable input values for relevant assets or liabilities.


          The level of the measurement result of fair value shall be subject to the lowest level which the input that
          is of great significance to the measurement of fair value as a whole.


          The Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value mainly include: financial assets held for
          trading, receivables for financing, other equity instrument investments, other non-current financial assets
          and financial liabilities held for trading.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    327
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXV) Significant accounting judgments and estimates


                 The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimations
                 and assumption that affect the reported amounts and disclosures of revenues, expenses, assets and
                 liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date. However, uncertainty about
                 these assumptions and estimations could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to
                 the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


                 1.    Judgements


                       In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management has made the following
                       judgements which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
                       statements:


                       (1)   Operating leases – the Group as lessor


                             The Company has entered into operating leases on its investment property portfolio. The
                             Company has determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the
                             arrangements, that it retains all the significant risks and rewards of ownership of these
                             properties which are leased out on operating leases.


                       (2)   Determination of progress towards completion of the performance of obligations for
                             construction contracts


                             The Company uses the input method to determine the progress towards completion of
                             the performance obligations for the construction contracts. To be specific, the Company
                             determines the progress towards completion of the performance obligations on the basis of
                             the percentage of the accumulative actual construction costs incurred to the expected total
                             costs. The accumulative actual costs include the direct and indirect costs incurred during the
                             process of transferring goods to the customers. The Company believes that the construction
                             contract price with the customers is determined on the basis of the construction costs, and
                             the actual construction costs as a percentage of the estimated total costs can accurately
                             reflect the progress of the construction service. The Company determines the progress of
                             contract performance based on the proportion of the cumulative actual construction costs to
                             the estimated total costs, and recognizes revenue accordingly. In view of the long duration
                             of construction contracts, which may span several accounting periods, the Company will
                             review and revise the budget as the construction contracts progress, and adjust the income
                             recognition amount accordingly.




328   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXV) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)


          1.   Judgements (Continued)


               (3)   The division of research stage and development stage of research and development project


                     The Company distinguishes between the research and development stages of internal
                     research and development projects, the research phase for original planned surveys to
                     acquire and understand new scientific or technical knowledge, and the application of research
                     results or other knowledge to a programme or design prior to commercial production or use to
                     produce new or substantially improved materials, installations, products, etc.


          2.   Estimation uncertainty


               The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
               balance sheet date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
               amounts of assets and liabilities within the future accounting periods, are described below.


               (1)   Construction contracts and labour service results


                     The Company recognises revenue based on the percentage of completion of individual
                     contracts providing construction contracts and labour services. The management estimates
                     the percentage of project completion based on the actual costs involved in the total budgeted
                     costs and also estimates the relevant contract revenue. Due to the nature of the activities
                     carried out in the contracts, the dates of the activities and the dates of completion of the
                     activities are usually classified into different accounting periods. The Company will review and
                     revise the budget and contract cost estimates as the contracts progress (if the actual contract
                     revenue is less than the estimated or actual contract costs, provision for the estimated
                     contract losses is to be made).


               (2)   Impairment of financial instruments and contract assets


                     The Company has adopted the expected credit loss model to evaluate the impairment of
                     financial instruments and contract assets. The application of the expected credit loss model
                     requires significant judgement and estimates and the consideration of all reasonable and
                     soundly based information, including forward-looking information. In making such judgement
                     and estimates, the Company estimates the projected movements of the debtor’s credit
                     risk according to past repayment records, economic policies, macro-economic indicators
                     and industry risks, etc. Differences in estimates may have an impact on the provision for
                     Impairment. A provision for impairment may not be equal to the actual amount of impairment
                     losses in the future.



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   329
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXV) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)


                 2.    Estimation uncertainty (Continued)


                       (3)   Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (excluding goodwill)


                             The Company assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for non-current
                             assets other than financial assets as at the balance sheet date. Non-current assets other than
                             financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts
                             may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or asset
                             group exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell
                             and its present value of future cash flows. The calculation of the fair value less costs to sell
                             is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of
                             similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset.
                             When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected
                             future cash flows from the asset or asset group and choose a suitable discount rate in order to
                             calculate the present value of those cash flows.


                       (4)   Impairment of goodwill


                             Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, the
                             present value of future cash flows, which are generated from asset groups or sets of asset
                             groups considered together with allocated goodwill, is estimated. The Company estimates the
                             present value of future cash flows from asset groups or sets of asset groups by forecasting
                             the related cash flow and selecting a suitable discount rate.




330   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXV) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)


          2.   Estimation uncertainty (Continued)


               (5)   Impairment of inventories


                     The Company determines the write-down for obsolescence of inventories. These estimates
                     are made with reference to aged inventory analyses, projections of expected future sales
                     of goods and management experience and judgement. Based on this review, write-down
                     of inventories will be made when the carrying amounts of inventories decline below their
                     estimated net realizable values. Due to changes in market conditions, actual sales of goods
                     may be different from estimation and profit or loss in the current period could be affected by
                     differences in this estimation.


               (6)   Deferred tax assets


                     Deferred tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable
                     that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant
                     management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
                     be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with
                     future tax planning strategies.


               (7)   Measurement of defined benefit scheme obligations


                     The Company has recognised the supplementary retirement benefits under the defined
                     benefit scheme as a liability. The estimated amount of these welfare expenses and liabilities
                     shall be calculated and paid on the basis of various assumptions. These assumptions include
                     the discount rate, the growth rate of welfare expenses during relevant period, as well as other
                     factors. Deviations between actual results and actuarial assumptions will affect the accuracy
                     of the relevant accounting estimates. Although the management believes that the above
                     assumptions are reasonable, any changes in assumptions shall still affect the estimated
                     liabilities of the relevant supplementary pension insurance and other external welfare plans.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   331
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXV) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)


                 2.    Estimation uncertainty (Continued)


                       (8)   Useful lives and residual values of fixed assets


                             The useful lives of fixed assets are estimated based on historical experience of the Group
                             with similar assets used in a similar way. If useful lives of the fixed assets are estimated
                             to be shorter than previously estimated, the Company will increase the depreciation rates
                             accordingly, or dispose of those assets that are idle or technically obsolete.


                             In determining the useful lives and net residual values of fixed assets, the Company
                             periodically reviews the changes in market conditions, estimated physical wear and tear,
                             and the maintenance of an asset. The estimation of the useful life of the asset is based on
                             historical experience of the Company with similar assets that are used in a similar way. The
                             depreciation amount will be adjusted if the estimated useful lives and/or the net residual
                             values of fixed assets are less than previous estimation. Useful lives and net residual values
                             are reviewed, at each settlement date, based on changes in circumstances.


                       (9)   Lessee’s incremental borrowing rate


                             For a lease whose rate cannot be readily determined, the Company adopts lessee’s
                             incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate in estimating the present value of the lease
                             payment. When determining the incremental borrowing interest rate, the Company uses the
                             observable interest rate as a reference basis for determining the incremental borrowing rate
                             according to the economic environment in which it is located and, on this basis, adjusts the
                             reference interest rate according to the specific circumstances of the lease business, such
                             as its own conditions, the underlying asset’s condition, the lease term and the amount of the
                             lease liability for obtaining an appropriate incremental borrowing rate.


                       (10) Quality guarantee


                             The Company will make a reasonable estimate of the warranty rate for the contract
                             combination with similar characteristics based on historical warranty data and current warranty
                             conditions, taking into account all relevant information such as product improvement and
                             market changes. The estimate of the warranty rate may not be equal to the actual warranty
                             rate in the future. The Company re-evaluates the warranty rate at least on each balance sheet
                             date and determines the estimated liabilities based on the re-evaluated warranty rate.




332   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXVI) Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates


          1.   Changes in major accounting policies


               ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


               (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 15


                     On 30 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance issued the Interpretation on the Accounting
                     Standards for Business Enterprises No. 15 (Cai Kuai [2021] No. 35, hereinafter referred to as
                     “Interpretation No. 15”).


                     ①     Accounting treatment for trial run sales


                           Interpretation No.15 stipulates the accounting treatment and presentation of products
                           or by-products produced by an enterprise before a fixed asset reaches the working
                           condition for its intended use or in the process of research and development, and
                           stipulates that the net amount after offsetting costs by revenue related to trial run
                           sales shall not be used to offset the costs of fixed assets or research and development
                           expenditures. The provisions came into force from 1 January 2022, and retroactive
                           adjustment shall be made for trial operation sales occurring between the beginning of
                           the earliest period for presentation of financial statements and 1 January 2022.


                           The Company’s implementation of the provisions has no material impact on the
                           Company’s financial position and operating results.


                     ②     Judgment on loss-making contracts


                           Interpretation No.15 specifies that the “contract performance costs” considered by an
                           enterprise when determining whether a contract constitutes a loss-making contract
                           shall include the incremental cost of performing the contract and the amortized amount
                           of other costs directly related to the performance of the contract. The provisions came
                           into force from 1 January 2022. Enterprises shall implement the provisions for contracts
                           under which all obligations have not been fulfilled as at 1 January 2022. The cumulative
                           effect shall be used to adjust to the retained earnings and other relevant financial
                           statement items at the beginning of the year to which the implementation date belongs
                           to, and the comparative financial statement data of prior period shall not be adjusted.


                           The Company’s implementation of the provisions has no impact on the Company’s
                           financial position and operating results.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   333
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXVI) Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)


                 1.    Changes in major accounting policies (Continued)


                       (2)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 16


                             On 30 November 2022, the Ministry of Finance issued the Interpretation on the Accounting
                             Standards for Business Enterprises No. 16 (Cai Kuai [2022] No. 31, hereinafter referred to as
                             “Interpretation No. 16”).


                             ①      Accounting for the income tax impact of dividends related to financial instruments
                                    classified by the issuer as equity instruments


                                    Interpretation No. 16 stipulates that for the financial instruments classified by an
                                    enterprise as equity instruments, where relevant dividend expenditures are deducted
                                    before enterprise income tax in accordance with relevant provisions of tax policies, the
                                    income tax impact of dividends shall be recognized when recognizing dividends payable,
                                    in the current profit or loss or owners’ equity items (including other comprehensive
                                    income) in a manner consistent with the transactions or events to generate distributable
                                    profits in the past.


                                    The provisions were implemented from the date of its promulgation. The dividends
                                    payable arose between 1 January 2022 and the date of implementation, shall be
                                    adjusted in accordance with the provisions. The dividends payable arose before 1
                                    January 2022 whose financial instruments involved have not been derecognized on 1
                                    January 2022, shall be adjusted retrospectively.


                                    The Company’s implementation of the provisions has no material impact on the
                                    Company’s financial position and operating results.


                             ②      Accounting for the equity-settled share-based payments to which an enterprise changes
                                    the cash-settled share-based payments


                                    Interpretation No. 16 clarifies that if an enterprise amends the terms and conditions of
                                    the cash-settled share-based payments agreements to change it to the equity-settled
                                    share-based payments, on the amendment date (whether within the pending period
                                    or after the end thereof), the equity-settled share-based payments shall be measured
                                    at the amendment date fair value of the equity instruments granted, and the services
                                    received shall be accounted into the capital reserve. At the same time, the enterprise
                                    shall derecognize the liabilities recognized on the amendment date for the cash-settled
                                    share-based payments, and the difference thereof shall be recognized in the current
                                    profit or loss.


334   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     (XXXVI) Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)


          1.   Changes in major accounting policies (Continued)


               (2)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 16
                     (Continued)


                          The provisions were implemented from the date of its promulgation. The transactions
                          occurred between 1 January 2022 and the date of implementation, shall be adjusted
                          in accordance with the provisions. The transactions occurred before 1 January
                          2022 that are not accounted for in accordance with the provisions, shall be adjusted
                          retrospectively, and the enterprise shall adjust retained earnings and other related
                          items as of 1 January 2022 for the cumulative impact, but not adjust the data in the
                          comparative financial statements for the previous period.


                          The Company’s implementation of the provisions has no material impact on the
                          Company’s financial position and operating results.


                     ③    Accounting for the deferred income tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
                          single transaction which is not apply to the initial recognition exemption


                          Interpretation No. 16 stipulates that for a single transaction (including the lease
                          transaction for which the lessee initially recognizes the lease liabilities on the beginning
                          date of the lease term as use right assets, as well as the transaction in which provisions
                          are recognized for fixed assets with retirement obligations as cost of such assets) that
                          is not a business merger, does not affect either accounting profit or taxable income (or
                          deductible loss) when occurring, and gives rise to equal taxable temporary differences
                          and deductible temporary differences as a result of the initial recognition of its assets
                          and liabilities, if the provisions of exemption from the initial recognition of deferred
                          income tax liabilities and deferred income tax assets are not applicable, the enterprise
                          shall recognize corresponding deferred income tax liabilities and deferred income tax
                          assets, respectively, when the transaction occurs, according to the relevant provisions
                          of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 18 – Income Tax.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    335
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (XXXVI) Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)


                 1.    Changes in major accounting policies (Continued)


                       (2)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 16
                             (Continued)


                             ③      Accounting for the deferred income tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
                                    single transaction which is not apply to the initial recognition exemption (Continued)


                                    The provisions will be implemented from 1 January 2023, allowing enterprises to apply
                                    early from 2022. For a single transaction that occurs between the beginning of the
                                    earliest period for the presentation of the financial statements to which the provisions
                                    are first applied and the date of implementation, and for the lease liabilities and use
                                    rights assets recognized as a result of the single transaction to which the provisions
                                    are applied at the beginning of the earliest period for the presentation of the financial
                                    statements, as well as for the provisions for retirement obligations recognized and such
                                    assets involved, if taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences
                                    arise, the enterprise shall make adjustment in accordance with the provisions.


                                    The Company has implemented the provisions early from 2022, and the Company’s
                                    implementation of the provisions has no material impact on the Company’s financial
                                    position and operating results.


                 2.    Changes in significant accounting estimates


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




336   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



VI.   TAXATION

      (I)   Main taxes and tax rates

            Main taxes and tax rates


            ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


            Category                   Tax determination basis                                       Tax rate (%)


            Value-added tax            The VAT payable is the difference between output tax               6, 9, 13
                                         (calculated based on sales of goods and taxable
                                         service income under the tax laws) and the deductible
                                         input tax for the current period


            Urban maintenance and      Levied on the basis of VAT actually paid                               5, 7
            construction tax


            Corporate income tax       Levied on the basis of taxable profits                     15, 16.5, 20, 25




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   337
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

            (I)   Main taxes and tax rates (Continued)


                  Disclosure statement of taxable entities subject to different enterprise income tax rates


                  ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                  Name of taxable entity                                                               Income tax rate (%)


                  China Railway Signal & Communication International Co., Ltd.
                    (中國通號國際有限公司)                                                                                     16.5
                  Beijing Xiandai Signal & Communication Engineering Consultant Ltd.
                    (北京現代通號工程諮詢有限公司)                                                                                   15
                  Shenyang Railway Signal Co., Ltd. (瀋陽鐵路信號有限責任公司)                                                     15
                  Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd. (天津鐵路信號有限責任公司)                                                      15
                  Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. (西安鐵路信號有限責任公司)                                                        15
                  Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd. (北京鐵路信號有限公司)                                                        15
                  Shanghai Railway Communication Co., Ltd. (上海鐵路通信有限公司)                                                15
                  Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical Equipment Co., Ltd.
                    (上海德意達電子電器設備有限公司)                                                                                  15
                  Tianshui Railway Cable Co., Ltd. (天水鐵路電纜有限責任公司)                                                      15
                  Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd. (焦作鐵路電纜有限責任公司)                                                       15
                  CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd.
                    (北京全路通信信號研究設計院集團有限公司)                                                                              15
                  Beijing Nera Stentofon Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.
                    (北京挪拉斯坦特芬通信設備有限公司)                                                                                 15
                  CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd.
                    (通號通信信息集團有限公司)                                                                                     15
                  Shanghai China Railway Communication & Signal Testing Co., Ltd.
                    (上海中鐵通信信號測試有限公司)                                                                                   15
                  CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., LTD. (通號萬全信號設備有限公司)                                               15
                  CASCO Signal Ltd. (卡斯柯信號有限公司)                                                                        15
                  CRSC Communication & Information Group Shanghai Company Ltd.
                    (通號通信信息集團上海有限公司)                                                                                   15
                  CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd. (通號信息產業有限公司)                                                     15
                  Shanghai Xinhai Information Transportation Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (上海新海信通信息技術有限公司)                                                                                   15
                  Chengdu Railway Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.
                    (成都鐵路通信設備有限責任公司)                                                                                   15
                  CRSCE Beijing Research & Design Experiment Center Ltd.
                    (通號工程局集團北京研究設計實驗中心有限公司)                                                                            15




338   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                       RMB



VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

      (I)   Main taxes and tax rates (Continued)


            Name of taxable entity                                                   Income tax rate (%)


            CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Information Technology Co., Ltd.
              (通號工程局集團建設工程有限公司)                                                                        15
            CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Tianjin Equipment Engineering Ltd.
              (通號工程局集團天津裝備技術有限公司)                                                                      15
            CRSC Institute Smart City Research & Design
              (通號智慧城市研究設計院有限公司)                                                                        15
            CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd. (通號城市軌道交通技術有限公司)                              15
            CRSC (Changsha) Railway Traffic Control Technology Co., Ltd.
              (通號（長沙）軌道交通控制技術有限公司)                                                                     15
            CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd. (通號軌道車輛有限公司)                                               15
            Beijing Guo Tie Hua Chen Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
              (北京國鐵華晨通信科技有限公司)                                                                         15
            Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co., Ltd.
              (長沙市建築設計院有限責任公司)                                                                         15
            CRSC Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao (Guangzhou) Transportation Technology
              Co., Ltd. (通號粵港澳（廣州）交通科技有限公司)                                                            15
            CRSC Engineering Group Electric Engineering Co., Ltd.
              (通號工程局集團電氣工程有限公司)                                                                        15
            CRSC Hezhou Assembly Construction Co., Ltd.
              (賀州通號裝配式建築有限公司)                                                                          15
            Xi’an Quanlutonghao Equipment Research Co., Ltd.
              (西安全路通號器材研究有限公司)                                                                         15
            Xi’an Tonghao Railway Signal Product Inspection Station Co., Ltd.
              (西安通號鐵路信號產品檢驗站有限公司)                                                                      20
            Kunming Zhongtie Innovation Construction Project Management Ltd.
              (昆明中鐵創新建設項目管理有限公司)                                                                       20
            CASCO (Xi’an) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯（西安）有限公司)                                                      20
            CASCO (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯（武漢）有限公司)                                                      20




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   339
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

            (II)   Tax preference


                   ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                   1.   Refund-upon-collection policy for VAT for software enterprises


                        According to the Notice of the State Council on Issuing Several Policies on Further Encouraging
                        the Development of the Software and Integrated Circuit Industries (Guo Fa [2011] No. 4) issued by
                        the State Council, CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd., CASCO Signal Ltd., CRSC
                        Communication & Information Group Company Ltd., and CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co.,
                        LTD. enjoy the refund-upon-collection policy for the portion of VAT exceeding 3% for software
                        enterprises.


                   2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises


                        Beijing Xiandai Signal & Communication Engineering Consultant Ltd. applied and was finally
                        recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2014. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the
                        updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 21 October 2020. The certificate is valid for
                        three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                        2020 to 2022.


                        Shenyang Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                        enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                        to the competent authorities in July 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                        certificate on 14 December 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                        enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                        Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                        enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                        to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                        certificate on 9 October 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                        enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                        Xi’ an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied in 2015 and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                        enterprise. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the
                        competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate
                        on 17 December 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise
                        income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.




340   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

      (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


             2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)


                  Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                  enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                  to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                  certificate on 2 December 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                  Shanghai Railway Communication Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new
                  technology enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review
                  materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-new technology
                  enterprise certificate on 12 November 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company
                  shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                  Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical Equipment Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                  as a high-new technology enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-
                  new technology enterprise certificate on 13 September 2021. The certificate is valid for three years.
                  The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                  Tianshui Railway Cable Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                  enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                  to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                  certificate on 16 September 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                  Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd. was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise
                  in 2013. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the
                  competent authorities in 2019, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate
                  on 3 December 2019. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise
                  income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2019 to 2021. The company submitted the high-
                  tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2022, and still paid
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% in 2022.


                  CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-
                  new technology enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification
                  review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-new
                  technology enterprise certificate on 2 December 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The
                  company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   341
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

            (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


                   2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)


                        Beijing Nera Stentofon Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                        as a high-new technology enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                        qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-
                        new technology enterprise certificate on 2 December 2020. The certificate is valid for three years.
                        The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                        CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                        as a high-new technology enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                        qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-
                        new technology enterprise certificate on 2 December 2020. The certificate is valid for three years.
                        The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                        Shanghai China Railway Communication & Signal Testing Co., Ltd. applied and was finally
                        recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2015. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the
                        updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 18 November 2021. The certificate is valid for
                        three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                        2021 to 2023.


                        CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., LTD. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new
                        technology enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review
                        materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology
                        enterprise certificate on 16 December 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company
                        shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                        CASCO Signal Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2014.
                        The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent
                        authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 12
                        November 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income
                        tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                        CRSC Communication & Information Group Shanghai Company Ltd. applied and was finally
                        recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2014. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the
                        updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 18 November 2020. The certificate is valid for
                        three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                        2020 to 2022.



342   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

      (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


             2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)


                  CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                  enterprise in 2015. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                  to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                  certificate on 25 October 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                  Shanghai Xinhai Information Transportation Information Technology Co., Ltd. applied and was
                  finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2016. The company submitted the high-
                  tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2019, and obtained the
                  updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 28 October 2019. The certificate is valid for
                  three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                  2019 to 2021. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the
                  competent authorities in 2022, and paid enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% in
                  2022.


                  Chengdu Railway Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as
                  a high-new technology enterprise in 2014. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020, and obtained the updated high-
                  new technology enterprise certificate on 11 September 2020. The certificate is valid for three years.
                  The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                  CRSCE Beijing Research & Design Experiment Center Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                  as a high-new technology enterprise in 2015. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-
                  new technology enterprise certificate on 21 December 2021. The certificate is valid for three years.
                  The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                  CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Construction Engineering Co., Ltd. applied and was finally
                  recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2016. The company submitted the high-tech
                  enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2022, and obtained the
                  updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 18 October 2022. The certificate is valid for
                  three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                  2022 to 2024.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   343
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

            (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


                   2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)


                        CRSC (Changsha) Rail Transit Control Technology Company Limited applied and was finally
                        recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2017. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2020 and obtained the
                        updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 11 September 2020. The certificate is valid
                        for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15%
                        from 2020 to 2022.


                        CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Tianjin Equipment Engineering Ltd. applied and was finally
                        recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2016. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2022, and obtained the
                        updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 15 November 2022. The certificate is valid for
                        three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                        2022 to 2024.


                        CRSC Institute of Smart City Research & Design applied and was finally recognised as a high-new
                        technology enterprise in 2018. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review
                        materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-new technology
                        enterprise certificate on 25 October 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall
                        pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                        CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                        enterprise in 2019. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income
                        tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2019 to 2021. The company submitted the high-tech
                        enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2022 and was included in
                        the filing list of second batch of high-new technology enterprise accredited by the Hunan Provincial
                        Accreditation Authority in 2022 (date of issuance: 12 December 2022).


                        Beijing Guo Tie Hua Chen Communication Technology Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                        as a high-new technology enterprise in 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company
                        shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                        CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-
                        new technology enterprise in 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                        enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.




344   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

      (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


             2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)


                  Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-
                  new technology enterprise in 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


                  CRSC Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao (Guangzhou) Transportation Technology Co., Ltd. applied
                  and was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2020. The certificate is valid for
                  three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from
                  2020 to 2022.


                  CRSC Engineering Group Electric Engineering Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as
                  a high-new technology enterprise in 2015. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2021, and obtained the updated high-
                  new technology enterprise certificate on 9 October 2021. The certificate is valid for three years. The
                  company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.


                  CRSC Hezhou Assembly Construction Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-
                  new technology enterprise in 2020. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.


             3.   Preferential taxation policies for the western development strategy


                  According to the Announcement of the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration and
                  the National Development and Reform Commission on Continuation of the Enterprise Income Tax
                  Policies of Western Development (MOF Announcement [2020] No.23), from 1 January 2021 to
                  31 December 2030, an enterprise in western area engaged in industries encouraged is subject to
                  the enterprise income tax rate of 15%. Xi’ an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. and Xi’ an Quanlutonghao
                  Equipment Research Co., Ltd. are eligible for the preferential tax policies related to the western
                  development strategy.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    345
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VI.   TAXATION (Continued)

            (II)   Tax preference (Continued)


                   4.      Preferential taxation policies for small low-profit enterprises


                           According to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning the
                           Implementation of Preferential Income Tax Policies to Support the Development of Small Low-
                           Profit Enterprises and Individual Business (SAT Announcement [2021] No. 8) and Announcement
                           of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on Further Implementing the
                           Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises (Announcement No. 13 [2022] of
                           the MOF and the SAT), from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024, the portion of annual taxable
                           income of a small low-profit enterprise which does not exceed RMB1 million shall be calculated
                           at a reduced rate of 12.5% as taxable income amount and shall be subject to EIT at 20% tax
                           rate. The portion of annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprise which exceeds RMB1
                           million but does not exceed RMB3 million shall be calculated at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable
                           income amount and shall be subject to EIT at 20% tax rate. Xi’an Tonghao Railway Signal Product
                           Inspection Station Co., Ltd., Kunming Zhongtie Innovation Construction Project Management Ltd.,
                           CASCO (Xi’an) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯（西安）有限公司) and CASCO (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯（武漢）有
                           限公司) were eligible for the preferential tax policies for small low-profit enterprises.


      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            (I)    Cash and bank balances


                   ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                   Item                                                              Closing balance           Opening balance


                   Cash on hand                                                            567,662.59               455,141.96
                   Bank deposits                                                   21,816,914,263.80         22,481,508,143.11
                   Other monetary funds                                               397,889,411.42            500,621,987.32
                   Total                                                           22,215,371,337.81         22,982,585,272.39

                   Including: Total amount deposited abroad                           222,080,697.67          1,075,162,755.53
                   Deposits with finance companies




346   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (I)    Cash and bank balances (Continued)


           The relationship between the Company’s monetary funds and cash and cash equivalents is as follows:


                                                                                                Balance at the end
           Item                                                          Closing balance            of the last year


           Closing balance of monetary funds for the period/year       22,215,371,337.81        22,982,585,272.39
           Less: Non-pledged/secured and unrestricted time
             deposits with maturity of three months or above             4,516,562,880.55         4,886,239,178.33
           Less: Restricted monetary funds                                457,150,025.99            500,621,987.32
           Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents
             for the period/year                                       17,241,658,431.27        17,595,724,106.74



           Note: As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s cash and bank balances deposited abroad were
                  RMB222,080,697.67. (31 December 2021: RMB1,075,162,755.53).


           As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s restricted cash and bank balances were RMB457,150,025.99.
           (31 December 2021: RMB500,621,987.32), please see Note “VII. (LXXXI)”.


           Interest income from demand deposits is earned at the bank’s interest rate on the demand deposits. The
           Company determines the period of maturity of short-term time deposit on the basis of its needs for cash
           and earns the interest income at the bank’s corresponding interest rate on the time deposits.


    (II)   Held-for-trading financial assets


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


    (III) Derivative financial assets


           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   347
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IV) Notes receivable


                 1.    Classified presentation of notes receivable


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                               Closing balance        Opening balance


                       Commercial acceptance notes                        1,719,529,983.55
                       Less: provision for bad debt                           5,158,589.95

                       Total                                              1,714,371,393.60



                 2.    Notes receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the period


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                Amount pledged
                                                                                                       at the end
                       Item                                                                         of the period


                       Commercial acceptance notes                                                218,610,572.55

                       Total                                                                      218,610,572.55




348   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                           RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (IV) Notes receivable (Continued)


         3.   Notes receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company at the end of the period and not yet
              due on the balance sheet date


              ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount               Amount not
                                                                         derecognized            derecognized
                                                                         at the end of            at the end of
              Item                                                          the period               the period


              Commercial acceptance notes                                                      604,494,019.30

              Total                                                                            604,494,019.30



         4.   Notes transferred to accounts receivable by the Company due to the drawer’s failure to perform
              the contract at the end of the period


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


         5.   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision of bad debts


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


              Single provision for bad debt:


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


              Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


              If provisions for bad debts are made as per the general model of ECL, please make disclosure with
              reference to other receivables:


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   349
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IV) Notes receivable (Continued)


                 6.    Provision for bad debt


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 7.    Write-off of notes receivable for the period


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (V)   Accounts receivable


                 1.    Disclosure by ageing based on the dates of invoice


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Closing gross
                       Aging                                                      carrying amount


                       Within 1 year                                             16,343,582,721.33
                       1 to 2 years                                               4,109,998,298.01
                       2 to 3 years                                               1,718,830,007.62
                       Over 3 years                                               1,714,307,866.33
                       Subtotal                                                  23,886,718,893.29
                       Less: Provision for bad debt                               1,214,637,695.74

                       Total                                                     22,672,081,197.55




350   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


          2.   Disclosure by the method of provision of bad debts


               ✓ Applicable                    □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                      Closing gross carrying amount      Closing provision for bad debt                          Closing gross carrying amount        Closing provision for bad debt
                                                            Amount                         Percentage of                                                 Amount                         Percentage of
                                                          Proportion                           provision             Closing                          Proportion                             provision              Opening
               Category                        Amount           (%)             Amount               (%)          book value             Amount              (%)           Amount                  (%)           Book value


               Single provision for
                 bad debt               676,351,805.51          2.83      62,885,832.31              9.30     613,465,973.20     1,083,646,735.75           5.24     64,217,847.44                5.93      1,019,428,888.31
               Provision withdrawn
                 for bad debt on a
                 combination basis
                                      23,210,367,087.78        97.17    1,151,751,863.43             4.96   22,058,615,224.35   19,614,448,882.00          94.76    780,120,452.03                3.98     18,834,328,429.97

               Total                  23,886,718,893.29       100.00    1,214,637,695.74                    22,672,081,197.55   20,698,095,617.75        100.00     844,338,299.47                         19,853,757,318.28



               Single provision for bad debt:


               ✓ Applicable                    □ Not applicable


               31 December 2022


                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                      Gross carrying                        Provision for                           Percentage of                               Reasons for
               Name                                                               amount                              bad debt                      provision (%)                                        provision


               Single provision for
                       bad debt                                       676,351,805.51                        62,885,832.31                                             9.30                                      Note

               Total                                                  676,351,805.51                        62,885,832.31                                             9.30




                                                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022                     351
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


                 2.    Disclosure by the method of provision of bad debts (Continued)


                       31 December 2021


                                                                               Closing balance
                                                   Gross carrying        Provision for     Percentage of    Reasons for
                       Name                                amount            bad debt       provision (%)     provision


                       Single provision for
                         bad debt                1,083,646,735.75       64,217,847.44               5.93          Note

                       Total                     1,083,646,735.75       64,217,847.44               5.93              /



                       Descriptions of single provision for bad debt:


                       ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                       Note: The Company shall make provision for bad debts in whole or in part based on its aging and
                               business conditions with other companies.


                       Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                       ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable




352   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                            RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


          2.   Disclosure by the method of provision of bad debts (Continued)


               ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


               Items of provision on group basis: accounts receivable for which provision for bad debt based on a
               combination basis by credit risk characteristics


               31 December 2022
                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                       Closing balance
                                                          Accounts         Provision for        Percentage of
               Name                                      receivable             bad debt         provision (%)


               Within 1 year                      16,069,742,935.48        80,348,714.68                   0.50
               1 to 2 years                        3,996,658,079.58      199,832,903.97                    5.00
               2 to 3 years                        1,682,936,273.45      168,293,627.34                   10.00
               Over 3 years                        1,461,029,799.27      703,276,617.44                   48.14

               Total                              23,210,367,087.78    1,151,751,863.43                        /



               31 December 2021
                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                       Closing balance
                                                           Accounts             Accounts              Accounts
               Name                                       receivable           receivable            receivable


               Within 1 year                      14,497,625,107.33        72,488,125.54                   0.50
               1 to 2 years                        2,952,585,283.00      147,629,264.15                    5.00
               2 to 3 years                        1,189,485,334.89      118,948,533.49                   10.00
               Over 3 years                          974,753,156.78      441,054,528.85                   45.25

               Total                              19,614,448,882.00      780,120,452.03                        /



               Recognition standards and descriptions of provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


               □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable



                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   353
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


                 2.    Disclosure by the method of provision of bad debts (Continued)


                       If provisions for bad debts are made as per the general model of ECL, please make disclosure with
                       reference to other receivables:


                       □ Applicable          ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Provision for bad debt


                       ✓ Applicable          □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Increase/decrease during the period
                                                                                    Recovery or          Write-off or
                       Category              Opening balance        Provision           reversal        cancellation    Other changes   Closing balance


                       Single provision         64,217,847.44    13,498,918.88      5,459,094.01        9,371,840.00                      62,885,832.31
                         for bad debt
                       Provision withdrawn     780,120,452.03   372,697,329.41                          1,364,102.83       298,184.82   1,151,751,863.43
                         for bad debt on a
                         combination basis
                         by credit risk
                         characteristics

                       Total                   844,338,299.47   386,196,248.29      5,459,094.01       10,735,942.83       298,184.82   1,214,637,695.74



                       Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                       □ Applicable          ✓ Not applicable




354   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


          4.   Write-off of accounts receivable for the period


               ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


               Item                                                                        Write-off amount


               Accounts receivable actually written off                                       10,735,942.83



               Write-off of other significant accounts receivable


               □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


               Explanation on the write-off of accounts receivable:


               □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


          5.   Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors


               ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


               31 December 2022


               The total amount of top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
               RMB1,768,639,080.02 in total, accounting for 7.40% of the total closing balance of accounts
               receivable. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
               RMB212,138,690.14 in total.


               31 December 2021


               The total amount of top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
               RMB1,957,739,664.24 in total, accounting for 9.46% of the total closing balance of accounts
               receivable. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
               RMB130,774,379.03 in total.


          6.   Accounts receivable derecognized due to the transfer of financial assets


               □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   355
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


                 7.    Amount of assets and liabilities resulting from transfer of accounts receivable and its continuing
                       involvement


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s gross book value of accounts receivable
                       of RMB465,060,456.80 and gross carrying amount of other non-current assets of
                       RMB4,728,042,641.60 (31 December 2021: other non-current assets of RMB4,426,249,414.22,
                       accounts receivable of RMB201,458,572.34), which were formed by the earning rights of
                       the franchise pledged and all proceeds thereunder, were used to obtain long-term loans of
                       RMB3,464,075,719.17 (31 December 2021: RMB2,336,791,575.20), please refer to “Note VII
                       (LXXXI)” for details.


           (VI) Receivable for financing


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 1.    Receivable for financing


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                   Closing balance         Opening balance


                       Bank acceptance bills                                   652,778,029.27           685,394,281.11
                       Commercial acceptance bills                                                    1,079,909,469.63
                       Other credit instruments measured at fair
                          value through other comprehensive income             396,187,742.58           377,689,363.26

                       Total                                                 1,048,965,771.85         2,142,993,114.00




356   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VI) Receivable for financing (Continued)


         2.   Notes receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the period


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Item                                                          Closing balance          Opening balance


              Bank acceptance bills                                           34,059,394.86             8,875,684.59
              Commercial acceptance bills                                                              40,000,000.00

              Total                                                           34,059,394.86            48,875,684.59



         3.   Notes receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company at the end of the period and not yet
              due on the balance sheet date


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Item                                   At the end of period               At the beginning of period

                                                                              Not                                    Not
                                                Derecognised      derecognised        Derecognised       derecognised


              Bank acceptance bills             517,617,447.59   123,779,958.94     466,753,794.07     179,573,211.17
              Commercial
                acceptance bills                                                                       270,243,426.09

              Total                             517,617,447.59   123,779,958.94     466,753,794.07     449,816,637.26



              The increase/decrease and fair value change of receivables for financing in the period:


              □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


              If provisions for bad debts are made as per the general model of ECL, please make disclosure with
              reference to other receivables:


              □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


              Other explanation:


              □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    357
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VII) Prepayments


                 1.    Prepayments set out by aging


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                       Closing balance                     Opening balance

                                                                         Amount                               Amount
                       Aging                          Amount     Proportion (%)            Amount      Proportion (%)


                       Within 1 year           922,232,174.09              81.22    740,701,431.28                 81.53
                       1 to 2 years             80,771,114.32               7.11     93,202,191.91                 10.26
                       2 to 3 years             74,723,420.69               6.58     38,248,853.77                  4.21
                       Over 3 years             57,803,886.19               5.09     36,359,377.87                  4.00

                       Total                 1,135,530,595.29             100.00    908,511,854.83            100.00



                 2.    Top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid parties


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       31 December 2022


                       The total amount of top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid parties amounted to
                       RMB235,149,747.35, accounting for 20.71% of the closing balance of the total prepayments.


                       31 December 2021


                       The total amount of top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid parties amounted to
                       RMB173,030,500.19, accounting for 19.05% of the closing balance of the total prepayments.


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




358   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                  RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VIII) Other receivables


         Presentation of item


         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


         Item                                                Closing balance        Opening balance


         Interests receivable                                    3,628,769.52
         Dividends receivable                                    6,075,000.00          6,525,000.00
         Other receivables                                   1,569,685,535.44      1,087,070,430.95

         Total                                               1,579,389,304.96      1,093,595,430.95



         Other explanation:


         □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


         Interest receivable


         1.      Classification of interest receivable


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                        Closing balance        Opening balance


                 Time deposits                                  3,184,111.13
                 Entrusted loans
                 Bond investment
                 others                                           444,658.39
                 Less: Provision for bad debt

                 Total                                          3,628,769.52




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   359
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


                 2.    Significant overdue interest


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Provision for bad debt


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 Dividends receivable


                 1.    Dividends receivable


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item (or investee)                                   Closing balance      Opening balance


                       Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                          (西門子信號有限公司)                                          6,075,000.00         6,525,000.00

                       Total                                                   6,075,000.00         6,525,000.00



                 2.    Significant dividends receivable aging over 1 year


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Provision for bad debt


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




360   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


         Other receivables


         1.   Disclosure by ageing


              ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Aging                                                                   Closing book balance


              Within 1 year                                                                 802,293,479.43
              1 to 2 years                                                                  203,244,683.38
              2 to 3 years                                                                  115,315,539.90
              Over 3 years                                                                  614,980,469.57
              Subtotal                                                                    1,735,834,172.28
              Less: Provision for bad debt                                                  166,148,636.84

              Total                                                                       1,569,685,535.44



         2.   Classified by nature


              ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                           Closing                 Opening
              Nature of accounts                                     book balance            Book balance


              Performance and tender bonds                         1,131,203,828.85         574,478,299.28
              Advance payments                                      172,895,626.84          305,462,203.46
              Various deposits                                      119,739,953.20          125,469,060.56
              Others                                                311,994,763.39          202,514,091.06
              Sub-total                                            1,735,834,172.28       1,207,923,654.36
              Less: provision for bad debts of other receivables    166,148,636.84          120,853,223.41

              Total                                                1,569,685,535.44       1,087,070,430.95




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   361
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


                 3.    Provision for bad debt


                       ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                       2022


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                   Stage 1          Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                               Lifetime ECL
                                                                                 (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
                       Provision for bad debt                12-month ECL         impaired)    (credit-impaired)            Total


                       Amounts due as at
                         1 January 2022                      31,685,499.23    18,477,101.40       70,690,622.78    120,853,223.41
                       Amounts due for the period as at
                         1 January 2022                       -7,622,448.03    -6,325,808.66      13,948,256.69
                       – Transferred to stage 2               -4,471,638.28    4,471,638.28
                       – Transferred to stage 3               -3,150,809.75   -10,797,446.94      13,948,256.69
                       Provision for the period              -10,665,744.16    2,840,320.13       53,196,285.34     45,370,861.31
                       Reversal for the period                                                       -20,063.90        -20,063.90
                       Cancellation for the period                                                   -55,383.98        -55,383.98
                       Other changes

                       Amounts as at
                         31 December 2022                    13,397,307.04    14,991,612.87      137,759,716.93    166,148,636.84




362   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


         3.   Provision for bad debt (Continued)


              2021


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                       Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                      (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
              Provision for bad debt             12-month ECL          impaired)    (credit-impaired)                Total


              Amounts as at
                1 January 2021                   43,195,172.95    18,646,010.20       65,884,063.10        127,725,246.25
              Amounts due for the period as at
                1 January 2021                   -11,247,930.40    -7,398,079.80      18,646,010.20
              – Transferred to stage 1
              – Transferred to stage 2           -11,247,930.40   11,247,930.40                    –                    –
              – Transferred to stage 3                       –    -18,646,010.20      18,646,010.20                     –
              Provision for the period            6,151,714.68     7,229,171.00       26,452,873.88         39,833,759.56
              Reversal for the period             -6,413,458.00                –                   –         -6,413,458.00
              Cancellation for the period                    –                 –     -40,292,324.40         -40,292,324.40

              Amounts as at
                31 December 2021                 31,685,499.23    18,477,101.40       70,690,622.78        120,853,223.41




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   363
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


                 3.    Provision for bad debt (Continued)


                       Explanation about obvious changes in gross carrying amounts of other receivables for which loss
                       provision has changed in the period:


                       ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                       2022


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                   Stage 1          Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                               Lifetime ECL
                                                                                 (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
                                                             12-month ECL         impaired)    (credit-impaired)              Total


                       Amounts as at
                         1 January 2022                   1,098,891,380.93    36,232,060.42       72,800,213.01    1,207,923,654.36
                       Amounts due for the period as at
                         1 January 2022                      -57,575,105.12   10,013,617.25       47,561,487.87
                       – Transferred to stage 1
                       – Transferred to stage 2              -35,066,581.95   35,066,581.95
                       – Transferred to stage 3              -22,508,523.17   -25,052,964.70      47,561,487.87
                       Increase for the period               802,293,479.43                      374,028,616.92    1,176,322,096.35
                       Derecognized                        -648,356,194.45                           -55,383.98     -648,411,578.43
                       Cancellation for the period

                       Amounts as at
                         31 December 2022                 1,195,253,560.79    46,245,677.67      494,334,933.82    1,735,834,172.28




364   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


         3.   Provision for bad debt (Continued)


              2021


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                           Stage 1          Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                         (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
                                                     12-month ECL         impaired)    (credit-impaired)                Total


              Amounts as at
                1 January 2021                   1,495,263,496.53    23,307,512.74       71,390,615.67       1,589,961,624.94
              Amounts due for the period as at
                1 January 2021                      -54,626,469.42   12,924,547.68       41,701,921.74
              – Transferred to stage 2              -36,232,060.42   36,232,060.42                    –                    –
              – Transferred to stage 3              -18,394,409.00   -23,307,512.74      41,701,921.74                     –
              Increase for the period               630,626,810.21                –                   –       630,626,810.21
              Derecognized                        -972,372,456.39                 –                   –       -972,372,456.39
              Cancellation for the period                       –                 –     -40,292,324.40         -40,292,324.40

              Amounts as at
                31 December 2021                 1,098,891,380.93    36,232,060.42       72,800,213.01       1,207,923,654.36



              Amount of provision for bad debt for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of
              financial instruments increase significantly:


              □ Applicable       ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   365
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


                 4.    Provision for bad debt


                       ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                       2022


                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Increase/decrease during the period
                                                        Opening                            Recovery         Write-off or            Other           Closing
                       Category                          balance         Provision        or reversal      cancellation           changes           balance


                       Changes in bad debts        120,853,223.41    45,370,861.31         20,063.90          55,383.98                       166,148,636.84

                       Total                      120,853,223.41     45,370,861.31         20,063.90          55,383.98                       166,148,636.84



                       2021


                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Increase/decrease during the period
                                                              Opening                               Recovery or            Write-off or            Closing
                       Category                                balance           Provision              reversal           cancellation            balance


                       Changes in bad debts           127,725,246.25        39,833,759.56          6,413,458.00        40,292,324.40        120,853,223.41

                       Total                          127,725,246.25        39,833,759.56          6,413,458.00        40,292,324.40        120,853,223.41



                       Including significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed in the period:


                       □ Applicable           ✓ Not applicable




366   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


         5.   Write-off of other receivables for the period


              ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Item                                                                           Write-off amount


              Other receivables actually written off                                                 55,383.98



              Write-off of other significant receivables:


              □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


              Explanation on the write-off of other receivables:


              □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


         6.   Top five debtors with the largest closing balance of other receivables


              ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


              31 December 2022


              The total amount of top five debtors with the largest closing balance of other receivables
              amounted to RMB600,237,485.61 in total, accounting for 34.58% of the total closing balance of
              other receivables. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
              RMB75,864,312.08 in total.


              31 December 2021


              The total amount of top five debtors with the largest closing balance of other receivables
              amounted to RMB185,147,731.52 in total, accounting for 15.33% of the total closing balance of
              other receivables. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
              RMB728,796.04 in total.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   367
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VIII) Other receivables (Continued)


                 7.    Receivables involving government subsidies


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 8.    Other receivables derecognized due to the transfer of financial assets


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 9.    Amount of assets and liabilities resulting from transfer of other receivables and its continuing
                       involvement


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




368   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (IX) Inventories


         1.   Inventories classification


              ✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                        Closing balance                                             Opening balance

                                                            Provision for                                                Provision for
                                                         decline in value                                             decline in value
                                                           of inventories/                                              of inventories/
                                                            provision for                                                provision for
                                                              impairment                                                   impairment
                                      Gross carrying          of contract                         Gross carrying           of contract
              Item                           amount     performance cost     Carrying amount             amount      performance cost     Carrying amount


              Raw materials          1,022,956,286.06        5,316,687.27    1,017,639,598.79    949,223,792.88          5,362,466.80      943,861,326.08
              Work-in progress        689,701,874.24           224,483.41     689,477,390.83     675,132,893.24           252,878.98       674,880,014.26
              Finished goods          665,793,212.24               847.85     665,792,364.39     864,524,012.79                847.85      864,523,164.94
              Turnover materials        5,854,306.22                             5,854,306.22      9,488,266.30                299.08        9,487,967.22

              Total                  2,384,305,678.76        5,542,018.53    2,378,763,660.23   2,498,368,965.21         5,616,492.71     2,492,752,472.50




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022        369
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IX) Inventories (Continued)

                 2.    Provision for decline in value of inventories and provision for impairment of contract
                       performance cost

                       ✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                          Increase during the period                          Decrease during the period
                       Item in 2022          Opening balance               Provision                   Others Reversal or write-off                        Others       Closing balance


                       Raw materials             5,362,466.80                                                                   45,779.53                                  5,316,687.27
                       Work-in progress           252,878.98                                                                    28,395.57                                    224,483.41
                       Finished goods                 847.85                                                                                                                     847.85
                       Turnover materials             299.08                                                                       299.08

                       Total                     5,616,492.71                                                                   74,474.18                                  5,542,018.53


                                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                       Increase during the period                    Decrease during the period
                       Item in 2021                         Opening balance             Provision                   Others Reversal or write-off              Others     Closing balance


                       Raw materials                            5,782,725.14                    –                        –           420,258.34                     –      5,362,466.80
                       Work-in progress                          335,739.16                     –                        –            82,860.18                     –        252,878.98
                       Finished goods                             49,216.54                     –                        –            48,368.69                     –            847.85
                       Turnover materials                            788.27                     –                        –               489.19                     –            299.08

                       Total                                    6,168,469.11                    –                        –           551,976.40                     –      5,616,492.71




                 3.    Explanation about inclusion of capitalized amount of the borrowing cost in the closing balance
                       of inventories

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                 4.    Explanation about current amortization amount of contract performance cost

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

                       Other explanation

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable


370   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                   RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (X)   Contract assets

          1.   Information of contract assets


               ✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                          Closing balance                                                    Opening balance
                                        Gross carrying        Provision for              Carrying          Gross carrying         Provision for            Carrying
               Item                            amount          impairment                 amount                  amount           impairment               amount


               Completed but
                 not yet settled      38,763,141,992.34     146,053,665.31       38,617,088,327.03      37,501,436,001.48      183,186,502.16     37,318,249,499.32

               Total                  38,763,141,992.34     146,053,665.31       38,617,088,327.03      37,501,436,001.48      183,186,502.16     37,318,249,499.32


          2.   Amount of and reason for significant change in carrying amount within the Reporting Period


               □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable


          3.   Provision for impairment of contract assets in the period


               ✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                     Cancellation
                                                  Provision for             Reversal for              or write-off
               Item                                   the period              the period         for the period                   Others                Reason


               Completed but
                  not yet settled                -37,155,672.08                                                               22,835.23

               Total                             -37,155,672.08                                                               22,835.23


               Notes: (1) Contract assets of the Company are derived from provision of construction services to customers
                          and recognition of revenue over a period of time. At time of settlement of project-related payments,
                          any such contract asset turns into the unconditional right to collect payments and is transferred into
                          the receivables.


                             (2) As at 31 December 2022, the expected credit loss rate of the contract assets was 0.38% (31
                                 December 2021: 0.49%)




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022         371
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (X)   Contract assets (Continued)


                 3.      Provision for impairment of contract assets in the period (Continued)


                         If provisions for bad debts are made as per the general model of ECL, please make disclosure with
                         reference to other receivables:


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                         Other explanation:


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (XI) Assets held for sale


                 □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


           (XII) Non-current assets due within one year


                 ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                          Closing balance          Opening balance


                 Project quality deposit due within one year                     104,421,906.64           52,948,266.17
                 Less: Provision for bad debt                                       -169,369.27               -33,345.57

                 Total                                                           104,252,537.37           52,914,920.60



                 Significant debt investments and other debt investments at the end of the period:


                 □ Not applicable       ✓ Not applicable


                 Other explanation




372   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                   RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XIII) Other current assets


         ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


         Item                                                                                    Closing balance                         Opening balance


         VAT input to be deducted                                                                  903,887,537.87                       1,163,971,696.57
         Prepaid corporate income tax                                                                  42,026,337.76                             16,133,725.80
         Others                                                                                         8,302,340.53                                 7,071,243.44

         Total                                                                                     954,216,216.16                       1,187,176,665.81



    (XIV) Debt investment


         1.      Information of debt investment


                 ✓ Applicable             □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                  Closing balance                                              Opening balance

                                                 Gross carrying       Provision for        Carrying        Gross carrying           Provision for              Carrying
                 Item                                  amount           impairment          amount                amount              impairment                amount
                 Shandong Railway Development
                   Fund Co., Ltd.
                   (山東鐵路發展基金有限公司)
                                                 273,172,183.50                       273,172,183.50       273,172,183.50                        –       273,172,183.50

                                                 273,172,183.50                       273,172,183.50       273,172,183.50                        –       273,172,183.50
                 Total




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022             373
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XIV) Debt investment (Continued)


                 1.    Information of debt investment (Continued)

                       Note: The Company completed its investment in Shandong Railway Development Fund Co., Ltd. On 28
                             January 2019, with the investment return to be paid by Shandong Development Fund as per 10% off
                             the benchmark interest rate for more-than-5-year loans issued by PBOC (the prevailing interest rate
                             4.9%*0.9=4.41%), and the interest was commenced on a phased basis from the date on which such
                             investment capital was received, subject to adjustment according to interest rate of the central bank in the
                             end period. At the end of the tenth anniversary of the date on which the project cooperation is commenced
                             (i.e., 28 January 2029), Shandong Railway Development Fund Co., Ltd. will receive the equity equivalent
                             to the Company’s original capital contribution in lump sum. Therefore, the Company mainly holds the
                             investment for the purpose of obtain contractual cash flows, and cash flows generated on specific dates
                             are solely for the payment of the investment principal and interests incurred from the outstanding amount,
                             and they fall into financial assets measured at amortized cost, therefore, the investment is stated as debt
                             investment.


                       The Company has assessed that its credit risk has not significantly increased since the initial
                       recognition on the balance sheet date, therefore the Company did not make provision for
                       impairment according to the amount equivalent to the ECL for the next 12 months.


                 2.    Significant debt investments at the end of the period


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Provision for impairment


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


                       Amount of provision for impairment for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of
                       financial instruments increase significantly


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




374   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                         RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XV) Other debt investment


        1.   Other debt investment


             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


        2.   Other significant debt investments at the end of the period


             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


        3.   Provision for impairment


             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


             Amount of provision for impairment for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of
             financial instruments increase significantly


             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


             Other explanation:


             □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   375
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XVI) Long-term receivables


                 1.    Long-term receivables


                       ✓ Applicable          □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                 Closing balance                                          Opening balance
                                               Gross carrying       Provision for          Carrying      Gross carrying       Provision for           Carrying   Discount
                       Item                           amount            bad debt            amount              amount           bad debt              amount        rate


                       Receivables of
                         “Build-Transfer”
                         project (Note)        265,179,426.54        1,177,508.91    264,001,917.63     118,805,273.89         -594,026.37     118,211,247.52
                       Project receivables    5,818,505,120.67    172,550,771.54    5,645,954,349.13   3,608,773,013.19     -13,249,352.51    3,595,523,660.68

                       Total                  6,083,684,547.21    173,728,280.45    5,909,956,266.76   3,727,578,287.08     -13,843,378.88    3,713,734,908.20          /


                       Note: The Company signed repurchase agreements in relation to municipal engineering investment and
                             construction with the relevant government bodies, under which those bodies authorize companies of
                             the Company undertaking “build-transfer” projects to implement the investment and -financing functions
                             on their behalf to develop municipal projects. Those companies shall, after the completion of the “build-
                                  transfer” projects, hand over the projects to such bodies, and then such bodies shall pay the repurchase
                                  price within the time limit specified in the repurchase agreement.




376   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XVI) Long-term receivables (Continued)


         2.   Provision for bad debt


              ✓ Applicable             □ Not applicable


              2022


                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                            Increase/decrease during the period
                                                     Opening                              Recovery or               Write-off or             Closing
              Category                                balance          Provision               reversal            cancellation              balance


              Provision for bad debt           13,843,378.88     159,884,901.57                                                        173,728,280.45

              Total                            13,843,378.88     159,884,901.57                                                        173,728,280.45



              2021


                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase/decrease during the period
                                                Opening                         Recovery or         Write-off or                               Closing
              Category                           balance        Provision           reversal       cancellation              Others            balance


              Provision for bad debt        65,457,591.34       18,233.38       1,725,386.27                          -49,907,059.57      13,843,378.88

              Total                         65,457,591.34       18,233.38       1,725,386.27                          -49,907,059.57      13,843,378.88




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022        377
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XVI) Long-term receivables (Continued)


                 2.    Provision for bad debt (Continued)


                       Amount of provision for bad debt for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of
                       financial instruments increase significantly


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       The Company evaluated whether or not the credit risk of the said long-term receivables has been
                       significantly increased since the initial recognition on each balance sheet date. If such credit risk
                       has not significantly increased since the initial recognition, the Company made provisions for loss
                       at the amount equivalent to ECL for the next 12 months; and if the credit risk has significantly
                       increased since the initial recognition but no credit impairment has occurred, the Company made
                       provisions for loss at the amount equivalent to the lifetime ECL.


                 3.    Long-term receivables derecognized due to the transfer of financial assets


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 4.    Amount of assets or liabilities resulting from transfer of long-term receivables and its continuing
                       involvement


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




378   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                         (XVII)Long-term equity investments


                              ✓ Applicable                      □ Not applicable


                              2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease for the period
                                                                                                                                  Investment gains/            Other                         Declared and paid                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                      Increase in   Decrease in   losses confirmed    comprehensive           Other equity     cash dividends     Provision for                              of provision for
                              Investee                                            Opening balance     investment    investment under equity method income adjustment              changes            or profits    impairment      Other   Closing balance       impairment


                              I. Joint ventures
                              Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                      147,602,671.03                                    22,670,000.00                                              25,000,000.00                              145,272,671.03
                              Wenzhou-Hangwen High-Speed Railway
                                Investment Partnership (LLP)
                                (溫州杭溫高鐵投資合夥企業(有限合夥))                                 76,503,772.49                                                                                                                                           76,503,772.49
                              CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                                (通智數據科技(北京)有限公司)                                      5,581,260.25   3,150,000.00                      4,523,610.80                                                                                          13,254,871.05

                              Subtotal                                              229,687,703.77   3,150,000.00                     27,193,610.80                                              25,000,000.00                              235,031,314.57

                              II. Associates
                              Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.
                                (四平市綜合管廊建設運營有限公司)                                   224,763,946.36                                                                                                                                          224,763,946.36                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                              Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity Fund Management
                                Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
                                (珠海華通私募基金管理企業(有限合夥))                                  9,093,873.17                                      294,002.27                                                                                            9,387,875.44
Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



379
380


                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                                                               (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Increase/decrease for the period
                                                                                                                                                                                        Investment gains/            Other                         Declared and paid                                              Closing balance
                                                                                                                                                            Increase in   Decrease in   losses confirmed    comprehensive           Other equity     cash dividends     Provision for                             of provision for   RMB
                                                                    Investee                                                           Opening balance      investment    investment under equity method income adjustment              changes            or profits    impairment     Other   Closing balance       impairment


                                                                    Siemens Signal ing Company Ltd. (西門子信號有限公司)                           71,158,626.78                                     10,179,000.00                                              12,150,000.00                              69,187,626.78
                                                                    CSCEC Foshan Joint Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (佛山中建交通聯合投資有限公司)                                                    12,616,233.38                                                                                                                                           12,616,233.38
                                                                    Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd. (Phase II)
                                                                      (天水有軌電車有限責任公司(二期))                                                  72,000,000.00   63,250,000.00                     27,352,636.09                                                                                        162,602,636.09
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                    Beijing Solong Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (北京索隆電子科技有限公司)                                                       2,768,705.07                                          6,749.36                                                                                          2,775,454.43
                                                                    Guangdong Utrust Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                      (廣東粵財金融租賃股份有限公司)                                                   344,091,086.75                                      7,555,000.37                                                                                        351,646,087.12
                                                                    China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                                       22,270,395.17                                     -1,077,427.32                             -40,035.61        1,500,000.00                              19,652,932.24
                                                                    CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                                                   206,313,477.05                                     23,210,508.79                                                                                        229,523,985.84
                                                                    Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                                                     2,940,040.90    3,000,000.00                      1,289,153.20                                                                                          7,229,194.10
                                                                    Zhejiang Jiaotou Intel igent Transportation Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (浙江交投智能交通科技有限公司)                                                     4,800,000.00                                         47,111.89                                                                                          4,847,111.89
                                                                    Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (河南滑州鐵路有限公司)                                                       149,458,777.00                                         -1,589.80                                                                                        149,457,187.20
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                         (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)


                                                                                                                                                                      Increase/decrease for the period
                                                                                                                                                Investment gains/            Other                         Declared and paid                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                                    Increase in   Decrease in   losses confirmed    comprehensive           Other equity     cash dividends     Provision for                              of provision for
                              Investee                                                         Opening balance      investment    investment under equity method income adjustment              changes            or profits    impairment     Other   Closing balance        impairment


                              Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology Co., Ltd.
                                (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                                                   20,011,106.07                                       224,011.08                                                   34,273.70                              20,200,843.45
                              China Liantou (Shanghai) Data Intel igent Technology Co., Ltd.
                                (中聯投(上海)數據智能科技有限公司)                                                6,249,775.59                                         37,963.20                                                 200,000.00                                6,087,738.79

                              Subtotal                                                         1,148,536,043.29   66,250,000.00                     69,117,119.13                             -40,035.61       13,884,273.70                            1,269,978,853.11

                              Total                                                            1,378,223,747.06   69,400,000.00            0        96,310,729.93                0            -40,035.61       38,884,273.70                            1,505,010,167.68




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



381
382


                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                                                               (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)                                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                    2021


                                                                                                                                                                Increase/decrease for the period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            RMB
                                                                                                                                                                        Investment gains                          Declared and paid                      Closing balance
                                                                                                                                          Increase in   Decrease in     confirmed under            Other equity      cash dividends                          of provision
                                                                    Investee                                            Opening balance   investment     investment        equity method              changes             or profits   Closing balance    for impairment


                                                                    I. Joint ventures
                                                                    Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                                                      (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                     153,773,635.03                                   18,829,036.00                              25,000,000.00     147,602,671.03
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                    Wenzhou-Hangwen High-Speed Railway
                                                                      Investment Partnership (LLP)
                                                                      (溫州杭溫高鐵投資合夥企業(有限合夥))                                76,503,772.49                                                                                                 76,503,772.49
                                                                    CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                      (通智數據科技(北京)有限公司)                                     2,302,117.60   675,000.00                        2,604,142.65                                                 5,581,260.25
                                                                    Subtotal                                             232,579,525.12   675,000.00                      21,433,178.65                              25,000,000.00     229,687,703.77
                                                                    II. Associates
                                                                    Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (四平市綜合管廊建設運營有限公司)                                  224,763,946.36                                                                                                224,763,946.36
                                                                    Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity Fund Management
                                                                      Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
                                                                      (珠海華通私募基金管理企業(有限合夥))                                 9,711,635.41                                      882,237.76                               1,500,000.00       9,093,873.17
                                                                    Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                                                      (西門子信號有限公司)                                         72,797,559.78                                   11,411,067.00                              13,050,000.00      71,158,626.78
                                                                    CSCEC Foshan Joint Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (佛山中建交通聯合投資有限公司)                                    12,503,152.61                                      113,080.77                                                 12,616,233.38
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                         (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)


                                                                                                                                   Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                                           Investment gains                          Declared and paid                      Closing balance
                                                                                                             Increase in   Decrease in     confirmed under            Other equity      cash dividends                          of provision
                              Investee                                                 Opening balance       investment     investment        equity method              changes             or profits   Closing balance    for impairment


                              Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd. (Phase II)
                                (天水有軌電車有限責任公司(二期))                                                        72,000,000.00                                                                                    72,000,000.00
                              Beijing Solong Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.
                                (北京索隆電子科技有限公司)                                            2,760,868.61                                             7,836.46                                                 2,768,705.07
                              Guangdong Utrust Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                (廣東粵財金融租賃股份有限公司)                                        329,544,657.82                                       19,046,428.93                               4,500,000.00     344,091,086.75
                              China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                                (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                            23,690,581.36                                         1,025,870.17           -196,056.36        2,250,000.00      22,270,395.17
                              CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                                (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                                        174,259,545.42                                       32,053,931.63                                                206,313,477.05
                              Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development Co., Ltd.
                                (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                                                           3,000,000.00                          -59,959.10                                                 2,940,040.90
                              Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation Technology
                                Co., Ltd. (浙江交投智能交通科技有限公司)                                                 4,800,000.00                                                                                     4,800,000.00
                              Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.
                                (河南滑州鐵路有限公司)                                                             149,360,290.00                           98,487.00                                               149,458,777.00
                              Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology Co., Ltd.
                                (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                                          20,000,000.00                                            13,112.48                                  2,006.41      20,011,106.07                       Year ended 31 December 2022




Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



383
384


                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                                                               (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                                                                                Investment gains                          Declared and paid                       Closing balance
                                                                                                                                                  Increase in   Decrease in     confirmed under            Other equity      cash dividends                           of provision   RMB

                                                                    Investee                                               Opening balance        investment     investment        equity method              changes             or profits    Closing balance    for impairment


                                                                    China Liantou (Shanghai) Data Intelligent Technology
                                                                      Co., Ltd. (中聯投(上海)數據智能科技有限公司)                           6,000,000.00                                           249,775.59                                                    6,249,775.59
                                                                    RSC Changxing (Zhejiang) Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                      (通號暢行(浙江)科技股份有限公司)                                        421,743.86                      275,791.34           -145,952.52
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                    Subtotal                                                876,453,691.23    229,160,290.00    275,791.34        64,695,916.17            -196,056.36       21,302,006.41     1,148,536,043.29

                                                                    Total                                                  1,109,033,216.35   229,835,290.00    275,791.34        86,129,094.82            -196,056.36       46,302,006.41     1,378,223,747.06
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                              RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XVII)Long-term equity investments (Continued)


         Other explanation

         Notes:


         1.       As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the ability of investees in which the Company hold long-term
                  equity investments to transfer funds to the Company has not been restricted.


         2.       For the information of joint ventures or associates for the period, please refer to note “IX. (II)”.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   385
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XVIII) Other equity instrument investments

                 1.    Other equity instrument investments


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                Closing balance        Opening balance


                       Beijing Yawan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd.
                          (北京雅萬高速鐵路有限公司)                                     405,810,000.00         405,810,000.00
                       Ganzhou-Shenzhen Railway (Guangdong)
                       Company Limited (贛深鐵路(廣東)有限公司)                        100,000,000.00         100,000,000.00
                       Beijing Rail Transit Operation Control System
                       National Engineering Research Center Co., Ltd.
                          (北京軌道交通運行控制系統國家工程研究
                          中心有限公司)                                                2,141,159.20         2,141,159.20
                       Hunan Maglev Group Co., Ltd. (湖南磁浮集團
                          股份有限公司)                                            100,000,000.00         100,000,000.00
                       Lunan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd. (魯南高速
                          鐵路有限公司)                                            369,637,534.00         369,637,534.00
                       Taizhou-Hangshaotai High-Speed Railway
                       Investment Management Partnership (LLP)
                          (台州杭紹台高鐵投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))                            147,230,466.00         147,230,466.00

                       Total                                               1,124,819,159.20       1,124,819,159.20



                 2.    Information of non-trading equity instrument investment


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (XIX) Other non-current financial assets


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 Other explanation:


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


386   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XX)   Investment properties

           Measurement model for investment properties


           1.   Investment properties measured under cost method


                2022



                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Item                                                    Buildings    Land use rights               Total


                I.   Original book value
                     1. Opening balance                             362,094,307.71   118,614,400.00       480,708,707.71
                     2. Increase during the current period          100,909,107.56                        100,909,107.56
                         (1) Acquisition
                         (2) Inventories/fixed assets/transferred
                             from construction in progress          100,909,107.56                        100,909,107.56
                     3. Decrease during the current period           -1,082,818.14                          -1,082,818.14
                         (1) Disposal                                -1,082,818.14                          -1,082,818.14
                         (2) Other transfers
                     4. Closing balance                             464,086,233.41   118,614,400.00       582,700,633.41
                II. Accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                       amortization
                     1. Opening balance                             163,796,425.34     32,219,736.80      196,016,162.14
                     2. Increase during the current period           23,431,447.91      2,742,105.28       26,173,553.19
                         (1) Provision or amortization               13,698,432.23      2,742,105.28       16,440,537.51
                         (2) Inventories/fixed assets/transferred
                               from construction in progress          9,733,015.68                          9,733,015.68
                     3. Decrease during the current period             -285,366.25                           -285,366.25
                         (1) Disposal                                  -285,366.25                           -285,366.25
                         (2) Other transfers
                     4. Closing balance                             187,513,239.50     34,961,842.08      222,475,081.58
                III. Impairment provision
                IV. Carrying amount
                     1. Closing carrying amount                     276,572,993.91     83,652,557.92      360,225,551.83
                     2. Opening carrying amount                     198,297,882.37     86,394,663.20      284,692,545.57



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   387
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XX)   Investment properties (Continued)

                  1.   Investment properties measured under cost method (Continued)


                       2021


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                  Buildings      Land use rights               Total


                       I.     Original book value
                              1. Opening balance                        240,827,881.92      118,614,400.00       359,442,281.92
                              2. Increase during the current period     121,266,425.79                   –       121,266,425.79
                                  (1) Acquisition                                   –                    –                   –
                                  (2) Inventories/fixed assets/
                                        transferred from construction
                                        in progress                     121,266,425.79                   –       121,266,425.79
                              3. Closing balance                        362,094,307.71      118,614,400.00       480,708,707.71
                       II. Accumulated depreciation and
                              accumulated amortization
                              1. Opening balance                        118,443,791.43       29,477,631.56       147,921,422.99
                              2. Increase during the current period      45,352,633.91        2,742,105.24        48,094,739.15
                                  (1) Provision or amortization          15,143,806.11        2,742,105.24        17,885,911.35
                                  (2) Inventories/fixed assets/
                                        transferred from construction
                                        in progress                      30,208,827.80                   –        30,208,827.80
                              3. Closing balance                        163,796,425.34       32,219,736.80       196,016,162.14
                       III. Carrying amount
                              1. Closing carrying amount                198,297,882.37       86,394,663.20       284,692,545.57
                              2. Opening carrying amount                122,384,090.49       89,136,768.44       211,520,858.93

                       Note:      Investment properties of the Company are the buildings in Mainland China, and these investment
                                  properties were leased to third parties under operating leases.




388   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XX) Investment properties (Continued)

         2.      Information of investment properties to which a certificate of title has not been obtained


                 □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


                 Other explanation


                 □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


    (XXI) Fixed assets


         Presentation of item


         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


         Item                                                           Closing balance        Opening balance


         Fixed assets                                                  4,580,968,030.17         4,689,690,366.70
         Disposal of fixed asset                                                       –

         Total                                                         4,580,968,030.17         4,689,690,366.70



         Other explanation:


         □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   389
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

                 Fixed assets


                 1.    Information about fixed assets


                       ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


                       2022
                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                        Means of          Electronic
                                                                                     Machinery     transportation    equipment and
                       Item                                        Buildings         equipment           vehicles            others               Total


                       I.     Original book value:
                              1.   Opening balance           4,816,260,733.53   1,179,230,190.13   430,411,738.71   1,473,488,635.47   7,899,391,297.84
                              2.   Increase during the
                                   current period                2,058,821.20    199,022,706.89      4,190,213.69    112,231,671.97     317,503,413.75
                                   (1) Acquisition                664,152.17     160,682,637.45      4,099,925.27     95,923,800.96     261,370,515.85
                                   (2) Transferred from
                                           construction in
                                           progress              1,394,669.03     38,340,069.44                       16,267,248.23      56,001,986.70
                                   (3) Others                              –                            90,288.42         40,622.78         130,911.20
                              3.   Decrease during the
                                   current period             102,499,902.02      22,059,698.63     11,939,715.46     30,446,442.79     166,945,758.90
                                   (1) Disposal or
                                           retirement            1,590,794.46     22,059,698.63     11,939,715.46     30,446,442.79      66,036,651.34
                                   (2) Investment
                                          properties          100,909,107.56                                                            100,909,107.56
                                   (3) Others
                              4.   Closing balance           4,715,819,652.71   1,356,193,198.39   422,662,236.94   1,555,273,864.65   8,049,948,952.69
                       II.    Accumulated depreciation
                              1.   Opening balance           1,062,775,607.10    812,019,593.26    391,057,388.67    943,816,224.05    3,209,668,813.08
                              2.   Increase during the
                                     current period           123,305,525.42      85,045,460.19     28,534,227.13     90,674,428.70     327,559,641.44
                                   (1) Provision              123,305,525.42      85,045,460.19     28,504,719.06     90,657,323.21     327,513,027.88
                                   (2) Others                              –                  –         29,508.07         17,105.49          46,613.56




390   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)


         Fixed assets (Continued)


         1.   Information about fixed assets (Continued)


                                                                                             Means of          Electronic
                                                                           Machinery    transportation    equipment and
              Item                                        Buildings       equipment           vehicles            others               Total


                     3.   Decrease during the
                            current period            10,610,419.70     20,034,783.37     9,353,146.39     28,281,300.60      68,279,650.06
                          (1) Disposal or
                                 retirement              877,404.02     20,034,783.37     9,353,146.39     28,281,300.60      58,546,634.38
                          (2) Investment
                                properties              9,733,015.68                                                           9,733,015.68
                          (3) Others
                     4.   Closing balance           1,175,470,712.82   877,030,270.08   410,238,469.41   1,006,209,352.15   3,468,948,804.46
              III. Provision for impairment
                     1.   Opening balance                         –         32,118.06               –                  –          32,118.06
                     2.   Closing balance                                   32,118.06                                             32,118.06
              IV. Carrying amount
                     1.   Closing carrying amount   3,540,348,939.89   479,130,810.25    12,423,767.53    549,064,512.50    4,580,968,030.17
                     2.   Opening carrying amount   3,753,485,126.43   367,178,478.81    39,354,350.04    529,672,411.42    4,689,690,366.70




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      391
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

                 2021

                                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                              Means of           Electronic
                                                                                            Machinery     transportation     equipment and
                 Item                                                     Buildings         equipment          vehicles              others              Total


                 I.     Original book value:
                        1.    Opening balance                      4,309,863,261.32   1,055,623,629.34   435,355,546.07    1,338,219,403.97   7,139,061,840.70
                        2.    Increase during the current period    663,835,091.47     131,203,825.61     13,526,412.22     213,689,818.65    1,022,255,147.95
                              (1) Acquisition                        16,470,019.85      50,043,742.97     12,890,420.82     175,507,583.96     254,911,767.60
                              (2) Transferred from construction
                                     in progress                    647,365,071.62      81,160,082.64       635,991.40       38,182,234.69     767,343,380.35
                        3.    Decrease during the current period    157,437,619.26        7,597,264.82    18,470,219.58      78,420,587.15     261,925,690.81
                              (1) Disposal or retirement             36,171,193.47        7,597,264.82    18,470,219.58      78,420,587.15     140,659,265.02
                              (2) Investment properties             121,266,425.79                  –                 –                  –     121,266,425.79
                        4.    Closing balance                      4,816,260,733.53   1,179,230,190.13   430,411,738.71    1,473,488,635.47   7,899,391,297.84
                 II.    Accumulated depreciation
                        1.    Opening balance                       989,829,488.90     723,024,585.59    372,340,512.07     849,604,105.05    2,934,798,691.61
                        2.    Increase during the current period    114,267,328.83     100,834,968.49     49,819,184.13     126,657,655.91     391,579,137.36
                              (1) Provision                         114,267,328.83     100,834,968.49     49,819,184.13     126,657,655.91     391,579,137.36
                        3.    Decrease during the current period     41,321,210.63      11,839,960.82     31,102,307.53      32,445,536.91     116,709,015.89
                              (1) Disposal or retirement             11,112,382.83      11,839,960.82     31,102,307.53      32,445,536.91      86,500,188.09
                              (2) Investment properties              30,208,827.80                  –                 –                  –      30,208,827.80
                        4.    Closing balance                      1,062,775,607.10    812,019,593.26    391,057,388.67     943,816,224.05    3,209,668,813.08
                 III. Provision for impairment
                        1.    Opening balance                                    –          32,118.06                 –                  –          32,118.06
                        2.    Closing balance                                    –          32,118.06                 –                  –          32,118.06
                 IV. Carrying amount
                        1.    Closing carrying amount              3,753,485,126.43    367,178,478.81     39,354,350.04     529,672,411.42    4,689,690,366.70
                        2.    Opening carrying amount              3,320,033,772.42    332,566,925.69     63,015,034.00     488,615,298.92    4,204,231,031.03

                 Notes:

                 1.          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, none of main fixed assets for production and operation of the
                             Company became temporarily idle.

                 2.          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company had no fixed assets with title restriction.

                 3.          As of the approval date of this financial statement, the Company was applying for title certificate and handling
                             registration or transfer procedures for houses and buildings with book values totaling RMB1,388,716,231.83 as
                             of 31 December 2022. The management of the Company believed that the Company has the right to legally and
                             effectively occupy and use the above-mentioned houses, and also believed that the above matters will not have
                             any significant adverse impact on the overall financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

392   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                         RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)


         2.   Temporarily-idle fixed assets


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


         3.   Fixed assets leased in through financial leases


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


         4.   Fixed assets leased out through operating leases


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


         5.   Fixed assets for which title certificates have not been obtained


              ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                       Reason for not having
              Item                                                  Carrying amount     the certificate of title


              Houses and buildings                                  1,388,716,231.83                In process



              Other explanation:


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


              Disposal of fixed assets


              □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   393
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXII) Construction in progress


                 Presentation of item


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                            Closing balance     Opening balance


                 Construction in progress                         891,536,403.93       800,282,649.47
                 Construction materials                                                             –

                 Total                                            891,536,403.93       800,282,649.47



                 Other explanation:


                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




394   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                            RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXII) Construction in progress (Continued)

         Construction in progress

         1.   Construction in progress

              ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                               Closing balance                                         Opening balance

                                              Gross carrying     Provision for                      Gross carrying        Provision for
              Item                                  amount         impairment    Carrying amount           amount          impairment     Carrying amount


              Technology upgrade of rail
                 transportation safety
                 control system                                                                      10,287,385.88                          10,287,385.88
              CRSC Changsha Industrial
                 Park Project                  26,753,204.70                        26,753,204.70    28,451,298.93                          28,451,298.93
              One Center Tower II (壹中
                 心 2 號樓) Renovation
                 Project                      657,621,681.63                      657,621,681.63    623,899,559.94                        623,899,559.94
              Industrial Project for Deeply
                 Autonomous Train
                 Control System of High-
                 Speed Railway (高速鐵
                 路深度自主化列控系統
                 產業化項目)                        24,672,735.10                        24,672,735.10
              The Research on
                 Electromagnetic
                 Environmental Effects
                 of Rail Transportation
                 and Construction of
                 Test Platform                 13,474,005.54                        13,474,005.54
              CRSC Electrochemical
                 Science and
                 Technology Mansion
                 (通號電化科創大廈)                    85,744,917.80                        85,744,917.80    63,345,958.30                          63,345,958.30
              Others                           83,269,859.16                        83,269,859.16    74,298,446.42                          74,298,446.42

              Total                           891,536,403.93                      891,536,403.93    800,282,649.47                        800,282,649.47




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022       395
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXII)   Construction in progress (Continued)

                    2.   Changes in important projects under construction for the current period


                         ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable


                         2022


                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                            Transferred into      Other                    Proportion of
                                                                                                fixed assets   decrease                          project
                                                              Opening     Increase during        during the during the          Closing    investment to    Source of
                         Project name                          balance         the period            period      period         balance      budget (%)         funds


                         One Center Tower II
                            (壹中心 2 號樓)                                                                                                                     Self-raised
                            Renovation Project           623,899,559.94     33,722,121.69                                 657,621,681.63          99.27         funds
                         CRSC Electrochemical
                            Science and Technology
                            Mansion                                                                                                                        Self-raised
                            (通號電化科創大廈)                    63,345,958.30     22,398,959.50                                  85,744,917.80          14.00         funds
                         CRSC Changsha Industrial                                                                                                          Self-raised
                            Park Project                  28,451,298.93      2,432,934.63      -4,131,028.86               26,753,204.70          94.45         funds
                         Industrial Project for Deeply
                            Autonomous Train
                            Control System of High-
                            Speed Railway (高速鐵
                            路深度自主化列控系統                                                                                                                     Self-raised
                            產業化項目)                                          24,672,735.10                                  24,672,735.10          70.00         funds
                         The Research on
                            Electromagnetic
                            Environmental Effects
                            of Rail Transportation
                            and Construction of Test                                                                                                       Self-raised
                            Platform                                        13,474,005.54                                  13,474,005.54          75.00         funds
                         Technology upgrade of rail
                            transportation safety                                                                                                          Self-raised
                            control system                10,287,385.88                      -10,287,385.88                                                     funds
                         Others                           74,298,446.42     50,554,984.70    -41,583,571.96                83,269,859.16

                         Total                           800,282,649.47    147,255,741.16    -56,001,986.70               891,536,403.93                             /


396   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                      RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXII)   Construction in progress (Continued)


             2.   Changes in important projects under construction for the current period (Continued)


                  2021


                                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                            Transferred into                      Proportion of
                                                                                    Transferred into    Transferred into   long-term prepaid                       total project
                                                    Opening            Increase         fixed assets   intangible assets    expenses during           Closing    investment in      Source of
                  Project name                      balance    during the period   during the period   during the period          the period         balance     the budget (%)          fund


                  Technology upgrade of
                      rail transportation
                      safety control
                      system                  85,566,760.59       6,785,393.47      -82,064,768.18                    –                   –     10,287,385.88           100.00     Equity fund
                  CRSC Changsha
                      Industrial Park
                      Project                 25,617,684.61       2,833,614.32                    –                   –                   –     28,451,298.93            94.45     Equity fund
                  One Center Tower II
                      (壹中心 2 號樓)
                      Renovation Project    1,225,522,120.84     52,002,760.23      653,625,321.13                    –                   –    623,899,559.94            99.22     Equity fund
                  CRSC Electrochemical
                      Science and
                      Technology
                      Mansion (通號電化
                      科創大廈)                   19,620,273.34      43,725,684.96                    –                   –                   –     63,345,958.30            10.56     Equity fund
                  Others                      64,979,148.07      47,598,073.57      -31,653,291.04        -3,525,000.00       -3,100,484.18     74,298,446.42                  /   Equity fund

                  Total                     1,421,305,987.45    152,945,526.55     -767,343,380.35        -3,525,000.00       -3,100,484.18    800,282,649.47                  /             /


                  (1)           As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company had no construction in
                                progress with title restriction.

                  (2)           As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company had no construction in
                                progress required to make impairment provision.




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022               397
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXII) Construction in progress (Continued)

                 3.    Provision for impairment of construction in progress made during the period


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable

                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable

                 4.    Construction materials


                       Construction materials


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


           (XXIII) Productive biological assets

                 1.    Productive biological assets measured under cost method


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                 2.    Productive biological assets measured at fair value


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable

           (XXIV) Oil and gas assets

                 □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




398   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXV) Right-of-use assets


         ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


         2022


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                             Means of
                                                                          Machinery     transportation
         Item                                               Buildings     equipment          vehicles             Total


         I.   Original book value:
              1. Opening balance                        377,413,880.51                   1,731,001.25    379,144,881.76
              2. Increase during the current period      79,456,699.10   3,401,363.71                     82,858,062.81
              3. Decrease during the current period      23,150,812.07                     676,057.95     23,826,870.02
              4. Closing balance                        433,719,767.54   3,401,363.71    1,054,943.30    438,176,074.55
         II. Accumulated depreciation
              1. Opening balance                        205,684,793.18                     832,631.52    206,517,424.70
              2. Increase during the current period      77,639,146.52     56,689.40        45,805.48     77,741,641.40
              3. Decrease during the current period      19,368,204.00                     676,057.95     20,044,261.95
              4. Closing balance                        263,955,735.70     56,689.40       202,379.05    264,214,804.15
         III. Provision for impairment
         IV. Carrying amount
              1. Closing carrying amount                169,764,031.84   3,344,674.31      852,564.25    173,961,270.40
              2. Opening carrying amount                171,729,087.33                     898,369.73    172,627,457.06




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   399
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXV) Right-of-use assets (Continued)


                 2021


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                      Means of
                                                                                  transportation
                 Item                                                 Buildings        vehicles                Total


                 I.   Original book value
                      1. Opening balance                         272,143,300.07   1,731,001.25        273,874,301.32
                      2. Increase during the current period      106,093,251.14               –       106,093,251.14
                      3. Decrease during the current period         822,670.70                –          822,670.70
                      4. Closing balance                         377,413,880.51   1,731,001.25        379,144,881.76
                 II. Accumulated depreciation
                      1. Opening balance                         133,527,884.09     786,826.04        134,314,710.13
                      2. Increase during the current period       72,831,070.82      45,805.48         72,876,876.30
                      3. Decrease during the current period         674,161.73                –          674,161.73
                      4. Closing balance                         205,684,793.18     832,631.52        206,517,424.70
                 III. Carrying amount
                      1. Closing carrying amount                 171,729,087.33     898,369.73        172,627,457.06
                      2. Opening carrying amount                 138,615,415.98     944,175.21        139,559,591.19




400   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXVI)   Intangible assets

             1.   Information about intangible assets

                  ✓ Applicable                 □ Not applicable

                  2022

                                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                        Unfinished            Customer
                  Item                                        Land use rights            Patents         Software          contract        relationships              Total


                  I.     Original book value
                         1.    Opening balance                2,451,378,126.02    835,733,248.41    372,303,772.76   169,921,119.24       244,325,834.78   4,073,662,101.21
                         2.    Increase during the current
                                 period                                           202,267,201.62     44,292,576.61                                          246,559,778.23
                                (1) Acquisition                                         4,800.00     34,072,249.08                                           34,077,049.08
                                (2) Internal R&D                                  201,815,986.42      7,848,877.77                                          209,664,864.19
                                (3) Others                                            446,415.20      2,371,449.76                                             2,817,864.96
                         3.     Decrease during the current
                                  period                          2,897,721.49                                                                                 2,897,721.49
                                (1) Disposal                      2,897,721.49                                                                                 2,897,721.49
                         4.     Closing balance               2,448,480,404.53   1,038,000,450.03   416,596,349.37   169,921,119.24       244,325,834.78   4,317,324,157.95
                  II.    Accumulated amortization
                         1.     Opening balance                444,258,023.74     392,387,871.09    347,085,474.39   169,921,119.24       190,297,671.48   1,543,950,159.94
                         2.     Increase during the current
                                 period                         50,960,448.67     101,296,907.45     30,990,141.20                         27,014,081.64    210,261,578.96
                                (1) Provision                   50,960,448.67     101,296,907.45     30,990,141.20                         27,014,081.64    210,261,578.96
                         3.     Decrease during the current
                                  period                           634,991.17                                                                                   634,991.17
                                (1) Disposal                       634,991.17                                                                                   634,991.17
                         4.     Closing balance                494,583,481.24     493,684,778.54    378,075,615.59   169,921,119.24       217,311,753.12   1,753,576,747.73
                  III.   Provision for impairment
                         1.     Opening balance
                         2.     Increase during the current
                                 period
                                (1) Provision
                         3.     Decrease during the current
                                  period
                                (1) Disposal
                         4.     Closing balance
                  IV. Carrying amount
                         1.     Closing carrying amount       1,953,896,923.29    544,315,671.49     38,520,733.78                         27,014,081.66   2,563,747,410.22
                         2.     Opening carrying amount       2,007,120,102.28    443,345,377.32     25,218,298.37               –         54,028,163.30   2,529,711,941.27

                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022           401
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXVI) Intangible assets (Continued)

                 1.    Information about intangible assets (Continued)

                       2021
                                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                            Unfinished            Customer
                       Item                                         Land use rights          Patents         Software         contract         relationships              Total


                       I.     Original book value
                              1.    Opening balance                2,451,378,126.02   644,286,691.29   344,277,693.65   169,921,119.24       244,325,834.78    3,854,189,464.98
                              2.    Increase during the current
                                    period                                       –    194,905,362.92    30,880,516.50               –                     –     225,785,879.42
                                     (1) Acquisition                             –      6,889,877.03    26,058,342.67               –                     –      32,948,219.70
                                     (2) Transferred from
                                                development
                                                expenditure                      –    188,015,485.89     1,297,173.83               –                     –     189,312,659.72
                                     (3) Transferred from
                                                construction in
                                                progress                         –                –      3,525,000.00               –                     –        3,525,000.00
                              3.     Decrease during the current
                                       period                                    –      3,458,805.80     2,854,437.39               –                     –        6,313,243.19
                                     (1) Disposal                                –      3,458,805.80     2,854,437.39               –                     –        6,313,243.19
                              4.     Closing balance               2,451,378,126.02   835,733,248.41   372,303,772.76   169,921,119.24       244,325,834.78    4,073,662,101.21
                       II.    Accumulated amortization
                              1.     Opening balance                393,269,528.30    320,376,951.68   300,141,696.61   169,921,119.24       163,283,589.84    1,346,992,885.67
                              2.     Increase during the current
                                      period                         50,988,495.44     75,462,453.42    47,340,896.91               –         27,014,081.64     200,805,927.41
                                     (1) Provision                   50,988,495.44     75,462,453.42    47,340,896.91               –         27,014,081.64     200,805,927.41
                              3.     Decrease during the current
                                       period                                    –      3,451,534.01      397,119.13                –                     –        3,848,653.14
                                     (1) Disposal                                –      3,451,534.01      397,119.13                –                     –        3,848,653.14
                              4.     Closing balance                444,258,023.74    392,387,871.09   347,085,474.39   169,921,119.24       190,297,671.48    1,543,950,159.94
                       III.   Carrying amount
                              1.     Closing carrying amount       2,007,120,102.28   443,345,377.32    25,218,298.37               –         54,028,163.30    2,529,711,941.27
                              2.     Opening carrying amount       2,058,108,597.72   323,909,739.61    44,135,997.04               –         81,042,244.94    2,507,196,579.31




402   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXVI) Intangible assets (Continued)


         1.    Information about intangible assets (Continued)


               2021 (Continued)

               Notes:


               (1)   As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company had no intangible assets with title
                     restriction.


               (2)   As at 31 December 2022, the intangible assets derived from internal research and development
                     accounted for 4.65% of the closing carrying amount of intangible assets (31 December 2021: 7.48%).


               As of the approval date of this financial statement, the Company has obtained the title certificates
               and completed the procedures for registration for the land use rights as at 31 December 2022.


         2.    Information about land use rights for which a certificate of title has not been obtained


               □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    403
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXVII) Development expenditure


                 ✓ Applicable              □ Not applicable


                 2022


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                      Increase during the period                                   Decrease during the period

                                                                         Internal                                                          Transferred to
                                                                    development                                   Recognised as             profit or loss
                 Item                        Opening balance         expenditure                   Others     intangible assets            for the period                 Others      Closing balance


                 Development expenditure       213,250,203.11      398,939,370.16                                 209,664,864.19          214,524,167.26                               188,000,541.82
                 Total                         213,250,203.11      398,939,370.16                                 209,664,864.19          214,524,167.26                               188,000,541.82



                 2021


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Increase during
                                                                                             the period                       Decrease during the period
                                                                                                       Internal                                              Transferred to
                                                                                               development                Recognised as                       profit or loss
                 Item                                           Opening balance                    expenditure         intangible assets                     for the period        Closing balance


                 Development expenditure                         139,208,125.21            720,842,161.43                189,312,659.72                457,487,423.81              213,250,203.11



                 Other explanation


                 The Company took the project defense as well as evaluation and review of expert team after the
                 establishment of the development projects as the starting point for capitalization, and each R&D project
                 was executed normally according to the progress of R&D milestones.




404   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXVIII) Goodwill


          1.    Original carrying amount of goodwill


                ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable


                2022


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase during   Decrease during
                                                                                  the period        the period
                                                                                Arising from
                Name of investee or matters                                        business
                resulting in goodwill                     Opening balance       combination           Disposal      Closing balance


                CRSC CASCO                                  201,027,354.70                –                 –        201,027,354.70
                Changsha Architectural Design Institute
                  Co., Ltd (長沙市建築設計院有限責任
                  公司) (“Changsha Design Institute”)          37,429,932.37                –                 –         37,429,932.37
                Zhengzhou Zhongyuan                          30,525,980.16                –                 –         30,525,980.16
                CRSC (Zhengzhou) Zhong’an
                  Engineering Co., Ltd. (中國鐵路通
                  信信號(鄭州)中安工程有限公司)
                  (“Zhengzhou Zhong’an”)                     27,673,509.65                –                 –         27,673,509.65
                CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment
                  Co., LTD. (通號萬全信號設備有限
                  公司) (“CRSC Wanquan”)                        3,865,524.80                –                 –          3,865,524.80
                CRSC First Construction Co., Ltd.
                  (通號建設集團第一工程有限公司)
                  (“First Construction”)                      3,802,223.24                –                 –          3,802,223.24
                Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical
                  Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海德意達電
                  子電器設備有限公司)
                  (“Shanghai Deuta”)                           669,345.89                 –                 –            669,345.89
                Others                                         330,257.77                 –                 –            330,257.77


                Total                                       305,324,128.58                –                 –        305,324,128.58




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   405
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXVIII) Goodwill (Continued)

                 1.    Original carrying amount of goodwill (Continued)

                       2021

                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                   Increase during          Decrease
                                                                                        the period   during the period
                                                                                      Arising from
                       Name of investee or matters                                       business
                       resulting in goodwill                     Opening balance      combination            Disposal    Closing balance


                       CRSC CASCO                                 201,027,354.70                –                   –    201,027,354.70
                       Changsha Architectural Design Institute
                         Co., Ltd (長沙市建築設計院有限責任
                         公司) (“Changsha Design Institute”)         37,429,932.37                –                   –     37,429,932.37
                       Zhengzhou Zhongyuan                         30,525,980.16                –                   –     30,525,980.16
                       CRSC (Zhengzhou) Zhong’an
                         Engineering Co., Ltd. (中國鐵路通
                         信信號(鄭州)中安工程有限公司)
                         (“Zhengzhou Zhong’an”)                    27,673,509.65                –                   –     27,673,509.65
                       CRSC Wanquan                                 3,865,524.80                –                   –      3,865,524.80
                       CRSC First Construction Co., Ltd.
                         (通號建設集團第一工程有限公司)
                         (“First Construction”)                     3,802,223.24                –                   –      3,802,223.24
                       Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical
                         Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海德意達電
                         子電器設備有限公司)
                         (“Shanghai Deuta”)                           669,345.89                –                   –        669,345.89
                       Others                                         330,257.77                –                   –        330,257.77


                       Total                                      305,324,128.58                –                   –    305,324,128.58


                 2.    Provision for impairment of goodwill

                       □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable




406   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXVIII) Goodwill (Continued)

         3.    Information about the asset group or combination of asset groups to which the goodwill
               belongs

               □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable

         4.    Explain the process of goodwill impairment test, key parameters (e.g. forecast period growth
               rate, stable period growth rate, profit rate, discount rate, forecast period, etc. in case of present
               value of expected future cash flow, if applicable) and the recognition method of goodwill
               impairment loss


               ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


               The Company allocates the carrying amount of goodwill of CRSC CASCO to the asset group that
               can benefit from the synergies of the business combination, and performs impairment test on this
               basis. The recoverable amount of the asset group is determined based on the higher of its net fair
               value less costs of disposal and the present value of estimated future cash flows of the asset group;
               indicating that the asset group is not impaired if either of which is more than the carrying amount of
               the asset group.


               The asset group of CRSC CASCO in this year is consistent with the asset group determined at the
               acquisition date and the goodwill impairment test in previous years. The determination of an asset
               group is based on whether the main cash inflow of the asset group is independent of other assets,
               as well as the way for the enterprise management to manage production and operation activities,
               and the decision-making method for the continued use or disposal of assets. In this year, CRSC
               CASCO confirmed that CRSC CASCO asset group portfolio was the smallest unit of asset groups
               with the combination of goodwill and its relevant assets based on the cash flow generated from
               goodwill. The cash flow generated from this asset group is independent of other assets or other
               asset groups, and the recoverable amount of the asset group is the present value of the estimated
               future cash -flows of CRSC CASCO. The amounts of key assumptions of the asset group related to
               impairment tests were consistent with the Company’s historical experience and external information.
               The key assumptions made by management in determining the present value of the cash flow
               forecast are as follows:


                                                                     31 December 2022          31 December 2021


               Forecast period                                                    5 years                  5 years
               Discount rate                                                      15.16%                   15.04%
               Average growth rate of income in the
                  forecast period                                                  2.00%                    4.00%




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    407
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXVIII) Goodwill (Continued)


                 4.    Explain the process of goodwill impairment test, key parameters (e.g. forecast period growth
                       rate, stable period growth rate, profit rate, discount rate, forecast period, etc. in case of present
                       value of expected future cash flow, if applicable) and the recognition method of goodwill
                       impairment loss (Continued)


                       As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the goodwill of the CRSC CASCO asset group
                       has not been impaired and therefore no provision for impairment was required.


                       The Company conducted impairment test on the allocation of goodwill resulting from the acquisition
                       of Zhengzhou Zhong’an, Zhengzhou Zhongyuan and Changsha Design Institute to the asset group.
                       The combination of asset groups is the combination which the goodwill combined with smallest
                       asset groups related to it, and the cash flow generated from this asset group was independent from
                       other assets or other asset groups, which was consistent with the combination of asset groups
                       determined at the date of purchase and during the impairment test for prior years. The recoverable
                       amount was determined according to the present value of the expected future cash flows of those
                       subsidiaries, and the expected future cash flows were determined according to the cash flow
                       forecast based on the 5-year financial budget approved by the management. The pre-tax discount
                       rates used in the cash flow forecast were 14.88%, 14.88% and 14.01% respectively (14.05%,
                       14.05% and 14.81% respectively in 2021). After testing, the management of the Company believes
                       that the goodwill generated by the acquisition of Zhengzhou Zhong’an, Zhengzhou Zhongyuan and
                       Changsha Design Institute has not been impaired, so no provision for impairment is required.


                       Assumptions were used to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows of
                       Zhengzhou Zhong’an, Zhengzhou Zhongyuan and Changsha Design Institute as at 31 December
                       2022 and 31 December 2021. The following details the key assumptions made by the management
                       in determining the cash flow forecast for goodwill impairment test:


                       Budget gross margin – The determination basis was to appropriately increase the average gross
                       margin that was realized in the year before the budget year on the basis of the expected efficiency
                       improvement and the expected market development.


                       Discount rate – The discount rate adopted was the pre-tax discount rate that reflects the specific
                       risks of the relevant asset group.


                       The amounts of key assumptions of the asset group related to impairment tests were consistent
                       with the Company’s historical experience and external information.




408   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                 RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXVIII) Goodwill (Continued)


         5.    Impact of goodwill impairment test


               □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable


               Other explanation


               □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable


    (XXIX) Long-term prepaid expenses


         ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


               2022


                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                    Increase during      Amortisation
               Item                              Opening balance         the period      for the period   Other deduction     Closing balance


               Costs of improvements to fixed
                 assets under operating leases      50,007,280.33     62,117,401.63      53,946,716.45                          58,177,965.51

               Total                                50,007,280.33     62,117,401.63      53,946,716.45                          58,177,965.51



               2021


                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                       Transferred from
                                                                     Increase during       construction       Amortisation
               Item                              Opening balance          the period        in progress      for the period    Closing balance


               Costs of improvements to fixed
                 assets under operating leases      52,132,184.27     19,909,111.56       3,100,484.18      25,134,499.68       50,007,280.33

               Total                                52,132,184.27     19,909,111.56       3,100,484.18      25,134,499.68       50,007,280.33




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      409
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities


                 1.    Deferred tax assets not offset


                       ✓ Applicable            □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                           Closing balance                             Opening balance
                                                                       Deductible                Deferred          Deductible                 Deferred
                                                                       temporary               income tax          temporary                income tax
                       Item                                             difference                 assets          difference                   assets


                       Provision for impairment of assets         1,750,308,264.26       374,068,256.34      1,203,514,009.49        264,049,363.06
                       Recognition of lease liabilities            177,874,906.78            32,006,755.02    162,800,666.72             29,294,300.98
                       Unrealized profits in intra-group
                         transactions                               64,388,077.44            16,097,019.36    117,051,523.38             28,262,880.84
                       Deferred income                             121,631,813.87            18,244,772.08    160,098,912.68             26,988,834.46
                       Estimated liabilities                        52,385,422.33             8,014,636.27     54,521,980.83              9,011,389.65
                       Unpaid employee benefits payable             57,967,291.93            11,371,459.36     48,020,478.00              9,521,795.02
                       Others                                       57,598,727.25            14,283,282.07     14,810,520.52              2,890,647.38

                       Total                                      2,282,154,503.86       474,086,180.50      1,760,818,091.62        370,019,211.39




410   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                               RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Continued)


         2.    Deferred tax liabilities not offset


               ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                  Closing balance                             Opening balance
                                                                Taxable                 Deferred            Taxable                  Deferred
                                                              temporary               income tax          temporary                income tax
               Item                                           difference                liabilities        difference                liabilities


               Asset valuation appreciation of
                 business combination not under
                 common control                            82,267,000.19            16,946,328.45     108,907,821.80            27,226,955.45
               Recognition of right-of-use assets         173,961,270.40            27,833,803.26     181,494,017.69            29,039,042.83
               Depreciation of fixed assets                97,379,975.50            14,606,996.33      46,562,831.77             6,984,424.77
               Floating profit and loss in portion of
                 positions of copper futures                1,147,350.00              172,102.50         179,100.00                26,865.00
               Others                                      48,046,379.80            12,042,853.87

               Total                                      402,801,975.89            71,602,084.41     337,143,771.26            63,277,288.05



         3.    Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated on a net basis after offset


               □ Applicable            ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022         411
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Continued)

                 4.    Breakdown of unrecognised deferred tax assets


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                Closing balance       Opening balance


                       Deductible temporary difference                        17,781,950.90        33,392,975.11
                       Deductible loss                                       388,763,146.27       210,418,204.81

                       Total                                                 406,545,097.17       243,811,179.92



                 5.    Deductible loss for which no deferred tax assets are recognised will become due in the
                       following years


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Year                                       Closing balance       Opening balance Remarks


                       2022                                                              100,020,681.17
                       2023                                             29,434,526.41     62,742,917.19
                       2024                                             16,533,026.26     13,098,485.21
                       2025                                             32,248,171.52     22,378,632.72
                       2026                                             80,296,496.37     12,177,488.52
                       2027                                             42,440,943.59
                       2028                                             23,797,531.72
                       2029                                             39,512,549.27
                       2030                                             44,389,191.09
                       2031                                             19,602,818.29
                       2032                                             60,507,891.75

                       Total                                           388,763,146.27    210,418,204.81         /



                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable



412   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                      RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXXI) Other non-current assets


         ✓ Applicable                 □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                      Closing balance                                            Opening balance
                                                             Gross       Provision for                                Gross          Provision for
         Item                                      carrying amount         impairment    Carrying amount     carrying amount           impairment    Carrying amount


         Project quality deposit                    290,595,597.80        4,002,634.26    286,592,963.54     253,265,977.92          1,583,032.59     251,682,945.33
         Prepayment for fixed assets                    335,695.00                            335,695.00      37,721,630.55                     –      37,721,630.55
         Construction period/PPP project payment
           without collection right                5,742,420,235.72      51,820,012.33   5,690,600,223.39   4,765,401,032.26        50,309,099.96    4,715,091,932.30

         Total                                     6,033,351,528.52      55,822,646.59   5,977,528,881.93   5,056,388,640.73        51,892,132.55    5,004,496,508.18



         Other explanation:

         Note:


         As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s book value of other non-current assets of RMB4,728,042,641.60 and book
         value of receivables of RMB465,060,456.80 (31 December 2021: other non-current assets of RMB4,426,249,414.22
         and receivables of RMB201,458,572.34), which were formed by the earning rights of the franchise pledged and
         all proceeds thereunder were used to obtain long-term loans of RMB3,464,075,719.17 (31 December 2021:
         RMB2,336,791,575.20). See Note “VII. (LXXXI)” for details.




                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022          413
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXXII) Short-term borrowings


                 1.    Breakdown of short-term borrowings


                       ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                        Closing balance           Opening balance


                       Pledged borrowings                                            252,669,967.41             48,875,684.59
                       Credit borrowings                                               8,500,000.00             26,754,000.00

                       Total                                                         261,169,967.41             75,629,684.59


                       Notes:


                       1.      As at 31 December 2022, the book value of bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills
                               pledged by the Company were RMB34,059,394.86 and RMB218,610,572.55, respectively, which was
                               used to obtain short-term loans of RMB252,669,967.41. As at 31 December 2021, the book value of
                               bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills pledged by the Company was RMB8,875,684.59
                               and RMB40,000,000.00, respectively, which was used to obtain short-term loans of RMB48,875,684.59.
                               Please see note “VII. (LXXXI)”).


                       2.      As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company had no unpaid overdue short-term
                               borrowing balance payable.


                 2.    Overdue but unpaid short-term borrowings


                       □Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


                       Major overdue but unpaid short-term borrowings:


                       □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable




414   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                      RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXXIII) Financial liabilities held-for-trading


          □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


    (XXXIV) Derivative financial liabilities


          □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


    (XXXV) Bills payable


          1.    Breakdown of bills payable


                ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Type                                             Closing balance        Opening balance


                Commercial acceptance bills                      1,477,540,520.22      1,378,390,031.99
                Bank acceptance bills                             782,613,750.58         922,404,421.22

                Total                                            2,260,154,270.80      2,300,794,453.21



                As of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company did not have overdue but unpaid
                bills payable.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   415
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXXVI) Accounts payable


                 1.    Accounts payable by aging on recording dates


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                                Closing balance         Opening balance


                       Within 1 year                                      32,360,518,932.24      38,334,305,236.02
                       1 to 2 years                                        9,728,128,194.22        4,640,322,277.65
                       2 to 3 years                                        4,125,561,674.48        2,070,833,881.05
                       Over 3 years                                        3,673,911,102.79        1,409,735,473.80

                       Total                                              49,888,119,903.73      46,455,196,868.52



                 2.    Major accounts payable aged over one year


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                       As at 31 December 2022, the total of the top five accounts payable aged over one year amounted
                       to RMB578,745,897.94.


                       As at 31 December 2021, the total of the top five accounts payable aged over one year amounted
                       to RMB647,646,905.46.


                       Other explanation


                       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




416   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                     RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXXVII) Receipts in advance

          1.     Breakdown of advance receipts

                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable

          2.     Major advance receipts aged over one year

                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable

                 Other explanation

                 □ Applicable        ✓ Not applicable

    (XXXVIII) Contract liabilities

          1.     Breakdown of contract liabilities

                 ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable

                                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                 Item                                                        Closing balance            Opening balance

                 Advances                                                    2,607,444,876.57           1,761,791,337.26
                 Incomplete project, settled                                 5,097,276,345.68           5,476,554,721.50

                 Total                                                       7,704,721,222.25           7,238,346,058.76


          2.     Amount of and reason for significant change in carrying amount within the Reporting Period

                 ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable

                                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                 Item                            Change in amount        Reasons for change

                                                                         Differences between the progress of collection
                 Advances                               845,653,539.31   and the progress of revenue recognition
                                                                         Differences between the progress of collection
                 Incomplete project, settled        -379,278,375.82      and the progress of revenue recognition

                 Total                                  466,375,163.49   /


                 Note: The contract liabilities of RMB4,530,261,848.04 included in the carrying amount as at 31 December 2021
                       have been transferred to revenue in 2022.


                 Other explanation:

                 ✓ Applicable        □ Not applicable


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022     417
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXXIX) Employee benefits payable


                 1.    Breakdown of employee benefits payable


                       ✓ Applicable          □ Not applicable


                       2022
                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Increase during    Decrease during
                       Item                                   Opening balance          the period         the period   Closing balance


                       I.     Short-term benefits               582,411,623.25   5,160,488,795.41   5,129,579,753.35    613,320,665.31
                       II. Post-employment benefits
                                (defined contribution plan)      30,370,965.95    661,288,465.36     654,204,277.69      37,455,153.62
                       III. Dismissal benefits                       50,396.79       5,631,009.21       5,681,406.00
                       IV. Other benefits due within
                                one year                         44,769,000.00     37,404,000.00      42,328,000.00      39,845,000.00

                       Total                                    657,601,985.99   5,864,812,269.98   5,831,793,437.04    690,620,818.93



                       2021
                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Increase during   Decrease during
                       Item                                   Opening balance          the period         the period    Closing balance


                       I.     Short-term benefits               529,364,508.45   4,894,522,660.26   4,841,475,545.46    582,411,623.25
                       II. Post-employment benefits
                                (defined contribution plan)      22,799,554.90    659,077,523.00     651,506,111.95      30,370,965.95
                       III. Dismissal benefits                       50,396.79       1,960,064.64       1,960,064.64         50,396.79
                       IV. Other benefits due within
                                one year                         47,921,000.00     41,951,000.00      45,103,000.00      44,769,000.00

                       Total                                    600,135,460.14   5,597,511,247.90   5,540,044,722.05    657,601,985.99




418   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXXIX) Employee benefits payable (Continued)


         2.   Breakdown of short-term remunerations


              ✓ Applicable          □ Not applicable


              2022


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                           Increase during    Decrease during
              Item                                      Opening balance          the period         the period      Closing balance


              I.     Wages, bonuses, allowances
                        and subsidies                     111,073,752.54   3,826,255,785.53   3,865,875,538.14        71,453,999.93
              II. Employee welfare benefits               250,443,668.84    306,523,795.61     244,141,699.61        312,825,764.84
              III. Social insurance premiums               59,414,423.39    360,945,455.18     357,899,766.93         62,460,111.64
              Including: Medical insurance
                            premiums                       58,664,167.65    340,673,892.25     337,973,813.95         61,364,245.95
                          Industrial injury insurance
                             premiums                        375,693.73      15,785,184.19      15,481,001.16            679,876.76
                          Maternity insurance
                             premiums                        374,562.01        4,486,378.74       4,444,951.82           415,988.93
              IV. Housing provident fund                    2,229,973.50    369,316,083.68     368,745,428.42          2,800,628.76
              V. Labor union funds and staff
                       education funds                    158,857,951.26     98,929,555.72      94,679,960.85        163,107,546.13
              VI. Other short-term remunerations             391,853.72     198,518,119.69     198,237,359.40            672,614.01

              Total                                       582,411,623.25   5,160,488,795.41   5,129,579,753.35       613,320,665.31




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   419
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XXXIX) Employee benefits payable (Continued)


                 2.    Breakdown of short-term remunerations (Continued)


                       2021


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                    Increase during   Decrease during
                       Item                                      Opening balance         the period         the period   Closing balance


                       I.     Wages, bonuses, allowances
                                 and subsidies                     82,657,923.75   3,567,987,999.28   3,539,572,170.49   111,073,752.54
                       II. Employee welfare benefits              237,875,376.84    318,522,343.22     305,954,051.22    250,443,668.84
                       III. Social insurance premiums              55,108,900.96    366,060,138.66     361,754,616.23     59,414,423.39
                       Including: Medical insurance
                                     premiums                      53,670,433.98    343,002,652.05     338,008,918.38     58,664,167.65
                                   Industrial injury insurance
                                      premiums                        538,972.72     15,669,457.04      15,832,736.03        375,693.73
                                   Maternity insurance
                                      premiums                        899,494.26       7,388,029.57       7,912,961.82       374,562.01
                       IV. Housing provident fund                   3,283,173.65    358,512,245.25     359,565,445.40      2,229,973.50
                       V. Labor union funds and staff
                                education funds                   150,197,946.72    103,927,623.92      95,267,619.38    158,857,951.26
                       VI. Other short-term remunerations             241,186.53    179,512,309.93     179,361,642.74        391,853.72

                       Total                                      529,364,508.45   4,894,522,660.26   4,841,475,545.46   582,411,623.25




420   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XXXIX) Employee benefits payable (Continued)


         3.   Breakdown of defined contribution plan


              ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


              2022
                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase during    Decrease during
              Item                             Opening balance          the period         the period       Closing balance


              1. Basic pension insurance           16,583,744.38    492,163,963.31     484,843,446.03         23,904,261.66
              2. Unemployment insurance              586,299.43      16,845,150.86      17,133,503.91            297,946.38
              3. Enterprise annuity payment        13,200,922.14    152,279,351.19     152,227,327.75         13,252,945.58

              Total                                30,370,965.95    661,288,465.36     654,204,277.69         37,455,153.62



              2021
                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                    Increase during   Decrease during
              Item                             Opening balance           the period         the period       Closing balance


              1. Basic pension insurance           11,201,815.15    479,528,601.79     474,146,672.56         16,583,744.38
              2. Unemployment insurance              674,629.12      17,445,471.62      17,533,801.31            586,299.43
              3. Enterprise annuity payment        10,923,110.63    162,103,449.59     159,825,638.08         13,200,922.14

              Total                                22,799,554.90    659,077,523.00     651,506,111.95         30,370,965.95



              Other explanation:


              □Applicable □Not applicable




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    421
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XL) Taxes payable


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                            Closing balance      Opening balance


                 Value-added tax                                  512,832,538.35       500,379,362.36
                 Enterprise income tax                            247,583,704.01       292,286,097.41
                 Individual income tax                            102,337,644.72        72,253,279.61
                 Urban maintenance and construction tax            16,826,734.30        16,469,037.53
                 Property tax                                       2,776,384.16         2,081,581.39
                 Educational surcharge                             12,599,319.35        12,494,768.05
                 Land use tax                                       1,206,864.00         1,186,917.27
                 Others                                             3,739,679.91         2,491,627.79

                 Total                                            899,902,868.80       899,642,671.41




422   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                 RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLI) Other payables


         Presentation of item


         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


         Item                                               Closing balance        Opening balance


         Interest payable
         Dividends payable                                   118,347,201.50
         Other payables                                     1,366,728,778.59      1,063,620,223.11

         Total                                              1,485,075,980.09      1,063,620,223.11



         Other explanation:


         □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


         Interest payable


        1.       Classified presentation


                 □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   423
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLI) Other payables (Continued)


                 Dividends payable


                 1.    Classified presentation


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                            Closing balance     Opening balance


                       China Railway Zhengzhou Group Co., Ltd.          117,216,300.00
                       Eltek AS                                             529,872.00
                       Zenitel Norway AS                                    458,280.00
                       Hangzhou Tianyue Win-Win Corporate Management
                         Partnership (Limited Partnership) (杭州天悅共贏企業
                         管理合夥企業(有限合夥))                                      142,749.50

                       Total                                            118,347,201.50



                 Other payables


                 1.    Breakdown of other payables by nature


                       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                                            Closing balance     Opening balance


                       Deposits and margins                             746,181,270.86      528,577,321.17
                       Current payments                                 294,065,046.01      315,903,956.33
                       Acquisition of fixed assets                      137,087,512.54      172,688,933.51
                       Public facility maintenance funds                 18,663,526.25       18,891,114.03
                       Others                                           170,731,422.93       27,558,898.07

                       Total                                           1,366,728,778.59   1,063,620,223.11




424   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLI) Other payables (Continued)


             Other payables (Continued)


             2.   Major other payables aged over one year


                  ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                  (1)     As at 31 December 2022, the total of the top five other accounts payable aged over one year
                          amounted to RMB91,137,731.94.


                  (2)     As at 31 December 2021, the total of the top five other accounts payable aged over one year
                          amounted to RMB78,208,306.64.


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                  Item                                                        Closing balance      Opening balance


                  Within 1 year                                                 848,872,303.09       863,525,097.36
                  1 to 2 years                                                  344,376,071.63        95,618,390.96
                  2 to 3 years                                                   78,139,763.23        62,825,011.45
                  Over 3 years                                                   95,340,640.64        41,651,723.34

                  Total                                                       1,366,728,778.59     1,063,620,223.11



                  Other explanation:


                  □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


    (XLII)   Liabilities held for sale

             □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   425
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLIII)   Non-current liabilities due within one year


                     ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                          Unit:Yuan Currency:RMB


                     Item                                                                  Closing balance        Opening balance


                     Long-term borrowings due within one year                             1,145,289,546.40         226,069,092.80
                     Long-term payables due within one year                                   32,003,740.26         37,438,695.03
                     Lease liabilities due within one year                                    59,801,371.37         65,052,808.37

                     Total                                                                1,237,094,658.03         328,560,596.20



                     See Note “VII. (XLV)” for details of long-term borrowings due within one year, see Note “VII. (XLVII)” for
                     details of lease liabilities due within one year, and see Note “VII. (XLVIII)” for details of long-term payables
                     due within one year.


           (XLIV)    Other current liabilities


                     Other current liabilities


                     ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                     Item                                                                  Closing balance        Opening balance


                     Estimated liabilities                                                    23,673,452.22         20,990,155.96
                     Output VAT to be transferred                                           791,848,155.22         455,083,428.53

                     Total                                                                  815,521,607.44         476,073,584.49



                     Increase or decrease in short-term bonds payable:


                     □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


                     Other explanation:


                     □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




426   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLV)   Long-term borrowings


            1.   Breakdown of long-term borrowings


                 ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                           Closing balance             Opening balance


                 Balance                                                        4,436,075,719.17           3,353,791,575.20
                 Pledged borrowings                                             3,464,075,719.17           2,336,791,575.20
                 Credit borrowings                                                972,000,000.00           1,017,000,000.00
                 Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                 1,145,289,546.40              226,069,092.80
                 Pledged borrowings                                               345,289,546.40              226,069,092.80
                 Credit borrowings                                                800,000,000.00
                 Long-term borrowings due after one year                        3,290,786,172.77           3,127,722,482.40
                 Pledged borrowings                                             3,118,786,172.77           2,110,722,482.40
                 Credit borrowings                                                172,000,000.00           1,017,000,000.00

                 Total                                                          3,290,786,172.77           3,127,722,482.40



                 Description of long-term borrowing classification:

                 Notes:

                 (1)     As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s book value of other non-current assets of RMB4,728,042,641.60
                         and book value of accounts receivable of RMB465,060,456.80 (31 December 2021: other non-current
                         assets of RMB4,426,249,414.22, and accounts receivable of RMB201,458,572.34) derived from the
                         pledged income right in and to the franchise and all proceeds thereunder were used to obtain long term
                         loans of RMB3,464,075,719.17 (31 December 2021: RMB2,336,791,575.20), including the amounts due
                         within one year of RMB345,289,546.40.


                 (2)     As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s credit borrowings amounted to RMB800,000,000.00 and
                         RMB172,000,000.00 were the credit borrowings from the Export-Import Bank of China by the head office
                         of the Company and the credit borrowings from the Bank of Chengdu were guaranteed by the Company’s
                         third-tier subsidiary First Construction for its subsidiary Yibin Tonghao Hongshun Project Management
                         Co., Ltd., respectively, including the amounts due within one year of RMB800,000,000.00. For the details
                         of long-term borrowings due within one year, please see Note “VII. (XLIII)” .




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022     427
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLV)    Long-term borrowings (Continued)


                    1.   Breakdown of long-term borrowings (Continued)


                         Other explanations, including interest rate range:


                         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                         The above borrowings are bank borrowings made with variable annual interest rates ranging from
                         2.90% to 5.39% (31 December 2021 ranged from 4.90% to 5.39%). As at 31 December 2022,
                         the long-term borrowing balance due within one to two years was RMB24,000,000.00, the long-
                         term borrowing balance due within two to five years was RMB442,947,076.77, and the long-term
                         borrowing balance due over five years was RMB2,823,839,096.00. (As at 31 December 2021, the
                         long-term borrowing balance due within one to two years was nil, the long-term borrowing balance
                         due within two to five years was RMB43,450,000.00, and the long-term borrowing balance due over
                         five years was RMB781,216,111.20).


           (XLVI)   Bonds payable


                    1.   Bonds payable


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                    2.   Increase or decrease in bonds payable (excluding preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other
                         financial instruments classified as financial liabilities)


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                    3.   Explanation about the conditions and timing of conversion of convertible corporate bonds


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




428   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                     RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLVI)   Bonds payable (Continued)


             4.   Explanation about other financial instruments classified as financial liabilities


                  Basic information on preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that are
                  outstanding at the end of the period


                  □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  Statement on changes in preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that are
                  outstanding at the end of the period


                  □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  Explanation about basis for classifying other -financial instruments as financial liabilities:


                  □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                  Other explanation:


                  □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   429
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLVII) Lease liabilities


                 ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                                     Closing balance               Opening balance


                 Lease liabilities                                                          177,874,906.78               162,800,666.72
                 Reclassified as non-current liabilities
                    due within one year                                                      59,801,371.37                65,052,808.37
                 Lease liabilities, net                                                     118,073,535.41                97,747,858.35

                 Total                                                                      118,073,535.41                97,747,858.35



                 Other explanation:


                 The book value of lease liabilities and its changes for the year are as follows:


                                                                                          Closing balance               Opening balance


                 Opening balance for the year                                               162,800,666.72               125,631,000.71
                 Increase for the year                                                       83,501,138.62               106,093,251.14
                 Interest expense                                                            11,045,192.88                 8,797,303.53
                 Decrease for the year – modification of lease                                  -824,916.95                 -476,775.63
                 Decrease for the year – lease payments                                     -78,647,174.49                -77,244,113.03
                 Closing balance for the year                                               177,874,906.78               162,800,666.72

                 Note: For the details of lease liabilities due within one year, please see Note “VII (XLIV)”.




430   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                     RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLVIII) Long-term payables


         Presentation of item


         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


         Item                                                   Closing balance        Opening balance


         Long-term payables                                        58,629,829.67         62,593,424.21
         Special payables

         Total                                                     58,629,829.67         62,593,424.21



         Other explanation:


         □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable


         Long-term payables


         1.      Breakdown of long-term payables by nature


                 ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                           Opening balance         Closing balance


                 Construction quality guarantee deposits           90,633,569.93        100,032,119.24
                 Less: Long-term payables due within one year      32,003,740.26         37,438,695.03

                 Total                                             58,629,829.67         62,593,424.21



                 Other explanation:


         Special payables


         2.      Breakdown of special payables by nature


                 □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable



                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   431
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable


                    ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                    1.   Statement on long-term employee benefits payable


                         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                         Item                                               Closing balance      Opening balance


                         Net liabilities under defined benefit plans
                           (supplemental retirement benefit)                 529,374,000.00       554,500,000.00
                         Long-term dismissal benefits
                           (internal retirement plan)                         14,078,000.00        21,044,000.00
                         Less: Remunerations payable within one year          39,845,000.00        44,769,000.00

                         Total                                               503,607,000.00       530,775,000.00




432   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)


             2.   Changes in defined benefit plans


                  Present value of obligations under defined benefit plans:


                  ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                   Amount incurred
                                                                         Amount incurred                 during the
                  Item                                                   during the period          previous period


                  I.   Opening balance                                        575,544,000.00        622,005,000.00
                  II. The defined benefit cost included in the
                         current profit and loss                               11,801,000.00         23,483,000.00
                       1. Current service costs                                                                   –
                       2. Past service costs                                   -1,854,000.00                      –
                       3. Settlement gains (losses indicated by “-”)           -2,859,000.00          4,090,000.00
                       4. Net interests                                        16,514,000.00         19,393,000.00
                  III. The defined benefits cost included in other
                         comprehensive income                                  -1,565,000.00        -24,841,000.00
                       1. Actuarial gains (losses indicated by “-”)            -1,565,000.00        -24,841,000.00
                       2. Others
                  IV. Other changes                                           -42,328,000.00        -45,103,000.00
                       1. Consideration paid at settlement                                                        –
                       2. Benefits paid                                       -42,328,000.00        -45,103,000.00
                       3. Others

                  V. Closing balance                                          543,452,000.00        575,544,000.00




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   433
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)


                    2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)


                         Plan assets:


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                         Net liabilities (net assets) under defined benefit plans


                         □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                         Explanation about impacts of the details of the defined benefit plan and its associated risks on the
                         Company’s future cash flow, timing, and uncertainty:


                         ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable

                         Note: The Company pays supplementary retirement benefits for its employees in Mainland China who retired
                               on and before 31 December 2012 in addition to the contributions made to statutory insurance plans.
                               Such supplementary retirement benefits are defined benefit plans. These plans include monthly pension
                               benefits, medical reimbursement benefits, annual medical insurance premiums, and funeral benefits for
                               employees who are retired. The Company’s obligations in respect of supplementary retirement benefits
                               are determined by estimating the amount of obligations that the Company is committed to paying to the
                               employees after their retirement using actuarial techniques. The amount of the subsidy is determined
                               based on the period during which the employee serves the Company and the relevant subsidy and
                               welfare policy.


                         Some employees of the Company have gone through internal retirement. The internal retirement
                         payables are accrued in the relevant legal entities within the Company during the period in which
                         the Company has entered into relevant agreements/documents with relevant employees or
                         informing individual employees of the specific internal retirement terms.


                         The specific terms of internal retirement vary depending on factors such as the position of the
                         relevant employee, length of service and the region of service.




434   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)


             2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)


                  Plan assets: (Continued)


                  The plan is subject to interest rate risk, risk of changes in life expectancy of pension beneficiaries,
                  and stock market risks.


                  Such supplementary retirement benefits are discounted with the discount rate which determined
                  by referring to the yield rate of the PRC treasury bonds with the maturity date similar to the period
                  of the obligations assumed by the Company at the end of the Reporting Period. The service cost
                  and net interest income and expenditures from the supplementary retirement benefits are recorded
                  in the profit or loss for the current period when incurred, while the changes in liabilities from the
                  remeasurement of supplementary retirement benefits are recorded in other comprehensive income.


                  No planned asset has been established for the defined benefit plan by the Company as at 31
                  December 2022 and 31 December 2021.


                  The actuarial method and key assumption adopted for the calculation of the Company’s
                  supplementary retirement benefits and internal retirement payables in each year/period are as
                  follows:


                  Name of the independent actuary:Towers Watson Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (韜睿惠悅管理
                  諮詢(深圳)有限公司), Wu Haichuan;


                  Qualifications: Member of the Society of Actuaries, member of the American Academy of Actuaries,
                  fellow of China Association of Actuaries and Chartered Enterprise Risk Analyst;


                  Actuarial method: The Company has adopted expected accumulated benefit unit method in its
                  annual actuarial valuation, and the rolling method in its interim actuarial valuation;


                  Key assumption: The annual growth rate of average medical costs, the annual growth rate of
                  unreimbursed funeral costs, the annual growth rate of supplementary pension benefits for retired
                  personnel, the annual growth rate of testament grant benefits, the annual growth rate of benefits for
                  internal retired personnel and the death rate remain unchanged.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   435
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)


                    2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)


                         The following table shows the main actuarial assumptions used on the balance sheet date:


                         Item                                                  31 December 2022          31 December 2021


                         Discount rate                                                      3.00%                     3.00%
                         Mortality rate                                        Average mortality      Average mortality rate
                                                                              rate of residents in            of residents in
                                                                                  Mainland China            Mainland China
                         Average life expectancy                                                16                        16
                         Annual growth rate of average
                           medical expenses                                                 8.00%                     8.00%
                         Growth rate of supplementary
                           pension benefits for retired
                           personnel                                                        3.00%                     3.00%
                         Annual growth rate of benefits
                           for internal retired personnel                                   4.50%                     4.50%



                         Explanation on the material actuarial assumptions and sensitivity analysis results of defined benefit
                         plans


                         ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable




436   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (XLIX)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)


             2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)


                  The following table provides a quantitative sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions used:


                                                                         (Decrease)/increase                    Increase/(decrease)
                                                                         in obligations under                   in obligations under
                  Item                                    Increase (%) defined benefit plans    Decrease (%) defined benefit plans


                  Discount rate                                  0.25        -14,441,000.00             0.25         15,419,000.00
                  Annual growth rate of average
                    medical expenses                             1.00         27,073,000.00             1.00        -22,622,000.00


                  The above sensitivity analysis is to infer the impact of reasonable change occurring to the key
                  assumptions on the balance sheet date on the obligations under the defined benefit plans.
                  Sensitivity analysis is made on the basis of changes in significant assumptions while other
                  assumptions remain unchanged. Since changes in assumptions are often not isolated from each
                  other, sensitivity analysis might not represent actual changes in the obligations under defined
                  benefit plans.


                  Other explanation:


                  □ Applicable         ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022      437
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (L)   Estimated liabilities


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                            Opening Balance   Closing balance    Cause of formation


                 Product quality guarantee                         44,409,443.04      42,272,884.54
                 Pending onerous contracts                         10,112,537.79      10,112,537.79
                 Less: Estimated liabilities due within
                    one year                                       20,990,155.96      23,673,452.22

                 Total                                             33,531,824.87      28,711,970.11                    /



                 2022
                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                           2022               2022                 2022
                                                                 Product quality   Pending onerous
                                                                      guarantee          contracts
                                                                 deposits (note)        and others                Total


                 Opening balance for the year                      44,409,443.04      10,112,537.79       54,521,980.83
                 Increase for the year                             48,591,659.60                          48,591,659.60
                 Reversal for the year                            -25,260,267.69                         -25,260,267.69
                 Use for the year                                 -25,467,950.41                         -25,467,950.41
                 Closing balance for the year                      42,272,884.54      10,112,537.79       52,385,422.33
                 Including: estimated liabilities due within
                    one year                                       23,673,452.22                 –        23,673,452.22

                                                                   18,599,432.32      10,112,537.79       28,711,970.11




438   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                           RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (L)   Estimated liabilities (Continued)


          2021
                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                           2021                     2021                     2021
                                                               Product quality        Pending onerous
                                                                     guarantee                 contracts
                                                               deposits (note)               and others                      Total


          Opening balance for the year                          50,831,899.20            10,847,823.53            61,679,722.73
          Increase for the year                                 16,828,259.84                           –         16,828,259.84
          Reversal for the year                                    -375,811.31              -735,285.74           -1,111,097.05
          Use for the year                                     -22,874,904.69                           –        -22,874,904.69
          Closing balance for the year                          44,409,443.04            10,112,537.79            54,521,980.83
          Including: estimated liabilities due within
            one year                                            20,990,155.96                           –         20,990,155.96

                                                                23,419,287.08            10,112,537.79            33,531,824.87


          Note: The Company estimates the quality guarantee deposits according to the sales revenue and the estimated
                warranty rate taking into account the different stages of the product life cycle of different products. The estimated
                rate of warranty occurrence is based on the historical experience data of the actual occurrence of warranty for
                the same type of products, and may be estimated according to significant changes due to the different stages of
                product life cycle of different products and similar products. As at the balance sheet date, the quality guarantee
                deposits that the Company expects to incur in the future under the above method shall be included into the profit
                or loss for the period.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022      439
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LI) Deferred income


                 Deferred income situation


                 ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


                 2022
                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                            Increase for     Decrease for
                 Item                                  Opening balance        the period        the period    Closing balance


                 Government grants related to assets      70,263,540.42     5,710,000.00      7,765,525.24      68,208,015.18
                 Government grants related to income      89,835,372.26   152,845,625.50     95,871,419.48     146,809,578.28

                 Total                                   160,098,912.68   158,555,625.50    103,636,944.72     215,017,593.46



                 2021
                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase for     Decrease for
                 Item                                   Opening balance        the period        the period    Closing balance


                 Government grants related to assets      73,362,003.10                –      3,098,462.68      70,263,540.42
                 Government grants related to income      77,572,429.65    63,938,079.36     51,675,136.75      89,835,372.26

                 Total                                   150,934,432.75    63,938,079.36     54,773,599.43     160,098,912.68



                 Other explanation:


                 □ Applicable       ✓ Not applicable




440   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LII) Other non-current liabilities


         □ Applicable      ✓ Not applicable


    (LIII) Share capital


         ✓ Applicable      □ Not applicable


         2022
                                                                                       Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                Changes for
         Item                                             Opening balance    the period (+, -)      Closing balance


         CRSC Group                                       6,686,069,771.51                          6,686,069,771.51
         China National Machinery Industry Corporation
           (中國機械工業集團有限公司)                                   63,507,192.00                              63,507,192.00
         China Chengtong Holdings Group Limited
           (中國誠通控股集團有限公司)                                   63,507,192.00                              63,507,192.00
         China Guoxin Holding Co., Ltd.
           (中國國新控股有限責任公司)                                   63,507,192.00                              63,507,192.00
         CICC Jiacheng Investment Management
           Co., Ltd. (中金佳成投資管理有限公司)                         26,070,000.00                              26,070,000.00
         National Council for Social Security Fund
           (全國社保基金理事會)                                     178,982,000.00                             178,982,000.00
         Overseas-listed H shares                         1,708,175,652.49                          1,708,175,652.49
         Domestic-listed A shares                         1,800,000,000.00                          1,800,000,000.00

         Total                                           10,589,819,000.00                       10,589,819,000.00




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   441
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LIII) Share capital (Continued)


                 2021


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Changes for the
                 Item                                             Opening balance        period (+, -)      Closing balance


                 CRSC Group                                       6,604,426,424.00    81,643,347.51         6,686,069,771.51
                 China National Machinery Industry Corporation
                   (中國機械工業集團有限公司)                                   63,507,192.00                             63,507,192.00
                 China Chengtong Holdings Group Limited
                   (中國誠通控股集團有限公司)                                   63,507,192.00                             63,507,192.00
                 China Guoxin Holding Co., Ltd.
                   (中國國新控股有限責任公司)                                   63,507,192.00                             63,507,192.00
                 CICC Jiacheng Investment Management
                   Co., Ltd. (中金佳成投資管理有限公司)                         26,070,000.00                             26,070,000.00
                 National Council for Social Security Fund
                   (全國社保基金理事會)                                     178,982,000.00                            178,982,000.00
                 Overseas-listed H shares                         1,789,819,000.00   -81,643,347.51         1,708,175,652.49
                 Domestic-listed A shares                         1,800,000,000.00                          1,800,000,000.00

                 Total                                           10,589,819,000.00                       10,589,819,000.00




442   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                            RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LIV) Other equity instruments

         1.   Basic information on preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that are
              outstanding at the end of the period


              ✓ Applicable                    □ Not applicable


              As at 31 December 2022, the details of the Company’s outstanding perpetual bonds are as follows:


              Outstanding financial                                   Accounting       Dividend rate                                                       Expiry date or      Condition of Transformation
              instruments                            Issue date     classification or interest rate       Issue price        Number             Amount     renewal status      conversion            status


              2021 First Tranche of Medium-
                term Notes of China Railway
                Signal & Communication
                Corporation Limited           15 December 2021    Perpetual bonds              3.32%          100.00    28,000,000.00   2,800,000,000.00       Unexpired             None                No
              Total                                                                                           100.00    28,000,000.00   2,800,000,000.00



              As at 31 December 2021, the details of the Company’s outstanding perpetual bonds are as follows:


              Outstanding financial                                    Accounting       Dividend rate                                                       Expiry date or     Condition of   Transformation
              instruments                            Issue date       classification   or interest rate   Issue price        Number             Amount      renewal status      conversion            status


              2021 First Tranche of Medium-
                term Notes of China Railway
                Signal & Communication
                Corporation Limited           15 December 2021     Perpetual bonds             3.32%          100.00    28,000,000.00   2,800,000,000.00        Unexpired            None                No
              Total                                                                                           100.00    28,000,000.00   2,800,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022                443
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LIV) Other equity instruments (Continued)


                 2.    Statement on changes in preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that
                       are outstanding at the end of the period


                       ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Outstanding financial instruments      Beginning of the period        Increase for the period     Decrease for the period           End of the period
                                                                                 Carrying                     Carrying                    Carrying                         Carrying
                                                             Number               amount     Number            amount     Number           amount      Number                  amount


                       Perpetual bonds                     28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38                                                           28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38
                       Total                               28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38                                                           28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38



                       Changes (increase or decrease) during the period, reasons for such changes and basis for relevant
                       accounting treatment of other equity instruments:


                       □ Applicable                ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanations:


                       ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable

                       Note:


                       The Company issued 2021 First Tranche of Medium-term Notes of China Railway Signal & Communication
                       Corporation Limited in the amount of RMB2,800,000,000.00 on 15 December 2021. The net proceeds
                       raised after deducting the underwriting expenses of RMB3,064,339.62 for the Medium-term Notes was
                       RMB2,796,935,660.38. The Company recorded the Medium-term Notes with its net proceeds from the issuance
                       net off underwriting expenses and included in other equity instruments. The initial investment period is 3 years,
                       and the interest rate of the initial investment period is fixed at 3.32%. The Company has the right to choose to
                       defer the interest payment. After the expiration, the Company has the right to choose renewal; the reset rate
                       during the renewal period jumped 300 basis points based on the annual interest rate applicable to the previous
                       investment period.




444   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LV) Capital reserve

         ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                                Increase for   Decrease for
         Item                                               Opening balance      the period      the period       Closing balance


         Capital premium (share capital premium)            15,538,873,267.94                                    15,538,873,267.94
         Fiscal appropriation                                    8,670,000.00                                         8,670,000.00
         Acquisition of minority interest of subsidiaries        9,240,638.86                                         9,240,638.86
         Adjustment on long-term equity
           under interest method                                  660,686.75                      40,035.61            620,651.14
         Others                                               406,663,539.95                                       406,663,539.95

         Total                                              15,964,108,133.50                     40,035.61      15,964,068,097.89



    (LVI) Treasury stocks


         □ Applicable           ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022     445
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LVII) Other comprehensive income


                 ✓ Applicable                          □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan              Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                       Amount for the period
                                                                                                                                          Less: Amount
                                                                                                                      Less: Amount           transferred                                            Amount
                                                                                                                      transferred to         to retained                             Amount      attributable
                                                                                                                      profit or loss           earnings                        attributable to         to the
                                                                                                    Amount before        from other          from other                            the parent       minority
                                                                                                        income tax comprehensive comprehensive                 Less: Income         company shareholders
                 Item                                                          Opening balance    during the period         income              income         tax expenses          after tax      after tax   Closing balance


                 I. Other comprehensive income not reclassified into
                        profit or loss                                          -208,221,000.00       1,565,000.00                                                               1,565,000.00                    -206,656,000.00
                 Including: Changes of the re-measurement of defined
                                  benefit plan                                  -208,221,000.00       1,565,000.00                                                               1,565,000.00                    -206,656,000.00
                 II. Other comprehensive income reclassified to profit
                        or loss                                                   24,585,347.32      -16,534,172.13                                                            -16,773,824.74     239,652.61        7,811,522.58
                 Including: Other comprehensive income that may be
                                  transferred to profit or loss under equity
                                  method
                             Changes in fair value of
                                  receivables financing                          4,692,421.18         -877,922.66                                                              -1,117,575.27     239,652.61       3,574,845.91
                             Hedging reserve arising from cash flows            20,697,985.28      -17,353,786.82                                                             -17,353,786.82                      3,344,198.46
                             Differences on translation of foreign
                                  currency financial statements                    -805,059.14       1,697,537.35                                                              1,697,537.35                         892,478.21

                 Total other comprehensive income                              -183,635,652.68     -14,969,172.13                                                             -15,208,824.74     239,652.61     -198,844,477.42




446   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                      RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LVII) Other comprehensive income (Continued)


                                                                                                                              Amount for last period
                                                                                                                          Less: Amount
                                                                                                         Less: Amount     transferred to
                                                                                                         transferred to        retained                                              Amount
                                                                                                         profit or loan        earnings                              Amount attributable to
                                                                                       Amount before        from other       from other                    attributable to the   the minority
                                                                  Closing balance          income tax comprehensive comprehensive           Less: Income    parent company shareholders
          Item                                                        of last year   during the period         income           income      tax expenses             after tax      after tax   Closing balance


          I. Other comprehensive income not reclassified into
                 profit or loss                                   -233,062,000.00       24,841,000.00                                                          24,841,000.00                    -208,221,000.00
          Including: Changes of the re-measurement of defined
                           benefit plan                           -233,062,000.00       24,841,000.00                                                          24,841,000.00                    -208,221,000.00
          II. Other comprehensive income reclassified to profit
                 or loss                                            25,371,392.87         -784,149.35                                                            -786,045.55        1,896.20      24,585,347.32
          Including: Hedging reserve arising from cash flows        21,772,817.52        -1,074,832.24                                                          -1,074,832.24                     20,697,985.28
                      Differences on translation of foreign
                           currency financial statements              -501,228.13         -303,831.01                                                             -303,831.01                       -805,059.14
                      Changes in fair value of
                           receivables financing                     4,099,803.48          594,513.90                                                             592,617.70        1,896.20       4,692,421.18

          Total other comprehensive income                        -207,690,607.13       24,056,850.65                                                          24,054,954.45        1,896.20    -183,635,652.68




                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022              447
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LVIII) Special reserve


                 ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


                 2022


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase for     Decrease for
                 Item                   Opening balance              the period        the period    Closing balance


                 Safety production
                    expenses              267,880,349.13         420,048,073.14    344,434,223.10        343,494,199.17

                 Total                    267,880,349.13         420,048,073.14    344,434,223.10        343,494,199.17



                 2021


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                    Increase for     Decrease for
                 Item                    Opening balance              the period        the period       Closing balance


                 Safety production
                    expenses              306,215,150.31         383,119,362.80    421,454,163.98        267,880,349.13

                 Total                    306,215,150.31         383,119,362.80    421,454,163.98        267,880,349.13




448   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LIX) Surplus reserve


         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


         2022


                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                           Increase for         Decrease for
         Item                  Opening balance               the period            the period     Closing balance


         Statutory surplus
           reserve              1,811,324,694.45        231,644,115.72                            2,042,968,810.17

         Total                  1,811,324,694.45        231,644,115.72                            2,042,968,810.17



         2021


                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                           Increase for          Decrease for
         Item                   Opening balance              the period            the period        Closing balance


         Statutory surplus
           reserve              1,597,958,257.98        213,366,436.47                       –    1,811,324,694.45

         Total                  1,597,958,257.98        213,366,436.47                       –    1,811,324,694.45



         Description of surplus reserve, including changes in the period and reason for the changes:


         According to the Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall
         withdraw statutory surplus reserve fund at 10% of its net profit. If the accumulative amount of the statutory
         surplus reserve is more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, the statutory surplus reserve fund
         shall no longer be withdrawn.


         After the Company withdraws the statutory surplus reserve fund, it can withdraw discretionary surplus
         reserve fund. Upon approval, the discretionary surplus reserve can be used to make up for losses of the
         preceding year or increase share capital.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   449
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LX) Retained earnings


                 ✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                                Current period                  Last period


                 Retained earnings at the end of last period before
                    adjustment                                                    12,308,220,568.86          11,512,862,059.38
                 Total amount of retained earnings at the beginning of
                    the adjustment period (increase +, decrease -)                                                              –
                 Retained earnings at the beginning of the period after
                    adjustment                                                    12,308,220,568.86          11,512,862,059.38
                 Add: Net profits attributable to owners of the parent
                           during the current period                               3,633,640,258.62           3,274,672,689.28
                 Less: Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve                    231,644,115.72              213,366,436.47
                          Appropriation to discretionary surplus reserve
                          Accrual of general risk reserves
                          Dividend payables of ordinary shares                     1,800,269,230.00           2,117,963,800.00
                          Dividend of ordinary shares converted into share
                            capital
                 Dividends paid to other equity holders                                92,960,000.00             118,143,333.33
                 Appropriation to employee reward and welfare fund                     31,511,574.00              29,840,610.00
                 Others                                                                                                         –

                 Retained earnings at the end of the period                       13,785,475,907.76          12,308,220,568.86


                 Notes:


                 (1)    In accordance with the resolution at the 2021 annual general meeting of Company, on 11 June 2022, the
                        Company declared dividends for the remaining distributable profits as of 31 December 2021, and distributed
                        cash dividend of RMB0.17 per share (including tax), with total amount of RMB1,800,269,230.00.


                 (2)    Appropriation to employee reward and welfare fund for the current period resulted in a decrease of
                        RMB31,511,574.00 in retained earnings.


                 (3)    Dividends paid to other equity holders for the current period resulted in a decrease of RMB92,960,000.00 in
                        retained earnings.




450   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                             RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXI) Revenue and costs of sales

         1.   Revenue and costs of sales


              ✓ Applicable           □ Not applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                        Amount incurred during the period       Amount incurred during the previous period
              Item                                            Revenue                   Cost              Revenue                     Cost


              Principal operations                  39,818,754,300.00       30,366,694,766.32   37,995,464,971.24        29,589,474,872.44
              Other operations                          384,453,473.29         314,046,819.77      362,832,137.54           257,400,798.90

              Total                                 40,203,207,773.29       30,680,741,586.09   38,358,297,108.78        29,846,875,671.34



              Revenue is presented as follows:


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  2022                              2021


              Rail transportation control system                                  29,408,391,368.97              28,081,473,559.38
                 Equipment manufacturing                                            5,575,023,023.62                5,593,359,700.72
                 System implementation                                            14,076,059,317.09              12,868,789,308.02
                 Design and integration                                             9,757,309,028.26                9,619,324,550.64
              Construction contracting                                            10,729,797,684.06              10,211,703,641.11
              Others                                                                    65,018,720.26                  65,119,908.29

                                                                                  40,203,207,773.29              38,358,297,108.78




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022      451
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXI) Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)


                 1.    Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)


                       Cost of sales is listed as follows:


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                             2022                  2021


                       Rail transportation control system        21,231,816,680.78    20,615,607,750.80
                          Equipment manufacturing                 3,422,790,768.16     3,421,823,804.96
                          System implementation                  12,149,977,685.25    11,271,853,009.22
                          Design and integration                  5,659,048,227.37     5,921,930,936.62
                       Construction contracting                   9,428,340,154.55     9,193,313,039.98
                       Others                                       20,584,750.76         37,954,880.56

                                                                 30,680,741,586.09    29,846,875,671.34




452   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXI) Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)


         2.   Revenue generated from contracts


              ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


              2022


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                              Rail transportation        Construction
              Contract type                      control system           contracting           Others                   Total


              By region of operation
                China                          27,904,938,390.46     10,729,797,684.06    65,018,720.26      38,699,754,794.78
                Other countries and regions     1,503,452,978.51                                              1,503,452,978.51


              2021


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                               Rail transportation        Construction
              Contract type                        control system           contracting         Others                   Total


              By region of operation
                China                          26,976,569,092.59     10,211,703,641.11    65,119,908.29      37,253,392,641.99
                Other countries and regions     1,104,904,466.79                     –               –        1,104,904,466.79

              Total                            28,081,473,559.38     10,211,703,641.11    65,119,908.29      38,358,297,108.78



              Explanation of revenue generated from contracts:


              □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022     453
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXI) Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)


                 3.    Details of performance obligation


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                       2022


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                       Rail transportation        Construction
                                                          control system           contracting           Others                Total


                       Time of revenue recognition
                       Revenue recognised at a
                         certain point of time           5,575,023,023.62                          65,018,720.26    5,640,041,743.88
                       Revenue recognised within a
                         certain period of time         23,833,368,345.35     10,729,797,684.06                    34,563,166,029.41

                       Total                            29,408,391,368.97     10,729,797,684.06    65,018,720.26   40,203,207,773.29



                       2021


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                        Rail transportation        Construction
                                                            control system           contracting         Others                Total


                       Time of revenue recognition
                       Revenue recognised at a
                         certain point of time           4,498,099,623.97                          65,119,908.29    4,563,219,532.26
                       Revenue recognised within a
                         certain period of time         23,583,373,935.41     10,211,703,641.11                    33,795,077,576.52

                       Total                            28,081,473,559.38     10,211,703,641.11    65,119,908.29   38,358,297,108.78




454   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXI) Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)


         4.   Explanation about allocation to the remaining performance obligations


              ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


              Other explanation:


              Typically, the construction contracts or service rendering contracts provided by the Group as a
              whole constitutes a single performance obligation and is a performance obligation performed within
              a certain period of time. As of 31 December 2022, some of the Group’s construction contracts or
              service rendering contract are still in the process of performance. The transaction price allocated
              to the outstanding (or partially outstanding) performance obligations is related to the performance
              progress of the corresponding construction contract or service rendering contract, and will be
              recognized as revenue on the basis of the performance progress in the future performance period
              of the corresponding construction contract or service rendering contract.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   455
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXII)    Taxes and surcharges


                     ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred              during the
                     Item                                        during the period       previous period


                     Urban maintenance and construction tax         80,180,473.67         87,212,479.95
                     Educational surcharge                          59,722,491.91         65,416,528.73
                     Property tax                                   57,874,205.18         57,410,972.66
                     Land use tax                                   10,637,570.58         11,570,661.30
                     Stamp duty                                     25,424,336.37         27,744,625.80
                     Others                                          7,695,529.65          4,331,388.42

                     Total                                         241,534,607.36        253,686,656.86



           (LXIII)   Selling and distribution expenses

                     ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred              during the
                     Item                                        during the period       previous period


                     Employee benefits                             521,875,083.04        495,162,695.14
                     Sales service expenses                        136,195,807.98        132,025,500.76
                     Office and rental expenses                     28,362,880.81         30,046,029.59
                     Tendering expenses                             49,496,689.45         46,132,049.80
                     Depreciation and amortization expenses          6,032,515.92          6,335,783.89
                     Others                                         70,148,329.58         87,069,798.24

                     Total                                         812,111,306.78        796,771,857.42




456   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXIV) General and administrative expenses


         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                           Amount incurred
                                                                  Amount incurred                during the
         Item                                                    during the period          previous period


         Employee benefits                                        1,429,725,243.28        1,353,667,745.85
         Safety production expenses                                 208,351,889.52          177,618,771.59
         Depreciation and amortization expenses                     287,595,401.34          241,217,142.00
         Office and rental expenses                                 187,453,539.36          166,467,716.28
         Travel costs and business entertainment expenses            45,092,085.74           54,648,452.28
         Others                                                     131,776,314.92          123,362,191.27

         Total                                                    2,289,994,474.16        2,116,982,019.27



         Explanation on others:


         The audit fees of the Group for the year was RMB6,360,000.00 (2021: RMB9,150,000.00).


    (LXV) Research and development expenses

         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                           Amount incurred
                                                                  Amount incurred                during the
         Item                                                    during the period          previous period


         Labor expenses                                           1,029,009,234.86          978,785,273.66
         Materials expenses                                         177,208,907.38          205,408,476.85
         Testing and processing expenses                            139,792,112.54           98,145,585.43
         Depreciation and amortization expenses                      78,076,419.04           86,110,668.19
         Administrative expenses                                     65,399,624.22           69,087,991.24
         Travel costs                                                34,333,263.13           34,687,867.46
         Others                                                     165,991,035.46          166,269,040.37

         Total                                                    1,689,810,596.63        1,638,494,903.20


                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   457
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXVI) Finance costs


                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred              during the
                 Item                                            during the period       previous period


                 Interest expense                                  110,995,320.48         94,342,569.44
                 Less: Interest income                             407,442,103.32        482,214,091.74
                 Exchange loss                                    -116,087,250.19         33,061,151.72
                 Financial institutions commissions                174,550,503.73         42,428,616.33

                 Total                                            -237,983,529.30       -312,381,754.25



           (LXVII) Other income

                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred              during the
                 Item                                            during the period       previous period


                 Government grants                                 361,030,269.21        336,893,708.75
                 Additional deduction of input tax                     938,018.84
                 Withholding of personal income tax fees             4,855,057.85
                 VAT directly exempted                                     978.66

                 Total                                             366,824,324.56        336,893,708.75




458   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                       RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXVII) Other income (Continued)


         Other explanation:


         Government grants credited to other income:


                                                                                         Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred               during the
         Item                                                    during the period        previous period


         Government grants related to assets
           Other grants                                              6,959,552.89           1,289,503.65
         Government grants related to income
           Refund of taxes                                         144,115,082.55         155,186,020.42
           Other grants                                            209,955,633.77         180,418,184.68

         Total                                                     361,030,269.21         336,893,708.75



    (LXVIII) Investment income

         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Amount incurred
                                                                 Amount incurred               during the
         Item                                                    during the period        previous period


         Income from long-term equity investments under
            the equity method                                       96,310,729.93          86,129,094.82
         Investment income from disposal of long-term
            equity investments                                                  –             381,153.40
         Dividend income from debt investments during
            the holding period                                      11,364,993.67          11,364,993.67
         Realized gain (loss) from ineffective portion of cash
         flow hedges                                                 2,650,493.61           1,254,059.81
         Investment income generated from debt restructuring        12,168,420.51          14,204,713.31
         Others                                                       -898,981.44             577,068.49

         Total                                                     121,595,656.28         113,911,083.50




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   459
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXIX) Gains on net exposure hedges


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (LXX) Gains on changes in fair value


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (LXXI) Credit impairment losses

                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                              Amount incurred
                                                                       Amount incurred              during the
                 Item                                                  during the period       previous period


                 Losses from bad debts of bills receivable                 5,158,589.95
                 Losses from bad debts of accounts receivable            380,737,154.28        161,945,192.51
                 Losses from bad debts of other receivables               45,350,797.41         33,420,301.56
                 Losses from bad debts of long-term receivables          159,884,901.57          -1,707,152.89
                 Reversal/(losses) from bad debts of non-current
                    assets due within one year                               136,023.70           -202,460.57
                 Reversal/(losses) from bad debts of retention money
                    in other non-current assets                            3,930,514.04          1,446,159.99
                 Losses from impairment of receivables financing            -877,922.66            594,513.90

                 Total                                                   594,320,058.29        195,496,554.50




460   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                 RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXII) Losses from impairment of assets


         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                   Amount incurred
                                                           Amount incurred               during the
         Item                                              during the period        previous period


         Losses from decline in value of inventories and
         impairment losses on contract performance cost           -29,369.65            -275,772.34
         Contract asset impairment losses                     -37,155,672.08         65,004,542.56

         Total                                                -37,185,041.73         64,728,770.22



    (LXXIII) Gains on disposal of assets

         ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                   Amount incurred
                                                           Amount incurred               during the
         Item                                              during the period        previous period


         Gains on disposal of fixed assets                     -1,005,999.02         35,918,865.82
         Gains on disposal of intangible assets               30,605,932.68              30,510.25

         Total                                                29,599,933.66          35,949,376.07




                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   461
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXIV) Non-operating income

                 Information about non-operating income


                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount incurred     Amount included in
                                                      Amount incurred               during the   current non-recurring
                 Item                                 during the period        previous period           profit or loss


                 Income from damage and
                    scrapping of non-current
                    assets                                       584,856.40                               584,856.40
                 Government grants                          8,970,852.07         4,228,959.03           8,970,852.07
                 Compensation payments                      4,516,921.68         5,372,226.23           4,516,921.68
                 Accounts unpayable                       15,393,017.03        20,111,170.32           15,393,017.03
                 Others                                   18,815,242.14        15,114,542.48           18,815,242.14

                 Total                                    48,280,889.32        44,826,898.06           48,280,889.32



           (LXXV) Non-operating expenses

                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount incurred     Amount included in
                                                      Amount incurred               during the   current non-recurring
                 Item                                 during the period        previous period           profit or loss


                 Total losses from disposal of
                    non-current assets                      4,349,752.52         1,303,916.09           4,349,752.52
                 Including: losses from
                    disposal of fixed assets                4,349,752.52         1,303,916.09           4,349,752.52
                 External donation                               595,000.00    10,660,200.00              595,000.00
                 Lawsuit compensation                                              350,500.00
                 Others                                     4,932,834.30         2,996,697.89           4,932,834.30

                 Total                                      9,877,586.82       15,311,313.98            9,877,586.82




462   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                        RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXVI) Income tax expenses

         1.   Table for income tax expenses

              ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable

                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                    Amount for the          Amount for the
              Item                                                   current period            last period

              Current income tax expenses                           737,792,019.18         641,172,724.26
              Deferred income tax expenses                          -95,742,172.75         -60,170,627.96

              Total                                                 642,049,846.43         581,002,096.30


         2.   Adjustment process for accounting profit and income tax

              ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable

                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                    Amount for the          Amount for the
              Item                                                   current period            last period

              Total profit                                         4,742,693,708.16      4,273,912,182.62
              Income tax at the statutory/applicable
                income tax rate                                    1,185,673,427.04      1,068,478,045.66
              Effect of different tax rates for subsidiaries        -320,388,495.04       -289,648,928.04
              Effect of non-deductible cost, expenses and loss        26,434,709.17         31,978,261.78
              Tax effect of deductible losses and deductible
                temporary differences not recognized                   5,408,209.73          4,757,693.85
              Utilization of the tax effect of deductible losses
                and temporary differences not recognized in
                previous years                                        -2,445,919.99           -119,073.17
              Tax effect of additional deductions                   -179,151,216.38       -121,276,672.25
              Adjustment on the income tax prevailing in
                previous period                                      -26,527,532.65        -80,966,092.03
              Effect of non-taxable income                            -7,624,815.27        -10,668,865.79
              Profit and loss attributable to joint ventures
                and associates                                       -24,077,682.48        -21,532,273.71
              Others                                                 -20,142,677.68                     –

              Income tax expenses                                   642,049,846.43         581,002,096.30




                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   463
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXVI) Income tax expenses (Continued)

                 2.    Adjustment process for accounting profit and income tax (Continued)

                       Notes: The Group’s income tax has been provided at the applicable rate on the estimated profits assessable
                              arising in the PRC during the period. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the
                              applicable rates of tax prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates, based on existing
                              legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.


                               Share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates in 2022 was RMB24,077,682.48 (2021:
                               RMB21,532,273.71). These shares of tax are included in the “income from investments in joint ventures
                               and associates” in the consolidated income statement.


                       Other explanation:

                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




464   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                         RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXVII) Other comprehensive income


         ✓Applicable □ Not applicable


         Please refer to Note VII. (LVII) for details


    (LXXVIII) Items in statement of cash flows


         1.    Other cash received related to operating activities


               ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                      Amount for the              Amount for
               Item                                                    current period          the last period


               Income from other businesses                           279,986,800.77         405,665,474.28
               Government grants                                      271,833,867.44         232,081,956.26
               Interest income                                        229,417,038.23         172,305,219.74
               Others                                                  57,562,063.14           22,515,673.96

               Total                                                  838,799,769.58         832,568,324.24



         2.    Other cash paid related to operating activities


               ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                      Amount for the              Amount for
               Item                                                    current period          the last period


               Research and development expenses                      548,391,679.60         573,598,961.35
               Safety production expenses                             208,351,889.52         177,618,771.59
               Travel and business hospitality expenses                79,425,348.87           54,648,452.28
               Others                                                 779,116,908.08         556,554,650.03

               Total                                                 1,615,285,826.07       1,362,420,835.25




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022    465
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXVIII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)


                 3.    Other cash received related to investment activities


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount for the        Amount for the
                       Item                                                   current period            last period


                       Futures margin                                          18,508,756.41
                       Interest income                                        164,750,954.22       309,908,872.00

                       Total                                                  183,259,710.63       309,908,872.00



                 4.    Other cash paid related to investment activities


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount for the        Amount for the
                       Item                                                   current period            last period


                       Futures margin                                                               17,537,919.08

                       Total                                                                        17,537,919.08




466   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXVIII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)


         5.    Other cash received related to fund-raising activities


               □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable



         6.    Other cash paid relating to fund-raising activities


               ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                         Amount for the             Amount for
               Item                                                       current period         the last period


               Rental expenses and others                               1,495,908,382.53        303,214,723.13

               Total                                                    1,495,908,382.53        303,214,723.13




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   467
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXIX) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

                 1.    Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                     Amount for the           Amount for the
                       Supplementary information                                      current period          previous period

                       1. Adjustment of net profit to cash flow of
                            operating activities:
                       Net profit                                                   4,100,643,861.73        3,692,910,086.32
                       Add: assets impairment provision                               -37,185,041.73           64,728,770.22
                       Credit impairment losses                                       594,320,058.29          195,496,554.50
                       Depreciation and amortization of investment properties          16,440,537.51           17,885,911.35
                       Depreciation of fixed assets, oil and gas assets,
                          productive biological assets                               327,513,027.88          391,579,137.36
                       Amortization of right-of-use assets                            77,684,511.77           72,876,876.30
                       Amortization of intangible assets                             210,261,578.96          200,805,927.41
                       Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                     53,946,716.45           25,134,499.68
                       Loss from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                          other long-term assets (income as sign “-”)                 -29,599,933.66          -35,949,376.07
                       Loss from scrap of fixed assets (income as sign “-”)             3,764,896.12
                       Loss from fair value change (income as sign “-”)
                       Financial costs (income as sign “-”)                           261,762,054.03         -188,746,471.26
                       Investment loss (income as sign “-”)                          -121,595,656.28         -113,911,083.50
                       Decrease in deferred income tax assets
                         (increase as sign “-”)                                      -104,066,969.11          -81,828,619.22
                       Increase in deferred income tax liabilities
                         (decrease as sign “-”)                                        -8,324,796.36           21,657,991.26
                       Decrease in special reserve                                     76,291,823.01          -37,422,858.45
                       Decrease in inventories (increase as sign “-”)                 114,063,286.45           -3,013,282.38
                       Decrease in operating receivables (increase as sign “-”)    -4,911,199,201.36       -3,351,416,709.14
                       Increase in operating payables (decrease as sign “-”)        1,413,968,945.85        1,897,914,136.68
                       Others                                                          43,471,961.33

                       Net cash flow generated from operating activities            2,082,161,660.88        2,768,701,491.06
                       2. Significant investment and financing activities not
                            involving cash receipts and payments:
                       Conversion of debt into capital
                       Convertible corporate bonds due within one year
                       Fixed assets acquired under financing leases
                       3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents:
                       Ending Balance of Cash                                      17,241,658,431.27       17,595,724,106.74
                       Less: opening balance of cash                               17,595,724,106.74       18,184,861,073.07
                       Add: closing balance of cash equivalents
                       Less: opening balance of cash equivalents

                       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                     -354,065,675.47         -589,136,966.33

468   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                          RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXIX) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)


         2.   Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries during the period


              □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


         3.   Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries during the period


              □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


         4.   Composition of cash and cash equivalents


              ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Item                                                  Closing balance         Opening balance


              I.   Cash                                            17,241,658,431.27      17,595,724,106.74
                   Including: Cash on hand                               567,662.59              455,141.96
                            Bank deposits available for
                                 payment                           17,241,090,768.68      17,595,268,964.78
                            Other monetary funds available for
                                 payment
                            Funds deposited with the central
                                 bank that are available for
                                 payment
              II. Cash equivalents
                   Including: Bond investment due within
                                 three months
              III. Closing balance of cash and cash
                   equivalents                                     17,241,658,431.27      17,595,724,106.74
                   Including: Cash and cash equivalents
                                 with restrictions on use by the
                                 parent or subsidiaries within
                                 the Group



              Other explanation:


              □ Applicable ✓Not applicable




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   469
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXX) Notes to items in statement of changes in owner’s equity


                 Explanation of the name of “Others” item that adjusted the closing balance at the end of last year and the
                 amount of adjustment, etc.:


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (LXXXI) Assets with restricted ownership or right of use


                 ✓ Applicable    □Not applicable


                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                          Closing
                                                                      Closing     carrying amount               Reasons
                 Item                                      carrying amount            of last year        for Restrictions


                                                                                                          Acceptance bill
                                                                                                     deposits, guarantee
                                                                                                           letter deposits
                 Monetary funds                              457,150,025.99       500,621,987.32              and others
                 Bills receivable                            218,610,572.55                          Pledged borrowings
                 Receivables for financing                       34,059,394.86     48,875,684.59     Pledged borrowings
                 Accounts receivable                         465,060,456.80       201,458,572.34     Pledged borrowings
                 Other non-current assets                  4,728,042,641.60      4,426,249,414.22    Pledged borrowings

                 Total                                     5,902,923,091.80      4,676,583,671.15                        /




470   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                            RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXXII) Foreign currency monetary items


          1.    Foreign currency monetary items


                ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan


                                                    Ending balance of                         Ending balance in
                Item                                  foreign currency       Exchange rate      RMB equivalent


                Monetary funds                                      –                    –       524,344,621.28
                   US Dollar                             10,227,044.91              6.9646        71,227,276.98
                   Euro                                  17,930,799.83              7.4229       133,098,534.06
                   HK Dollar                            245,262,667.55              0.8933       219,085,783.04
                   Indian Rupee                             756,705.58              0.0842            63,714.61
                   Others                             8,517,815,156.05                           100,869,312.59
                Accounts receivable                                 –                    –        38,600,343.23
                   US Dollar                              5,542,363.27              6.9646        38,600,343.23
                Accounts payable                                    –                    –            53,460.27
                   US Dollar                                  7,676.00              6.9646            53,460.27



          2.    Notes on the overseas operating entities, including, for significant overseas operating entities,
                the necessary disclosure of main overseas operating places, functional currency and selection
                basis, as well as reasons for changes of the functional currency


                □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (LXXXIII) Hedging

          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   471
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXXIV) Government grants


                 1.    Basic information of government grants


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                    Amount included
                                                                                                    in current profits
                       Type                                            Amount     Item reported               or loss


                       Government grants related to assets
                       Other research grants                       5,957,395.08   Other income/         5,957,395.08
                                                                                    non-operating
                                                                                    income
                       Demolition grants                           1,808,130.16   Other income/         1,808,130.16
                                                                                    non-operating
                                                                                    income
                       Government grants related to income
                       Refund of taxes                           144,115,082.55   Other income        144,115,082.55
                       Other research grants                     209,955 633.77   Other income        209,955 633.77


                 2.    Return of government grants


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


           (LXXXV) Others

                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




472   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             RMB



VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (LXXXV) Others (Continued)


         1.    As lessee


                                                                             Amount for the      Amount for the
               Item                                                          current period           last period


               Interest expense on lease liabilities                          10,125,376.63         4,479,715.18
               Short-term lease expense under simplified approach
                 included in the current profit or loss on the cost of the
                 relevant asset                                               89,540,384.62      101,847,861.67
               Lease expense of low-value assets (except short-term
                 lease expense of low-value assets) under simplified
                 approach included in the cost of the relevant asset or
                 the current profit or loss                                      875,615.14         4,153,742.04
               Variable lease payments not included in the
                 measurement of lease liabilities included in the
                 current profit or loss on the cost of the relevant asset
                 Including: Portion arising from the sale and leaseback
                                 transaction
               Income from sublease of right-of-use assets                       200,624.47           388,545.18
               Total cash outflows relating to leases                        138,351,192.79      145,960,981.04
               Profit or loss arising from the sale and leaseback
                 transaction
               Cash inflow from the sale and leaseback transaction
               Cash outflow from the sale and leaseback transaction


               The Company’s potential future cash outflows that are not included in the measurement of lease
               liabilities are primarily derived from leases that are committed but have not yet commenced.


               The Company’s expected future cash outflows relating to leases that are committed but have not
               yet commenced are as follows:


                                                                                                  Undiscounted
               Remaining lease term                                                             lease payments


               Within 1 year                                                                       48,939,313.31
               1 to 2 years                                                                        45,582,953.25
               2 to 3 years                                                                        29,997,255.37
               Over 3 years                                                                         8,767,206.36

               Total                                                                             133,286,728.29


                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   473
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (LXXXV)     Others (Continued)


                 2.    As lessor


                       Operating lease


                                                                                   Amount for the       Amount for the
                                                                                    current period           last period


                       Recurring rental income
                       Including: Income related to variable lease payments
                                      that are not included in lease receipts        25,880,383.80        22,241,973.82



                       The undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:


                                                                                   Amount for the       Amount for the
                       Remaining lease term                                         current period           last period


                       Within 1 year                                                  3,987,054.37         3,647,297.61
                       1 to 2 years                                                   3,291,382.84         2,623,507.33
                       2 to 3 years                                                   3,296,621.21         3,039,941.24
                       Over 3 years                                                   2,497,161.04         4,720,921.24

                       Total                                                         13,072,219.46        14,031,667.42




474   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                            RMB



VIII. CHANGES ON SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

   (I)    Business combination of entities not under common control

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

   (II)   Business combination of entities under common control

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

   (III) Reverse takeover

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

   (IV) Disposal of subsidiaries

          Whether or not the loss of control occurs immediately after a single disposal of investment in the
          subsidiaries

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

          Other explanation:

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

   (V)    Changes in scope of consolidation due to other reasons

          ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

          In 2022, the scope of consolidation increased by 1 subsidiary as compared with the previous year,
          including 3 subsidiaries newly established and 2 subsidiaries deregistered. The details are as follows:

          1.   On 18 May 2022, CRSC CASCO and CRSCS, second-tier subsidiaries of the Company, established
               a new subsidiary, CASCO Signal (Xi’an) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯信號（西安）有限公司) with 65% and 35%
               equity investment.

          2.   On 20 July 2022, CRSC CASCO and CRSCS, second-tier subsidiaries of the Company, established
               a new subsidiary, CASCO Signal (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. (卡斯柯信號（徐州）有限公司) with 65% and
               35% equity investment.

          3.   On 16 August 2022, the Company and CRSC Group established CRSC Group Finance Limited (通
               號集團財務有限公司) with 95% and 5% equity investment.

          4.   On 8 October 2022, CRSCE, a second-tier subsidiary of the Company, deregistered its wholly-
               owned subsidiary, CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Information Technology Co., Ltd.(通號工程局
               集團信息技術有限公司).

          5.   On 12 December 2022, the Company deregistered its wholly-owned subsidiary, CRSC (Beijing) Rail
               Industry Group Co., Ltd. (通號（北京）軌道工業集團有限公司).

   (VI) Others

          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   475
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

            (I)   Interests in subsidiaries

                  1.   Composition of enterprise group


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                      Places of                                                                     Shareholding percentage of
                                                                     Type of the      principal    Place of                                                               the Group (%)
                       Name of subsidiaries                          corporate        activities   registration   Nature of business              Paid-in capital       Direct        Indirect   Means of acquisition

                       CRSC (Xi’an) Rail Industry Group Co., Ltd. limited liability   Xi’an        Xi’an          Equipment               2,148,657,600.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          (通號（西安）軌道交通工業集團有限公司) company                                                              manufacturing
                       CRSC Cables Company Ltd. (通號電纜集團 limited liability             Zhengzhou    Zhengzhou      Equipment               347,500,000.00                100.00              –    Incorporation
                          有限公司)                                       company                                       manufacturing
                       Beijing National Railway Research & Design limited liability   Beijing      Beijing        Design integration      2,010,000,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Institute of Signal & Communication Co., company
                          Ltd. (北京全路通信信號研究設計院集團
                          有限公司)
                       CASCO Signal Ltd. (卡斯柯信號有限公司) limited liability                Shanghai     Shanghai       Design integration      600,000,000.00                 51.00              –    Business combination
                                                                      company                                                                                                                       not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                                    control
                       CRSC Communication & Information Group limited liability       Beijing      Beijing        Design integration      232,749,317.00                100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Company Ltd. (通號通信信息集團                   company
                          有限公司)
                       CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., limited liability      Beijing      Beijing        Design integration      100,000,000.00                100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Ltd. (通號城市軌道交通技術有限公司)                    company
                       China Railway Signal & Communication limited liability         Shanghai     Shanghai       System delivery         1,500,000,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Shanghai Engineering Bureau Group        company                                          service and design
                          Co., Ltd. (中國鐵路通信信號上海工程局                                                                  integration
                          集團有限公司)
                       CRSC Engineering Group Company Ltd. limited liability          Beijing      Beijing        System delivery service 1,095,000,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          (通號工程局集團有限公司)                            company
                       CRSC International Holdings Company limited liability          Beijing      Beijing        Design integration      463,000,000.00                100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Limited (通號國際控股有限公司)                     company
                       CRSC Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.    limited liability      Beijing      Beijing        Investment              3,000,000,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          (通號創新投資有限公司)                             company                                           management
                       CRSC (Changsha) Rail Transit Control limited liability         Changsha     Changsha       System delivery service 1,228,750,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          Technology Company Limited (通號           company
                         （長沙）軌道交通控制技術有限公司)
                       CRSC Construction Group Co., Ltd.       limited liability      Changsha     Changsha       General engineering     1,100,060,000.00              100.00              –    Incorporation
                          (通號建設集團有限公司)                             company                                          contracting
                       Zhengzhou Zhongyuan Railway Engineering limited liability      Zhengzhou    Zhengzhou      General engineering     384,904,540.27                 65.00              –    Business combination
                          Co., Ltd. (鄭州中原鐵道工程有限責任                  company                                          contracting and                                                                not under common
                          公司)                                                                                       system delivery                                                                control
                                                                                                                    service
                       CRSC (Zhengzhou) Electrification Bureau limited liability      Zhengzhou    Zhengzhou      General engineering                                                            Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                         65.00              –
                         Co., Ltd. (通號（鄭州）電氣化局有限公司) company                                                         contracting                                                                     not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                                    control
                       CRSC Jishou Huatai Pipeline Project limited liability          Jishou       Jishou         Project management      580,000,000.00                 90.00              –    Incorporation
                         Management Co., Ltd. (吉首通號華泰管 company                                                       of engineering
                         廊項目管理有限責任公司)                                                                                and operation and
                                                                                                                     maintenance




476   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                              RMB



IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)
      (I)   Interests in subsidiaries (Continued)

            1.   Composition of enterprise group (Continued)

                                                                               Places of                                                               Shareholding percentage of
                                                             Type of the       principal     Place of                                                        the Group (%)
                 Name of subsidiaries                        corporate         activities    registration   Nature of business       Paid-in capital       Direct        Indirect     Means of acquisition

                 CRSC Jishou Tengda Project Management limited liability       Jishou        Jishou         Project management      450,000,000.00          90.00              –      Incorporation
                   Co., Ltd. (吉首通號騰達項目管理有限責 company                                                            of engineering
                   任公司)                                                                                        and operation and
                                                                                                               maintenance
                 China Railway Signal & Communication limited liability        Hong Kong, the Hong Kong,    Technical exchange         2,581,200.00        100.00              –      Incorporation
                    International Co., Ltd. (中國通號國際有限 company                     PRC            the PRC       and trade
                    公司)
                 CRSC (Jiangsu) Smart City Construction & limited liability    Taixing       Taixing        Design integration      400,000,000.00          88.00           2.00      Incorporation
                    Development Co., Ltd. (通號（江蘇）智慧 company
                    城市建設開發有限公司)
                 CRSC (Beijing) Tendering Company Ltd. limited liability       Beijing       Beijing        Bidding agency             5,000,000.00        100.00              –      Incorporation
                    (通號（北京）招標有限公司)                            company
                 CRSC Group Finance Limited (通號集團財 limited liability           Beijing       Beijing        Financial services     2,000,000,000.00         95.00              –      Incorporation
                    務有限公司)                                    company                                          company

                 Notes:

                 1.          All the companies above are limited liability companies.

                 2.          For changes on major subsidiaries for the year, please refer to Note “VIII. Changes on scope of
                             consolidation” .

                 3.          The Articles of Association stipulate that CRSC CASCO is a Sino-foreign joint venture, with the Board as
                             its highest authority, and the proportion of voting rights is calculated according to the proportion of seats
                             on the Board. The Board of CRSC CASCO consists of seven members, including four from CRSC.

            2.   Significant non-wholly owned subsidiaries

                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                               Current profits
                                                                                Shareholding                       and losses           Current dividends                          Ending balance
                                                                               percentage of                   attributable to          declared and paid                            of interest of
                                                                              non-controlling                 non-controlling           to non-controlling                         non-controlling
                 Name of subsidiary                                             shareholders                    shareholders                 shareholders                            shareholders

                 CRSC CASCO                                                                  49%              -409,689,373.26                 302,758,456.00                   1,005,250,088.32


                 Explanations for the inconsistency of shareholding percentage of non-controlling shareholders of
                 subsidiaries with proportion of their voting rights:

                 □Applicable ✓ Not applicable

                 Other explanations:

                 □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022                  477
478


                                                           IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)

                                                                 (I)   Interests in subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                       3.   Main financial information of significant non-wholly owned subsidiaries


                                                                            ✓ Applicable □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                     Closing balance

                                                                            Name of subsidiary                  Current assets          Non-current assets                   Total assets          Current liabilities          Non-current liabilities               Total liabilities


                                                                            CRSC CASCO                        5,331,917,150.06                1,230,903,570.04          6,562,820,720.10            4,439,620,418.21                         87,019,801.20           4,526,640,219.41
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                                                     Opening balance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                            Name of subsidiary                  Current assets            Non-current assets                  Total assets             Current liabilities         Non-current liabilities              Total liabilities


                                                                            CRSC CASCO                        4,785,508,190.31                1,253,851,192.69          6,039,359,383.00            4,044,577,772.59                     101,034,454.59              4,145,612,227.18



                                                                                                                            Amount for the current period                                                                    Amount for the previous period

                                                                                                                                                Total comprehensive     Cash flows from                                                        Total comprehensive      Cash flows from
                                                                            Name of subsidiary              Revenue              Net profit                 income    operating activities             Revenue                  Net profit                 income     operating activities


                                                                            CRSC CASCO               4,504,904,430.45      874,082,582.64            874,543,303.68     1,071,624,759.99      4,205,399,745.45           739,429,768.37             739,429,768.37        840,487,746.93
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                           RMB



IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)

      (I)   Interests in subsidiaries (Continued)


            4.   Major restrictions on the use of assets of the Group and repayment of debts of the Group


                 □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


            5.   Financial support or other support provided for structured entities included in the scope of
                 consolidated financial statements


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 Other explanations:


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


            6.   Transaction in which the share of shareholder’s interests in the subsidiary changes while
                 control over the subsidiary remaining unchanged


                 □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   479
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)

            (II)   Interests in the joint venture or associate

                   ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                  Accounting method
                                                        Places of                                                      Shareholding percentage    for Investments of   If it is strategic for
                                                        principal          Place of                                        of the Group (%)       joint ventures or    the activities of the
                   Name of joint ventures or associates activities         registration     Nature of business            Direct       Indirect   associates           Group

                   Joint ventures
                   Wenzhou-Hangwen High-Speed              Wenzhou City    Wenzhou City     Commercial services            29.99                  Equity method        Yes
                       Railway Investment Partnership
                       (LLP) (溫州杭溫高鐵投資合夥企業
                       (有限合夥))
                   Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd. (西 Xi’an City      Xi’an City       Manufacturing of product                     50.00    Equity method        Yes
                       安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)
                   CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Beijing City       Beijing City     Technology development                       45.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Co., Ltd. (通智數據科技（北京）有限
                       公司)
                   Associates                                                                                                                     Equity method        Yes
                   CSCEC Foshan Joint Investment Co., Guangzhou City       Guangzhou City Investment project               11.00                  Equity method        Yes
                       Ltd. (佛山中建交通聯合投資有限公                                                    construction
                       司)
                   Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Siping City     Siping City      Project contracting            20.00                  Equity method        Yes
                       Co., Ltd. (四平市綜合管廊建設運營
                       有限公司)
                   Guangdong Utrust Financial Leasing Guangzhou City       Guangzhou City Financial leasing                30.00                  Equity method        Yes
                       Co., Ltd. (廣東粵財金融租賃股份有
                       限公司)
                   CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd. (天水通 Tianshui City         Tianshui City    Project contracting            35.63                  Equity method        Yes
                       號有軌電車有限責任公司
                   Siemens Signalling Company Ltd. (西門 Xi’an City          Xi’an City       Manufacturing of product                     30.00    Equity method        Yes
                       子信號有限公司)
                   Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing       Beijing City    Beijing City     Technology development                       20.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Technology Co., Ltd. (中關村芯海擇
                       優科技有限公司)
                   Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd. (河南 Anyang City         Anyang City      Project contracting                          44.00    Equity method        Yes
                       滑洲鐵路有限公司)
                   Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity Fund      Zhuhai City     Zhuhai City      Equity investment                            40.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Management Enterprise (Limited                                          management
                       Partnership) (珠海華通私募基金管
                       理企業（有限合夥))
                   Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd. (天水有軌電車 Tianshui City           Tianshui City    Project contracting                          36.00    Equity method        Yes
                       有限責任公司)
                   Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent            Hangzhou City   Hangzhou City    Technology development                       40.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Transportation Technology Co., Ltd.
                       (浙江交投智能交通科技有限公司)
                   Beijing Solong Electronic Technology Beijing City       Beijing City     Manufacturing of product                     49.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Co., Ltd. (北京索隆電子科技有限公
                       司)
                   China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Wenzhou City       Wenzhou City     Rail transit operation                       30.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Ltd. (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)
                   China Liantou (Shanghai) Data           Shanghai City   Shanghai City    Data technology                              20.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (中
                       聯投（上海）數據智能科技有限公司)
                   Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology        Tianjin City    Tianjin City     Rail transit operation                       20.00    Equity method        Yes
                       Development Co., Ltd. (天津津軌匯
                       海科技發展有限公司)

480   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)

      (II)   Interests in the joint venture or associate (Continued)

             1.   Significant joint ventures or associates

                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

             2.   Main financial information of significant joint ventures

                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

             3.   Main financial information of significant associates

                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

             4.   Summary of financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates

                  ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                            Balance at
                                                                           Balance at end      beginning of the period/
                                                                    of the period/amount        amount incurred in the
                                                                   incurred in the period              previous period


                  Joint ventures:
                  Total book value of investment                             235,031,314.57            229,687,703.77
                  Total amount of the following items calculated
                    on the basis of shareholding percentage
                    – Net profit                                              27,193,610.80             21,433,178.65
                    – Total comprehensive income                              27,193,610.80             21,433,178.65
                  Associates:
                  Total book value of investment                         1,269,978,853.11            1,148,536,043.29
                  Total amount of the following items calculated
                    on the basis of shareholding percentage
                    – Net profit                                              69,117,119.13             64,695,916.17
                    – Total comprehensive income                              69,117,119.13             64,695,916.17

             5.   Explanation for the significant restrictions on the ability of joint ventures or associates to
                  transfer funds to the Company

                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   481
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      IX.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (Continued)

            (II)   Interests in the joint venture or associate (Continued)


                   6.   Excessive loss incurred by joint ventures or associates


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                   7.   Unrecognised commitments related to investments in joint ventures


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                   8.   Contingent liabilities related to investments in joint ventures or associates


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                   9.   Significant joint operation


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


            (III) Interests in structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial statements


                   Explanation about structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial statements:


                   □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


            (IV) Others


                   □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




482   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                       RMB



(X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


      (I)   Category of financial instruments


            Financial assets:


                                                                 Measured at           Measured at fair value through
            Item                                               amortized cost           other comprehensive income                           Total
                                                                                          Standards             Designated


            Cash and bank balances                       22,215,371,337.81                                                       22,215,371,337.81
            Bills receivable                              1,714,371,393.60                                                        1,714,371,393.60
            Receivables for financing                                                1,048,965,771.85                             1,048,965,771.85
            Accounts receivable                          22,672,081,197.55                                                       22,672,081,197.55
            Other receivables                             1,579,389,304.96                                                        1,579,389,304.96
            Debt investment                                    273,172,183.50                                                       273,172,183.50
            Other equity instrument investments                                                            1,124,819,159.20       1,124,819,159.20
            Long-term receivables                         5,909,956,266.76                                                        5,909,956,266.76
            Financial assets included in
              other non-current assets                    5,690,600,223.39                                                        5,690,600,223.39

            Total                                        60,054,941,907.57           1,048,965,771.85      1,124,819,159.20      62,228,726,838.62



            Financial liabilities:


                                                                                                         Measured at
                                                                                                    fair value through
                                                                                Measured at     other comprehensive
            Item                                                           amortized cost                      income                       Total


            Short-term borrowings                                          261,169,967.41                                         261,169,967.41
            Bills payable                                                2,260,154,270.80                                       2,260,154,270.80
            Accounts payable                                            49,888,119,903.73                                      49,888,119,903.73
            Other payables                                               1,485,075,980.09                                       1,485,075,980.09
            Employee benefits payable (cash payment)                       690,620,818.93                                         690,620,818.93
            Long-term borrowings                                         3,290,786,172.77                                       3,290,786,172.77
            Financial liabilities in non-current liabilities
              due within one year                                        1,237,094,658.03                                       1,237,094,658.03
            Lease liabilities                                              118,073,535.41                                         118,073,535.41
            Long-term payables                                              58,629,829.67                                          58,629,829.67

            Total                                                       59,289,725,136.84                                      59,289,725,136.84


                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022     483
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB




      (X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (I)    Category of financial instruments (Continued)

                   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety

                   As at 31 December 2022, the book value of bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills
                   that the Company has endorsed or discounted to suppliers for settlement of trade payables were
                   RMB123,779,958.94 and RMB604,494,019.30 respectively (31 December 2021: RMB179,573,211.17
                   and RMB270,243,426.09). The Company believed that almost all risks and rewards have been retained,
                   including related default risks. Therefore, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of the
                   Endorsed Bills and the associated trade payables settled. Subsequent to the endorsement, the Company
                   no longer reserves the right to use it, including the right to sell, transfer or pledge it to other third parties.
                   The aggregate carrying amount of the trade payables settled by the endorsed bills as at 31 December
                   2022 was RMB728,273,978.24 (31 December 2021: RMB449,816,637.26).

                   Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety in which continuing involvement
                   exists

                   As at 31 December 2022, the book value of bank acceptance bills that the Company has endorsed
                   to suppliers for settlement of trade payables was RMB517,617,447.59 (31 December 2021:
                   RMB466,753,794.07).

                   As at 31 December 2022, the derecognized bills had a maturity of one to twelve months. In accordance
                   with the Law of Negotiable Instruments, the holders of the derecognized bills have the right of
                   recourse against the Company if the accepting banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the
                   opinion of the Company, the Company has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to
                   the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the carrying amounts of such Derecognised
                   Bills and the associated trade payables settled. The maximum exposure to loss from the Company’s
                   Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these
                   Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the Company, the fair values of
                   the Company’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.

                   In 2022, the Company did not recognise any profit or loss on the date of transfer of the derecognised
                   bills. The Company had no current or accumulated gains or expenses related to continuing involvement
                   of financial assets which had been derecognized. The endorsement happened evenly throughout the
                   year.

            (II)   Risk of financial instruments

                   The Company is faced with risks of various financial instruments in daily activities, which mainly include
                   credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and commodity
                   price risk). The main financial instruments of the Company include monetary funds, equity investment,
                   borrowings, receivables for financing and accounts receivable, bills payable and accounts payable and
                   others. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the risk management strategies adopted
                   by the Company to mitigate these risks are described below.

                   The Board of Directors shall be responsible for planning and establishing the risk management framework
                   of the Company, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant guidelines, and
                   supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company has developed risk
                   management policies to identify and analyze risks faced by the Company. These risk management
                   policies specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity
                   risk management. The Company periodically evaluates changes in the market environment and the
                   Company’s business activities to determine whether to update risk management policies and systems.
                   The risk management of the Company shall be carried out by the Risk Management Committee in
                   accordance with the policies approved by the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Committee
                   works closely with other business units of the Company to identify, assess and mitigate risks. The internal
                   audit department of the Company conducts regular audits on risk management control and procedures
                   and reports the audit results to the Company’s Audit Committee.



484   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                     RMB



(X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

             The Company diversifies the risk of financial instruments through appropriate diversification of
             investments and business portfolios, and reduces the risk of concentration in any single industry, specific
             region or specific counterparty by formulating appropriate risk management policies.

             1.   Credit risk

                  Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other
                  party by failing to discharge an obligation.

                  The Company only deals with recognized and reputable third parties. According to the Company’s
                  policy, credit review is required for all customers who seek to carry out credit-based transactions.
                  In addition, the Company continuously monitors the balance of accounts receivable to ensure that
                  the Company is not exposed to significant bad debt risks. For transactions that are not settled in
                  the functional currency of the relevant business entity, the Company does not provide credit-based
                  transactions unless specifically approved by the credit control department of the Company.

                  Since the counterparties of monetary funds and bank acceptance bills receivable are banks with
                  good reputation and high credit ratings, these financial instruments have low credit risk.

                  Financial assets of the Company include monetary funds, receivables for financing, accounts
                  receivable, other receivables, debt investments, other equity instrument investments, long-term
                  receivables, and financial assets included in other non-current assets. The credit risk of these
                  financial assets originates from the default of the counterparty. The maximum risk exposure is equal
                  to the book value of these instruments.

                  As the Company only deals with recognized and reputable third parties, no collateral is required.
                  Credit risk is centrally managed by customers/counterparties, geographic region and industry.
                  Customers owing accounts receivable to the Company were widely engaged in different sectors and
                  industries, therefore, there was no concentration of significant credit risks within the Company. The
                  Company did not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement against the balance of accounts
                  receivable.

                  Criteria for judgment of significant increase in credit risk

                  On each balance sheet date, the Company assessed whether or not the credit risk of relevant
                  financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. In determining whether or
                  not the credit risk has increased significantly since the initial recognition, the Company considered
                  that the reasonable and reliable information could be obtained without unnecessary extra costs
                  or efforts, including qualitative and quantitative analysis based on the Company’s historical data,
                  external credit risk rating and forward-looking information. Based on a single financial instrument
                  or a combination of financial instruments with similar credit risk characteristics, the Company
                  compared the risk of default of financial instruments as at the balance sheet date with the risk
                  of default on the initial recognition date to determine the changes in the default risk of financial
                  instruments during their lifetime.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    485
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

                   1.   Credit risk (Continued)

                        Criteria for judgment of significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                        The Company believed that the credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly
                        when one or more of the following quantitative and qualitative criteria or upper limit indicators are
                        triggered:

                        •     The quantitative criteria are satisfied if the probability of default for the remaining lifetime on
                              the reporting date rises by more than a certain proportion compared with the probability of
                              default at time of the initial recognition;

                        •     Qualitative criteria mainly comprise material adverse changes in the debtor’s business or
                              financial position, and alert list of customers;

                        •     The upper limit indicator is defined as the debtor’s contract payment (including principal and
                              interest) has been overdue for more than 30 days.

                        Definition of assets with credit impairment

                        In order to determine whether or not credit impairment has occurred, the Company adopted the
                        definition criteria consistent with the internal credit risk management objectives for relevant financial
                        instruments, while considering both quantitative and qualitative indicators. When the Company
                        evaluated whether or not the debtor suffers from credit impairment, it mainly considered the
                        following factors:

                        •     the issuer or debtor is in material financial difficulties;

                        •     the debtor violates the contract, such as default or overdue payment of interest or principal,
                              etc.;

                        •     the creditor gives concessions that it would not make under any other circumstance based on
                              economic or contractual considerations related to the debtor’s financial difficulties;

                        •     the debtor is likely to go bankrupt or undergo other financial restructuring;

                        •     difficulties of the issuer or debtor result in the disappearance of the active market of the
                              financial asset;

                        •     purchase or generate a financial asset at a substantial discount, which reflects the fact that
                              credit impairment has occurred.

                        Credit impairment of financial assets might be caused by the combined action of multiple events,
                        but not necessarily by separately identifiable events.



486   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    RMB



(X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

             1.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  Parameters for measuring expected credit loss

                  Depending on whether credit risk has increased significantly and whether credit impairment has
                  occurred, the Company measures impairment provision for different assets with the expected
                  credit loss for 12 months or the lifetime period, respectively. The key parameters for expected
                  credit loss measurement include default probability, default loss rate and default risk exposure.
                  Considering the quantitative analysis and forward-looking information of historical statistical data
                  (such as counterparty ratings, guarantees and collateral types, repayment methods and others), the
                  Company establishes a default probability, default loss rate and default risk exposure model.

                  The relevant definitions are as follows:

                  •     Probability of default (PD) refers to the possibility that the debtor will not be able to fulfill
                        its obligations of repayment over the next 12 months or throughout the entire remaining
                        lifetime. The Company’s PD is adjusted based on the results of the historical mobility model
                        of receivables, taking into account the forward-looking information to reflect the debtor’s PD
                        under the current macroeconomic environment;

                  •     Loss given default (LGD) refers to the Company’s expectation of the extent of the loss
                        resulting from the default exposure. Depending on the type of counterparty, the method and
                        priority of the recourse, and the type of collaterals, the LGD varies. The LGD is the percentage
                        of loss of risk exposure at the time of default, calculated over the next 12 months or over the
                        entire remaining lifetime;

                  •     Exposure at default (EAD) is the amount that the Company should be reimbursed at the time
                        of the default in the next 12 months or throughout the entire remaining lifetime.

                  The assessment of a significant increase in credit risk and the calculation of ECL both involve
                  forward-looking information. Through the analysis of historical data, the Company identified the key
                  economic indicators that affect the credit risk of each business type and ECL.

                  Please see Notes VII. (V), (VI), (VIII), (X), (XII), (XIV), (XVI) and (XXXI) for the quantitative data of
                  credit risk exposure of the Company due to receivables, receivables for financing, other receivables,
                  contract assets, non-current assets due within one year, debt investments, long-term receivables
                  and other non-current assets.

             2.   Liquidity risk

                  The Company monitors its risk of deficiency of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This
                  tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and estimated cash flows from the
                  Company’s operations.

                  The Company sets its objective as maintaining a balance between continuity of funding and
                  flexibility through the use of several financing methods such as notes settlement and bank
                  borrowings, as well as optimizing financing structure through the combination of long and short-term
                  financing. The Company has obtained banking facilities from several commercial banks to fund the
                  working capital requirements and capital expenditure.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    487
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

                   2.   Liquidity risk (Continued)


                        31 December 2021

                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                        Item                                           Within 1 year     1 to 2 years     2 to 5 years      Over 5 years               Total


                        Short-term borrowings                         75,629,684.59                –                –                  –      75,629,684.59
                        Bills payable                               2,300,794,453.21               –                –                  –    2,300,794,453.21
                        Accounts payable                           46,455,196,868.52               –                –                  – 46,455,196,868.52
                        Other payables                              1,063,620,223.11               –                –                  –    1,063,620,223.11
                        Lease liabilities                             68,675,160.21     47,223,410.28    61,455,727.59                 –     177,354,289.08
                        Long-term borrowings (including maturity
                          within 1 year)                             226,069,092.80                –     43,450,000.00   3,084,272,482.40   3,353,791,575.20
                        Interest on long-term and short-term
                          borrowings                                 163,916,813.99    158,370,476.21   460,176,875.81    552,853,051.44    1,335,317,217.45
                        Long-term payables (including maturity
                          within 1 year)                              37,438,695.03     62,593,424.21               –                  –     100,032,119.24

                        Management of the Company monitors the liquidity position of the Company on an ongoing basis to
                        ensure the availability of sufficient liquid funds to meet all obligations as they fall due and to make
                        the most efficient use of the Company’s financial resources.

                        The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities and lease
                        liabilities based on the undiscounted contractual cash flows:

                        Item                                           Within 1 year     1 to 2 years     2 to 5 years      Over 5 years               Total

                        Short-term borrowings                         261,169,967.41                                                        261,169,967.41
                        Bills payable                               2,260,154,270.80                                                      2,260,154,270.80
                        Accounts payable                           49,888,119,903.73                                                     49,888,119,903.73
                        Other payables                              1,366,728,778.59                                                      1,366,728,778.59
                        Lease liabilities                              68,141,726.23    89,815,559.25    24,483,238.96     17,333,939.37    199,774,463.81
                        Long-term borrowings (including
                           maturity within 1 year)                  1,145,289,546.40    24,000,000.00   442,947,076.77   2,823,839,096.00   4,436,075,719.17
                        Interest on long-term and short-term
                           borrowings                                186,373,851.39    156,041,333.01   576,899,190.72    432,197,781.89    1,351,512,157.01
                        Long-term payables (including maturity
                           within 1 year)                             32,003,740.26     58,629,829.67                                         90,633,569.93




488   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  RMB



(X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

             3.   Market risk

                  (1)   Interest rate risk

                        The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the
                        Company’s borrowings and bank current deposit in large amount with floating interest rates.

                        The Company regularly reviews and monitors the mix of fixed and floating interest rate in
                        order to manage its interest rate risk. Borrowings and monetary funds are stated at amortized
                        cost and are not revalued on a periodic basis. Floating rate interest income and expenses are
                        credited/charged to the profit or loss as earned/incurred.

                        As at 31 December 2022, floating interest rate loans and fixed interest rate loans accounted
                        for 81.87% and 18.13% of the Company’s borrowings respectively. Management would adjust
                        the floating rate assets based on changes in the market interest rates to reduce the significant
                        impact arising from interest rate risk.

                        If there was a general increase/decrease in the interest rate of borrowings with floating
                        interest rates by 1%, with all other variables held constant, the consolidated net profits and
                        other comprehensive income, net of tax would have decreased/increased by approximately
                        RMB29,191,842.65 in 2022 (2021: RMB9,576,718.41), and there is no impact on other
                        components of the consolidated equity, except for retained earnings, of the Company. The
                        sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates
                        had occurred as at 31 December 2022 and the exposure to interest rate risk has been applied
                        to those financial instruments in existence at that date. The estimated 1% of increase or
                        decrease represents management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest
                        rates over the period from the year until the date of balance sheet of the next year.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    489
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (II)   Risk of financial instruments (Continued)

                   3.   Market risk (Continued)

                        (1)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

                              If there was a general increase/decrease in the interest rates of demand deposit of bank
                              with floating interest rates by 0.1 percentage point, with all other variables held constant, the
                              consolidated net profits and other comprehensive income, net of tax would have increased/
                              decreased by approximately RMB9,832,754.73 in 2022 (2021: RMB12,852,687.00), and there
                              is no impact on other components of the consolidated equity, except for retained earnings, of
                              the Company. The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change
                              in interest rates had occurred as at 31 December 2022 and the exposure to interest rate
                              risk has been applied to those financial instruments in existence at that date. The estimated
                              0.1 percentage point of increase or decrease represents management’s assessment of a
                              reasonably possible change in interest rates over the period from the year until the date of
                              balance sheet of the next year.

                        (2)   Foreign currency risk

                              As a result of its significant business operations in Mainland China, the Company’s revenue,
                              expenses and over 95% of the financial assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. The
                              effect of the fluctuations in the exchange rates of RMB against foreign currencies on the
                              Company’s results of operations is therefore minimal and the Company has not entered into
                              any hedging transactions as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in order to reduce
                              the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk in this regard.

                              The following table demonstrates the sensitivity analysis on the foreign currency risk,
                              reflecting the influence of reasonable possible change in the exchange rates of the United
                              States dollar and Hong Kong dollar, with all other variables held constant, on the Company’s
                              net profit net of tax.

                                                                                    Increase/(decrease)                               Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                 in United States dollar   Increase/(decrease)      in total shareholder’s
                              Item                                                       exchange rate      in net profit or loss                  equity

                              Depreciation of RMB against United States dollar                       5%            4,129,141.96              4,129,141.96
                              Appreciation of RMB against United States dollar                     (5%)           -4,129,141.96             -4,129,141.96

                                                                                    Increase/(decrease)                               Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                   in Hong Kong dollar     Increase/(decrease)      in total shareholder’s
                              Item                                                       exchange rate      in net profit or loss                  equity

                              Depreciation of RMB against Hong Kong dollar                           5%            8,227,453.88              8,227,453.88
                              Appreciation of RMB against Hong Kong dollar                         (5%)           -8,227,453.88             -8,227,453.88

                              The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in foreign
                              exchange rates had occurred as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and the
                              exposure to foreign currency risk has been applied to those monetary assets and liabilities
                              in existence at that date. The estimated percentage increase or decrease represents
                              management’s assessment of a reasonable possible change in foreign exchange rates over
                              the period from the year until the date of balance sheet of the next year.



490   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                 RMB



(X)   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (III) Capital management


            The Company’s primary objectives for capital management are to safeguard the Company’s ability to
            continue as a going concern and keep the capital ratio at a healthy level, so that it can support business
            development and maximize the value of Shareholders.


            The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
            conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
            structure, the Company may adjust the profit distribution to Shareholders, return capital to Shareholders,
            issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts. The Company is not bound by external compulsory
            capital requirements. In 2022 and 2021, no changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes
            for managing capital.


            The Company manages its capital through gearing ratio, which is total liabilities divided by total assets.
            The gearing ratios of the Company as at the balance sheet date are as follows:


            Item                                                                 31 December 2022                     31 December 2021


            Total assets                                                        116,806,544,483.88               108,942,588,838.30
            Total liabilities                                                     69,528,809,483.31                   63,571,212,916.84
            Gearing ratio                                                                       59.52%                            58.35%


(XI) DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

      (I)   Closing fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value


            ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Closing fair value

                                                      Level-1 fair value   Level-2 fair value    Level-3 fair value
            Item                                         measurement          measurement           measurement                      Total


            I. Continuous measurement of fair value
            Receivables for financing                                      1,048,965,771.85                               1,048,965,771.85
            Other equity instrument investments                                                   1,124,819,159.20        1,124,819,159.20

            Total                                                          1,048,965,771.85       1,124,819,159.20        2,173,784,931.05




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    491
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XI) DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (Continued)

           (II)   Fair value valuation (Continued)

                  The management has assessed the cash and bank balances, accounts receivable, receivables for
                  financing, other receivables, bills payable, accounts payable and other payables. In each case, the fair
                  value and book value are similar due to short remaining period.

                  On each balance sheet date, the Company analyzes the changes in the value of financial instruments
                  and determines the key inputs to which the valuation applies.

                  The fair values of long-term receivables, long-term loans, long-term payables, and bonds payable
                  determined by discounting the future cash flows using rates currently available for other instruments
                  with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December
                  2021, the fair value of long-term receivables and long-term payables was similar to the book value,
                  and the Company’s own non-performance risk for long-term and short-term loans was assessed to be
                  insignificant.

                  For financial instruments traded in an active market, the Company determines its fair value based on
                  its active market quotation; and for financial instruments that are not traded in an active market, the
                  Company uses valuation techniques to determine their fair values. The valuation models used are mainly
                  cash flow discount models and market comparable company models. The input values of valuation
                  techniques mainly include risk-free interest rates, benchmark interest rates, exchange rates, credit
                  spreads, liquidity premiums, EBITDA multipliers, and lack of liquidity discounts etc.

                  The Company signed the derivative financial instrument contracts with more than one counterparties
                  (mainly refer to financial institutions with higher credit rating). Derivative financial instruments are
                  measured using the valuation techniques of forward pricing, swap model and present value method.
                  The model covers multiple input values of observable market, including credit quality of counterparty,
                  spot and forward exchange rate and interest rate curve. As at 31 December 2022, the market-to-market
                  value of the derivative financial assets is the net value after offsetting the credit valuation of default risk
                  attributable to derivative instrument counterparty after adjustment. The change of counterparty credit
                  risk had no significant impact on the assessment on hedging effectiveness of the designated derivative
                  hedging instrument in the hedging relationship and other financial instrument measured at fair value.

                  Other investments in equity instruments held by the Company which are measured at level 3 fair value
                  represent the equity in unlisted companies held by the Company. As the operating environment, operating
                  conditions and financial position of the invested entity have not changed significantly, the Company
                  measures the investment cost as a reasonable estimate of fair value.

           (III) Adjustment and level transformation of fair value

                  As at 31 December 2022, there was no transfer of the fair value measurement of financial assets and
                  financial liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2, nor was there any transfer to or out of Level 3.

           (IV) Basis for determining the market value of continuous and non-continuous Level-1 fair value
                measurement items

                  □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


492   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                            RMB



(XI) DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (Continued)

    (V)   Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and important parameters used
          in continuous and non-continuous Level-2 fair value measurement items


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (IV) Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and important parameters used
         in continuous and non-continuous Level-3 fair value measurement items


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (VII) Information on adjustment between opening and closing book values and sensitivity analysis of
          unobservable parameters for continuous Level-3 fair value measurement items


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (VIII) Reason for conversion for transfer between levels during the current period for continuous fair
           value measurement items, and policies for determination of time point of the conversion


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (IX) Changes in valuation techniques during the current period and reason for such change


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (X)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (XI) Others


          □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   493
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           (I)    Parent of the Company


                  ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                 Unit: 0’ 000 Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                          Shareholding        Percentage
                                                                                                         percentage of      of voting right
                                           Place of                                       Registered      the parent to      of the parent
                  Name of the parent       registration   Nature of business                 capital   the Company (%) to the Company (%)


                  CRSC Group               Beijing        Railway communication,           1,000,000             62.69               62.69
                                                            signal power and production
                                                            of automatic control
                                                            equipment


                  The ultimate holding company of the Company is CRSC Group.


           (II)   Subsidiaries of the Company

                  For details of the subsidiaries of the Company, refer to Note IX. (I).


                  ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


           (III) Details of the joint ventures and associates of the Company

                  For details of significant joint ventures or associates of the Company, see Note IX. (II).


                  ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                  □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  Other explanation


                  □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




494   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                      RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (IV) Other related parties


         □Applicable □Not applicable


                                                              Relationship between other related parties and
         Name of other related parties                        the Company


         Beijing CRSC Construction and Development            Joint venture of the Parent
           Co., Ltd. (北京通號建設開發有限公司)
         Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.           Joint venture of the Parent
           (北京通號北房置業有限公司)
         Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                Associate of the subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding
           (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                        company
         Xi’ an Tongxin Railway Equipment Manufacturing       Associate of the subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding
           Co., Ltd. (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                          company
         Tianshui Tonghao Electric Power Equipment Co., Ltd. Associate of the subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding
           (天水通號電力設備有限公司)                                        company
         Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.         Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           (北京二七通信工廠有限公司)
         Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           Equipment Company Ltd.
           (北京鐵路通信信號成套設備有限公司)
         Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology         Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           Service Co., Ltd.
           (上海信立城通信技術服務有限公司)
         Xi’ an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.         Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)
         Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic           Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           Equipment Co., Ltd.
           (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)
         CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd. (通號置業有限公司)                Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
         CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.                    Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           (通號佛山置業有限公司)
         CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                   Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
           (通號貴州置業有限公司)
         Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.               Minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary
           (阿爾斯通投資(上海)有限公司)                                      of the Group
         ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                                Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                 influence on subsidiary of the Group
         ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                 influence on subsidiary of the Group



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      495
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (IV) Other related parties (Continued)


                                                                 Relationship between other related parties and
                 Name of other related parties                   the Company


                 ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p.A                        Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport India Limited                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd.                   Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty. Ltd             Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Hong Kong Ltd                            Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Brasil Energia e transporte Ltda         Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport Mexico, S.A. de C.V.           Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 Citadis Israel LTD                              Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport SA (Romania)                   Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport Spain Limited                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM (USA)                                    Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company
                 ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material
                                                                   influence on subsidiary of the Company




496   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (V)   Related party transactions


          1.   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving services


               Statement on procurement of goods/receipt of services


               ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                Contents of related    Amount for the        Amount for the
               Related parties                                  party transactions      current period          last period


               Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                 (西門子信號有限公司)                                    Procurement of goods    42,608,914.02         32,315,152.94
               Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                 Equipment Co., Ltd.
                 (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)                             Procurement of goods    32,802,689.22         43,040,048.14
               Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                 (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                 Procurement of goods    27,289,476.93         41,507,580.17
               ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                   Procurement of goods    16,214,539.71        298,255,651.98
               ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                            Procurement of goods    16,105,915.29          8,818,186.49
               ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                 Procurement of goods    12,739,168.43         30,455,042.83
               Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                 Co., Ltd. (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                     Procurement of goods    10,134,614.52
               Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                 (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                 Procurement of goods     2,086,069.45          3,209,291.53
               Xi’an Xinlong Railway Technology Co. Ltd.
                 (西安鑫隆鐵路科技有限責任公司)                               Procurement of goods                          18,471,580.17
               Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology
                 Co., Ltd. (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                      Procurement of goods       472,756.69            812,917.77
               China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                 (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                  Procurement of goods       380,070.00            811,273.00
               Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                 (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                 Procurement of goods        54,789.20             51,961.07
               Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                 (阿爾斯通投資（上海）有限公司)                               Procurement of goods                           6,592,218.40
               CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                 (通智數據科技（北京）有限公司)                               Procurement of goods                           3,241,628.96




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   497
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


                 1.    Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving services
                       (Continued)


                       Statement on procurement of goods/receipt of services (Continued)


                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                        Contents of related    Amount for the    Amount for the
                       Related parties                                  party transactions      current period      last period


                       ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence              Procurement of goods                        1,249,860.01
                       Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.
                         (北京二七通信工廠有限公司)                                 Procurement of goods                           64,953.41
                       ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                   Technology service     150,081,082.41     265,466,093.65
                       ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                            Technology service      11,092,586.09
                       ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                 Technology service      11,512,910.58      14,346,098.11
                       Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                         (阿爾斯通投資（上海）有限公司)                               Technology service      13,095,126.11       3,916,650.01
                       ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence              Technology service                           846,751.96
                       Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology
                         Service Co., Ltd.
                         (上海信立城通信技術服務有限公司)                              Receipt of service       8,909,203.31        771,152.82
                       China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                         (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                  Receipt of service       1,741,994.09
                       Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                         (西門子信號有限公司)                                    Receipt of service          79,600.00        248,070.80
                       Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                 Receipt of service          17,699.12
                       CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                         (通智數據科技（北京）有限公司)                               Receipt of service                         22,854,453.62
                       Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                         (阿爾斯通投資（上海）有限公司)                               Receipt of service                          2,675,568.39
                       Beijing Railways Signal & Communication
                         Complete Equipment Company Ltd.
                         (北京鐵路通信信號成套設備有限公司)                             Receipt of service                           419,825.68




498   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


          1.   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving services
               (Continued)


               Statement on sales of goods/provision of services (Continued)


               ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                              Contents of related   Amount for the        Amount for the
               Related parties                                party transactions     current period          last period

               Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                 (天水有軌電車有限責任公司)                               Sale of goods          53,982,300.89                    –
               Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                 (西門子信號有限公司)                                  Sale of goods          34,087,172.36         56,486,173.37
               ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited         Sale of goods          26,420,660.05                    –
               Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                 (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                               Sale of goods          13,372,523.90          8,169,828.40
               ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                 Sale of goods          10,754,655.00         19,834,655.00
               ALSTOM Transport SA (Romania)                  Sale of goods           3,112,767.00                    –
               Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology
                 Co., Ltd. (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                    Sale of goods           1,634,654.88                    –
               Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                 Equipment Co., Ltd.
                 (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)                           Sale of goods             768,794.61         11,041,680.86
               ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                   Sale of goods             522,983.00                    –
               ALSTOM Transport India Limited                 Sale of goods             505,672.00          7,935,750.00
               Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology
                 Service Co., Ltd.
                 (上海信立城通信技術服務有限公司)                            Sale of goods                      –            518,867.92
               ALSTOM HONG KONG LTD.                          Sale of goods             240,000.00                    –
               China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                 (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                Sale of goods             118,407.08                    –
               Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                 (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                               Sale of goods              47,575.22                    –
               CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                 (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                             Sale of goods                      –        106,194,690.30
               ALSTOM Brasil Energia e transporte Ltda        Sale of goods                      –         27,110,354.61




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   499
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


                 1.    Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving services
                       (Continued)


                       Statement on sales of goods/provision of services (Continued)


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                        Contents of related     Amount for the    Amount for the
                       Related parties                                  party transactions       current period      last period

                       Xi’an Tongxin Railway Equipment Manufacturing
                         Co., Ltd. (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司) Sale of goods                                          –       8,243,678.86
                       ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p.A                         Sale of goods                        –        914,050.00
                       CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                         (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                               Provision of services   273,794,325.50        583,308.49
                       Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                         (天水有軌電車有限責任公司)                                 Provision of services   241,488,265.42                 –
                       Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                         (北京通號北房置業有限公司)                                 Provision of services   139,133,644.91       7,294,327.73
                       CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd. (通號置業有限公司)            Provision of services    65,893,351.46     130,258,250.29
                       CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                         (通號貴州置業有限公司)                                   Provision of services    40,770,753.27      58,343,908.68
                       CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                         (通號佛山置業有限公司)                                   Provision of services    20,600,000.00     103,746,009.88
                       Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                         (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                 Provision of services     1,194,992.30        660,230.83
                       Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication
                         Technology Service Co., Ltd.
                         (上海信立城通信技術服務有限公司)                              Provision of services       358,490.57                 –
                       China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                         Corporation Limited
                         (中國鐵路通信信號集團有限公司)                               Provision of services       270,906.17        584,913.79
                       Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                 Provision of services        17,312.97                 –
                       Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                         (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                 Provision of services        59,433.96                 –




500   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


          1.   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving services
               (Continued)


               Statement on sales of goods/provision of services (Continued)


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                      Contents of related           Amount for the        Amount for the
               Related parties                        party transactions             current period          last period

               Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                 (西門子信號有限公司)                          Provision of services                      –            905,377.11
               Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                 (西門子信號有限公司)                          Technology transfers              849,008.89            918,582.99

               Note 1: The prices of the goods and services between the Company and related parties were determined by
                       both parties through negotiation with referring to market prices and other factors.


               Explanation about related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
               receiving services


               ✓ Applicable □Not applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   501
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


                 2.    Connected entrusted management/contracting and entrusted management/outsourcing


                       Statement on entrusted management/contracting by the Company:


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Description of connected custody/contracting


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Statement on entrusted management/outsourcing by the Company


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Description of connected management/outsourcing


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 3.    Leases with related parties


                       The Company as lessor:


                       ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                Rental income      Rental income
                                                                                                recognized in    recognized in the
                       Name of lessee                                   Type of leased assets   current period    previous period


                       Schaltbau                                        House                    2,433,302.75        2,433,302.75
                       Xi’ an Tongxin Railway Equipment Manufacturing
                         Co., Ltd. (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                   House                                        1,509,838.54
                       Xi’ an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                 House                      175,774.16          471,421.10




502   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

                         (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

                               3.   Leases with related parties (Continued)


                                    The Company as lessee:


                                    ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                        Short-term lease and        Variable lease payments
                                                                        low-value asset lease           not included in the
                                                                      expense under simplified      measurement of the lease                                        Interest expense of              Right-of-use
                                                                       approach (if applicable)      liabilities (if applicable)       Rental expenses                lease liabilities             asset acquired

                                                                      Amount for                    Amount for                     Amount for                    Amount for                    Amount for
                                                      Type of         the current    Amount for     the current    Amount for      the current    Amount for     the current    Amount for     the current    Amount for
                                    Name of lessor    leased assets        period the last period        period the last period         period the last period        period the last period        period the last period

                                    Beijing Railways Signal
                                      & Communication
                                      Complete Equipment
                                      Company Ltd.
                                      (北京鐵路通信信號
                                      成套設備有限公司) House                 185,274.29      392,495.24

                                    Explanation about leases with related parties


                                    ✓Applicable □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022


                                    Note 1: Related party transactions in connection with the above items also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in
                                          Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

                                    Note 2: The prices of the house rental between the Company and related parties were determined by both parties through negotiation with referring to market
Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                          prices.


503
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

                 4.    Related guarantee


                       The Company as a guarantor


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       The Company as a secured party


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Description of related guarantee


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 5.    Capital lending to/borrowing from related parties


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 6.    Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 7.    Emolument of key management


                       ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                    Amount for             Amount for the
                       Item                                                the current period                  last period


                       Emolument of key management                                10,653,042.17             8,285,703.72



                       Key management comprise executive directors, supervisors, independent non-executive directors
                       and senior management.




504   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                      RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

          7.   Emolument of key management (Continued)

               Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration

               2021


                                                                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                             Total Remunerations
                                                                                                                            (I) Total                                                and Benefits
                                                                                                  Performance-based          Pre-tax                                              (before tax)= (I)
                                   Position                      Remuneration    Basic salaries             bonuses   Remunerations (II) Social Insurance      (III) Annuity             +(II)+(III)
               ZHOU Zhiliang (周志亮) Executive Director and                   –      234,396.00            511,788.00      746,184.00           130,029.22         51,201.80            927,415.02
                                   the Chairman
               XU Zongxiang (徐宗祥) Executive Director and                   –       234,396.00            511,788.00      746,184.00           130,029.22        52,868.80               929,082.02
                                        President
               YANG Yongsheng      Former Executive Director               –       210,960.00            352,996.00      563,956.00           130,029.22        47,257.20               741,242.42
                    (楊永勝)
               YAO Guiqing (姚桂清) Independent Non-executive         100,000.00                –                   –       100,000.00                    –                 –              100,000.00
                                        Director
               CHEN Jin’en (陳津恩) Former Independent                 80,000.00                –                   –        80,000.00                    –                 –               80,000.00
                                        Non-executive Director
               CHAN Ka Keung Peter Former Independent              139,008.00                –                   –       139,008.00                    –                 –              139,008.00
                    (陳嘉強)               Non-executive Director
               GUO Yonghong        Non-executive Director                  –                 –                   –                –                    –                 –                        –
                    (郭永宏)
               KONG Ning (孔寧) Chairman of the                              –       166,400.00            251,943.00      418,343.00           130,029.22        36,172.40               584,544.62
                                        Supervisory
                                        Committee
               LI Tienan (李鐵南)     Shareholder                             –                 –                   –                –                    –                 –                        –
                                        Representative
                                        Supervisor
               CHEN Shikui (陳世奎) Former Employee                           –       156,000.00            342,000.00      498,000.00           130,029.22        22,876.72               650,905.94
                                        Representative
                                        Supervisor

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                     Amount for                                   Amount for the
                                                                                                              the current period                                     last period

               Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration                                                               4,787,069.77                                    4,152,198.02




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022                     505
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

                 7.    Emolument of key management (Continued)


                       Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (Continued)

                       During the year, the names of directors and supervisors and their remunerations were as follows:

                       2022


                                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                                                                 Remunerations
                                                                                                                                (I)                                and Benefits
                                                                                                        Performance- Total Pre-tax            (II)       (III)     (before tax)=
                                              Position                         Fees    Basic salaries based bonuses Remunerations Social Insurance    Annuity        (I) +(II)+(III)

                       ZHOU Zhiliang (周志亮)  Executive Director and                –      240,204.00     1,060,532.00   1,300,736.00    139,277.76    55,356.96      1,495,370.72
                                              the Chairman
                       XU Zongxiang (徐宗祥) Executive Director and                  –      240,204.00      948,079.00    1,188,283.00    139,277.76    55,356.96      1,382,917.72
                                              President
                       ZHANG Quan (張權)      Executive Director                     –      72,060.00       72,060.00     144,120.00      49,254.08    17,054.08        210,428.16
                       YANG Yongsheng (楊永勝) Former Executive Director              –     105,480.00      755,180.00     860,660.00      65,396.64    23,458.96        949,515.60
                       YAO Guiqing (姚桂清)    Independent Non-              100,000.00              –               –     100,000.00              –            –        100,000.00
                                              executive Director
                       YAO Cho Fai Andrew   Independent Non-              125,340.00             –                –     125,340.00             –            –         125,340.00
                       (姚祖輝)                  executive Director
                       FU Junyuan (傅俊元)     Independent Non-               50,000.00             –                –      50,000.00             –            –           50,000.00
                                              executive Director
                       CHEN Jin’en (陳津恩)    Former Independent Non-        30,000.00             –                –      30,000.00             –            –           30,000.00
                                              executive Director
                       CHAN Ka Keung Peter  Former Independent Non-        62,668.00             –                –      62,668.00             –            –           62,668.00
                       (陳嘉強)                  executive Director
                       GUO Yonghong (郭永宏) Non-executive Director                  –               –               –              –              –            –                 –
                       KONG Ning (孔寧)       Chairman of the                       –      192,000.00      227,760.00     419,760.00     139,277.76    32,813.76        591,851.52
                                              Supervisory Committee
                       YANG Yang (楊揚)       Employee Representative               –      220,000.00               –     220,000.00     128,378.32    32,915.03        381,293.35
                                              Supervisor
                       LI Tienan (李鐵南)      Shareholder                           –              –                –              –             –            –                     –
                                              Representative Supervisor
                       CHEN Shikui (陳世奎)    Former Employee                       –       16,000.00         8,000.00     24,000.00      10,899.44     2,045.85          36,945.29
                                              Representative Supervisor




506   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

          7.   Emolument of key management(Continued)

               Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (Continued)

               Notes:

               1.    The total pre-tax remunerations include basic salary, seniority wage, post salary, performance-based
                     salary, bonus, and meeting allowance, etc.

               2.    The remunerations for 2022 includes term incentive income from 2019 to 2021 (XU Zongxiang served for
                     26 months during the term of office from 2019 to 2021, less than three years).

               3.    ZHANG Quan was appointed as executive Director in August 2022, and the above-mentioned
                     remuneration and benefits is the total amount for his term of office from September to December.

               4.    Mr. GUO Yonghong was appointed as non-executive Director in March 2021. He received no emoluments
                     for the year ended 31 December 2022, because he did not receive any remuneration in the capacity as
                     non-executive Director.

               5.    YAO Cho Fai Andrew and FU Junyuan were appointed as an independent non-executive Director in
                     February 2022, and the above-mentioned remuneration and benefits is the total amount for their terms of
                     office from March to December.

               6.    In July 2022, YANG Yongsheng ceased to serve as executive Director.

               7.    In February 2022, CHEN Jin’en and CHAN Ka Keung Peter ceased to serve as independent non-
                     executive Director.

                     YANG Yang was appointed as employee representative supervisor in February 2022, and the above-
                     mentioned remuneration and benefits is the total amount for her term of office from February to
                     December.

               8.    Ms. LI Tienan was appointed as a supervisor in February 2020. She received no emoluments for the year
                     ended 31 December 2021, because she did not receive any remuneration in the capacity as supervisor.

               9.    YANG Yang was appointed as employee representative supervisor in February 2022, and the above-
                     mentioned remuneration and benefits is the total amount for her term of office from February to
                     December.

               10.   In February 2022, CHEN Shikui ceased to serve as employee representative supervisor.


               An analysis of the number of five highest paid employees within the Company for the year is as
               follows:


                                                                                        2022                        2021


               Non-director and non-supervisor employees                                    5                            5



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     507
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)


                 7.    Emolument of key management(Continued)


                       Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration (Continued)


                       Details of the remuneration of the above non-director and non-supervisor highest paid employees
                       are as follows:


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                      2022                      2021


                       Basic salary                                           2,535,021.00              5,351,500.00
                       Performance bonus                                      4,595,834.70              7,444,537.00


                       Total pre-tax remunerations                            7,130,855.70             12,796,037.00


                       Social insurance premium and housing
                          provident fund                                        722,089.28                692,804.45
                       Supplementary pension insurance                          237,262.44                387,022.80

                                                                              8,090,207.42             13,875,864.25



                       The number of non-director and non-supervisor highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
                       within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                      2022                      2021
                       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                –                        –
                       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                       1                        –
                       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                       3                        –
                       HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                       –                        –
                       HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                       1                        –
                       HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                       –                        5

                                                                                          5                        5



                 8.    Other related party transactions


                       □Applicable ✓ Not applicable




508   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (VI) Amounts due from/to related parties

        1.   Receivables

             ✓ Applicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

             Project name           Related Parties                                                       Closing balance   Opening balance

                                                                                                            Book balance      Book balance


             Accounts receivable    CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                       (通號佛山置業有限公司)                                                        270,478,117.58     297,105,277.45
                                    CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                                       (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                                                    223,364,552.80     292,863,059.33
                                    CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                       (通號置業有限公司)                                                           81,207,832.22     151,581,441.45
                                    Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                                       (天水有軌電車有限責任公司)                                                       40,716,302.73
                                    Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.
                                       (四平市綜合管廊建設運營有限公司)                                                    40,053,876.28      29,101,565.00
                                    Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                       (北京通號北房置業有限公司)                                                       37,235,921.67
                                    CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                    (通號貴州置業有限公司)                                                            11,039,721.40      21,079,606.28
                                    Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                                       (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                                        6,286,930.23      17,886,991.23
                                    Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                       (西門子信號有限公司)                                                           5,668,983.32      15,583,230.76
                                    Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology Co., Ltd.
                                       (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                                                       1,847,160.00
                                    ALSTOM Transport India Limited                                             952,347.84        238,423.70
                                    China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited
                                       (中國鐵路通信信號集團有限公司)                                                        287,160.54
                                    ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                                               164,889.00
                                    China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                                       (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                                           127,800.00
                                    ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                                              80,391.00
                                    Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                       (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                                           23,760.00




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022       509
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (VI) Amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

                 1.    Receivables (Continued)


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Project name              Related Parties                                             Closing balance   Opening balance

                                                                                                               Book balance      Book balance


                                                 ALSTOM Transport SA (Romania)                                         16.00
                                                   Xi’an Tongxin Railway Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
                                                   (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                                                               820,684.96
                                                 Tianshui Tonghao Electric Power Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                   (天水通號電力設備有限公司)                                                                     43,067.00
                                                 ALSTOM Transport Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                                29,136.00
                                                 Sub-total                                                    719,535,762.61     826,332,483.16
                                                 Less: provision for bad debts of accounts receivable          10,926,805.96        476,265.63
                                                 Total                                                        708,608,956.65     825,856,217.53


                       Dividends receivable      Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                                   (西門子信號有限公司)                                                  6,075,000.00       6,525,000.00


                       Prepayments               ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                                30,370,662.61
                                                   Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                   (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                               2,055,834.67       1,613,217.82
                                                 Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                                   Equipment Company Ltd.
                                                   (北京鐵路通信信號成套設備有限公司)                                              20,887.72          26,870.64
                                                 Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                                                   (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                                   3,900.00
                                                 Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                                   (西門子信號有限公司)                                                                      130,000.00
                                                 Total                                                         32,451,285.00       1,770,088.46


                       Other receivables         Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                                   (北京通號北房置業有限公司)                                               2,222,766.76        169,382.27
                                                 Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                                   (西門子信號有限公司)                                                    649,774.21        327,224.79
                                                 Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                                   (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                                 285,358.28




510   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (VI) Amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

         1.   Receivables (Continued)


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


              Project name          Related Parties                                                       Closing balance   Opening balance

                                                                                                            Book balance      Book balance


                                    CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                        (通號置業有限公司)                                                             314,943.80        333,518.00
                                    CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                        (通號貴州置業有限公司)                                                            32,134.56
                                    CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                        (通號佛山置業有限公司)                                                            17,301.18
                                    Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                        Equipment Company Ltd.
                                        (北京鐵路通信信號成套設備有限公司)                                                      10,000.00         10,000.00
                                    China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited
                                        (中國鐵路通信信號集團有限公司)                                                                       16,662,394.89
                                    Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                        (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                                                           293,628.00
                                    Beijing CRSC Construction and Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (北京通號建設開發有限公司)                                                                            71,997.70
                                    Xi’an Tongxin Railway Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
                                        (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                                                                        42,220.80
                                    Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                        (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                                                            32,518.97
                                    Sub-total                                                                3,532,278.79      17,942,885.42
                                    Less: provision for bad debts of other receivables                          22,051.44
                                    Total                                                                    3,510,227.35      17,942,885.42




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022       511
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (VI) Amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

                 2.    Payable

                       ✓ Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                             Book balance            Book balance
                                                                                                 at the end       at the beginning
                       Project name           Related parties                                 of the period           of the period

                       Accounts payable       Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway
                                                 Electronic Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                 (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)                          132,845,757.18        127,637,286.06
                                              ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                  82,545,944.04         51,350,265.10
                                              ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                           52,779,024.61         61,726,905.50
                                              Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                                                 (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                               32,954,805.20         46,487,403.44
                                              Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                                 (西門子信號有限公司)                                  13,684,417.69           7,078,456.70
                                              Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                                                 (阿爾斯通投資（上海）有限公司)                              2,963,223.11
                                              Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology
                                                 Development Co., Ltd.
                                                 (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                              1,700,412.61
                                              ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                 1,195,269.63           7,329,590.68
                                              China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                                                 (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                  908,553.36             811,273.00
                                              Xi’an Tongxin Railway Equipment
                                                 Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
                                                 (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                                                   3,401,783.59
                                              Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing
                                                 Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                 (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                                262,954.81             279,770.00
                                              Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                                 (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                 256,751.53             291,826.38
                                              ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p.A.                          83,048.45
                                              Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.
                                                 (北京二七通信工廠有限公司)                                   64,953.41              64,953.41
                                              CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing)
                                                 Co., Ltd.
                                                 (通智數據科技（北京）有限公司)                                                   12,176,481.32
                                              Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                 (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                                        125,544.17
                                              ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence                                       59,553.43
                                              Total                                          322,245,115.63        318,821,092.78



512   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (VI) Amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

         2.   Payable (Continued)


                                                                                     Book balance            Book balance
                                                                                         at the end       at the beginning
              Project name           Related parties                                  of the period           of the period

              Contract liabilities   CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                       (通號貴州置業有限公司)                                   8,390,102.80
                                     ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                   4,238,125.56            4,380,561.06
                                     ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited             975,045.42              110,357.99
                                     ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd.                      206,954.00              131,815.00
                                     ALSTOM Transport India Limited                      46,105.06               11,938.55
                                     Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                                       (北京通號北房置業有限公司)                                                         7,294,327.73
                                     Citadis Israel LTD                                                       2,126,404.67
                                     Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                       (西門子信號有限公司)                                                             577,400.00
                                     ALSTOM Transport Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                         29,120
                                     Total                                           13,856,332.84          14,661,925.00

              Other payables         China Railway Signal and Communication
                                        (Group) Corporation Limited
                                        (中國鐵路通信信號集團有限公司)                                777,896.85          11,477,274.05
                                     Beijing Railways Signal & Communication
                                        Complete Equipment Company Ltd.
                                        (北京鐵路通信信號成套設備有限公司)                              697,728.66             562,248.95
                                     China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.
                                        (中鐵通軌道運營有限公司)                                   186,783.90
                                     CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.
                                        (天水通號有軌電車有限責任公司)                                103,461.75
                                     Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                        (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                                           64,925.15
                                     Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity Fund Management
                                       Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
                                       (珠海華通私募基金管理企業（有限合夥))                                                     12,257.84
                                     Total                                            1,765,871.16          12,116,705.99

              Bills payable          Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                                        Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                        (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)                            1,500,000.00
                                     Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.
                                        (西安沙爾特寶電氣有限公司)                                  100,000.00
                                     Xi’an Tongxin Railway Equipment
                                        Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
                                        (西安同鑫鐵路器材製造有限責任公司)                                                    2,900,000.00
                                     Total                                            1,600,000.00            2,900,000.00

              Note: As of 31 December 2021, the Company’s receivables from and payables to related parties were interest-
                    free, unsecured and have no fixed repayment period.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      513
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      (XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (VII) Commitment of related parties


                 ✓Applicable □Not applicable


                                                                                                                   Balance at the end
                 Name of item                Related parties                                     Closing balance          of last year


                 Procurement of goods/receipt ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                      214,869,007.73      293,211,498.21
                   of services               ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                      19,657,533.25
                                             ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                                  6,848,028.00
                                             Siemens Signalling Company Ltd.
                                               (西門子信號有限公司)                                          6,427,113.61       11,852,852.10
                                             Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                               (西安唯迅監控設備有限公司)                                         167,644.00
                                             ALSTOM (USA)                                                                7,504,122.24
                                             Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
                                               (固安北信鐵路信號有限公司)                                                            1,189,881.76
                                             Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology
                                               Co., Ltd. (中關村芯海擇優科技有限公司)                                                  662,843.30
                                             Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                                               Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                               (北京北信豐元鐵路電子設備有限公司)                                                         247,471.21


                 Sale of goods/provision     ALSTOM Transport S.A.
                   of services                                                                    208,444,609.00       53,042,498.28
                                             ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty. Ltd                   38,288,033.77       45,637,583.60
                                             ALSTOM Transport India Limited                        31,843,658.00       10,513,661.00
                                             Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                                               Co., Ltd. (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                           2,613,553.00
                                             ALSTOM Transport Spain Limited                           843,854.25          929,453.25
                                             ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd.                            690,693.00          211,542.00
                                             ALSTOM HONG KONG LTD.                                    325,000.00          240,000.00
                                             ALSTOM Transport Romania SA                               73,822.00         3,186,589.00
                                             Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                                               Co., Ltd. (天津津軌匯海科技發展有限公司)                                              10,279,709.91
                                             Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.
                                               (四平市綜合管廊建設運營有限公司)                                                      205,361,702.63
                                             CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd. (天水通號有軌電
                                               車有限責任公司)                                                                  4,885,996.00




514   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                          RMB



(XII) RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (VIII) Others


           ✓Applicable □Not applicable


           During the year, the Company and the controlling shareholder, namely the parent company CRSC Group,
           jointly invested and established CRSC Group Finance Limited (通號集團財務有限公司). The Company
           contributed RMB1,900,000,000.00, with shareholding of 95%; the parent company CRSC Group
           contributed RMB100,000,000.00, with shareholding of 5%.


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

    (I)    Overview of share-based payment


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (II)   Equity-settled share-based payments


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (III) Cash-settled share-based payments

           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (IV) Modification and termination of share-based payment


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (V)    Other


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   515
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XIV. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

           (I)     Significant commitments

                   ✓ Applicable     □ Not applicable


                   Major external commitments, nature and amount thereof as at the balance sheet date


                                                                                                              Balance at
                   Name of item                                                  Closing balance     the end of last year


                   Contracted, but not provided for
                        Capital commitment                                           1,000,000.00           6,330,106.30
                        Investment commitment                                     422,600,000.00         324,610,770.00

                   Total                                                          423,600,000.00         330,940,876.30



           (II)    Contingencies

                   1.      Important contingencies existing as at the balance sheet date


                           □ Applicable   ✓ Not applicable


                   2.      The Company has no disclosable important contingencies, and shall also give an explanation:


                           ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


                           As at the balance sheet date, the Company has no disclosable contingencies.


           (III)   Others

                   □ Applicable     ✓ Not applicable




516   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                               RMB



XV.   EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

      (I)     Important non-adjusting matters

              □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


      (II)    Profit distribution

              ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


              On 23 March 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved to recommend the distribution of
              cash dividend of RMB0.17 (including tax) per share with the profit available for distribution as of 31
              December 2022. The profit distribution plan will be submitted to the Company’s 2022 annual general
              meeting for the shareholders’ consideration and approval.


      (III)   Sales return

              □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


      (IV)    Explanation of other events after the balance sheet date

              □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   517
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

           (I)     Early correction of accounting error

                   1.   Retrospective restatement


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                   2.   Prospective application


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (II)    Debt restructuring


                   □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (III)   Asset replacement


                   1.   Exchange of non-monetary assets


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                   2.   Other asset replacement


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




518   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (Continued)

    (IV)   Annuity plan


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (V)    Discontinuing operations


           □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (VI)   Segment information


           1.   Basis for determining and accounting policies of reportable segments


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                For management purposes, the Company is divided into business units based on the products and
                services. The Company has the following three reportable segments:


                (1)   The rail transportation control system segment mainly provides a specialized “three-in-one”
                      service comprising of design and integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery
                      for rail transportation control systems;


                (2)   General engineering contracting segment mainly includes municipal engineering contracting
                      and the construction services of other engineering projects;


                (3)   Other segments mainly engage in trading etc.


                The management separately manages the operating results of each business unit for the purpose
                of making decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment.


                Segment performance is evaluated based on the profit of a reportable segment. The indicator is
                consistent with the total profit of the Company.


                Inter-segment transfer pricing is determined by reference to prices adopted in sales or provision of
                labor services to third parties.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   519
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (Continued)

           (VI)   Segment information (Continued)


                  2.   Financial information of reportable segment


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                            Rail transportation   General engineering                       Inter-segment
                       Item                                    control system             contracting            Others         offsetting                Total


                       Revenue from external
                         transactions                        29,408,391,368.97      10,729,797,684.06     65,018,720.26                       40,203,207,773.29
                       Revenue from inter-segment
                         transactions                            26,538,572.21          63,803,307.24      2,553,793.55     -92,895,673.00

                       Investment income from
                         joint ventures and associates           68,664,091.57          27,646,638.36                 –                 –         96,310,729.93
                       Asset impairment loss                    -35,271,106.25          -1,913,935.48                 –                 –        -37,185,041.73
                       Credit impairment loss                   234,665,846.64         359,593,960.05         60,251.60                 –       594,320,058.29
                       Depreciation and amortization fees       674,874,599.28          15,337,987.88        256,191.03                 –       690,468,778.19
                       Total profit                                          –                     –                  –                 –      4,742,693,708.16
                       Income tax expenses                                   –                     –                  –                 –       642,049,846.43
                       Net profit (net loss)                                 –                     –                  –                 –      4,100,643,861.73
                       Long-term equity investments in
                         joint ventures and associates        1,335,144,656.15         169,865,511.53                 –                 –      1,505,010,167.68
                       Capital expenditures                   1,316,803,893.26          39,097,758.08        279,337.17                 –      1,356,180,988.51
                       Total assets                          81,535,873,587.31      33,968,616,516.31   2,138,133,916.15   -836,079,535.89   116,806,544,483.88

                       Total liabilities                     44,894,733,850.71      25,394,669,881.94     75,485,286.55    -836,079,535.89    69,528,809,483.31



                  3.   The Company shall explain the reason why there is no reportable segment or it cannot disclose
                       the total assets and total liabilities of each reportable segment


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




520   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                       RMB



XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (Continued)

    (VI) Segment information (Continued)


            4.    Other explanation


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (VII)   Other material transactions and matters that have an impact on investors’ decisions


            □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


    (VIII) Others

            ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


            Geographic information


            (1)   Revenue from external transactions


                  Revenue from external transactions                                        2022                      2021


                  China                                                      38,699,754,794.78          37,253,392,641.99
                  Other countries or regions                                  1,503,452,978.51            1,104,904,466.79

                  Total                                                      40,203,207,773.29          38,358,297,108.78


                  Note: Revenue from external transactions is categorized by where the customers are located.


            (2)   Total non-current assets


                  Total non-current assets                                                  2022                      2021


                  China                                                      10,913,880,128.68          15,176,623,882.00


                  Note: Non-current assets are categorized based on where the assets (excluding financial assets and deferred
                        tax assets) are located.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   521
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           (I)    Bills receivable


                                                                                                    Balance at the end
                  Item                                                       Closing balance               of last year


                  Commercial acceptance bills                                   79,973,817.53

                  Total                                                         79,973,817.53


                  Note: As at 31 December 2022, the Company has no bills receivables that have been pledged, endorsed or
                        discounted but not yet due at the balance sheet.


           (II)   Accounts receivable

                  1.      Disclosure by ageing on recording dates


                          ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                              Closing
                          Aging                                                                         book balance


                          Within 1 year                                                                954,209,257.79
                          1 to 2 years                                                                 480,830,031.73
                          2 to 3 years                                                                 228,372,496.69
                          Over 3 years                                                                 244,183,436.87
                          Subtotal                                                                   1,907,595,223.08
                          Less: Provision for bad debt                                                 119,489,165.73

                          Total                                                                      1,788,106,057.35




522   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                 RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (II)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


           2.   Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Categories                                                       Closing balance                                                                            Opening balance
                                                   Gross carrying amount             Provision for bad debt               Book value        Gross carrying amount               Provision for bad debt                 Book value
                                                                   Proportion                      Percentage of                                            Proportion                         Percentage of
                                                    Amount                 (%)         Amount       provision (%)                           Amount                  (%)           Amount         provision (%)


                Single provision for bad debt    459,225,210.57         24.07      2,831,288.06               0.62    456,393,922.51     452,462,918.94         22.16         4,470,744.79               0.99      447,992,174.15
                Provision withdrawn for bad
                  debt on a combination
                  basis                         1,448,370,012.51        75.93    116,657,877.67               8.05   1,331,712,134.84   1,589,418,481.48        77.84        87,745,644.56               5.52     1,501,672,836.92
                Total                           1,907,595,223.08       100.00    119,489,165.73                      1,788,106,057.35   2,041,881,400.42       100.00        92,216,389.35                        1,949,665,011.07


                Single provision for bad debt:


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Name                                                                                                                                 Closing balance

                                                                                                                      Gross                Provision for                   Percentage of                         Reasons for
                                                                                                         carrying amount                         bad debt                   provision (%)                           provision


                Single provision for bad debt                                                                 459,225,210.57                2,831,288.06                                0.62
                Total                                                                                         459,225,210.57                2,831,288.06                                                                         /




                                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022                     523
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (II)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


                  2.   Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)


                       Descriptions of single provision for bad debt:


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                       Items of provision on a combination basis:


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Name                                                            Closing balance

                                                                                            Provision for      Percentage of
                                                                 Accounts receivable            bad debt        provision (%)


                       Within 1 year                                  877,168,390.77         4,385,841.99                0.50
                       1 to 2 years                                   252,021,522.60        12,601,076.14                5.00
                       2 to 3 years                                   127,748,468.72        12,774,846.83              10.00
                       Over 3 years                                   191,431,630.42        86,896,112.71              45.39

                       Total                                        1,448,370,012.51      116,657,877.67



                       Recognition standards and descriptions of provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       If provisions for bad debts are made as per the general model of ECL, please make disclosure with
                       reference to other receivables:


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




524   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                  RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (II)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


           3.   Provision for bad debts


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Category                              Opening balance                    Increase/decrease during the period                       Closing balance

                                                                                            Recovery or               Write-off
                                                                            Provision           reversal        or cancellation    Other changes


                Single provision for bad debt             4,470,744.79   -1,573,966.73        65,490.00                                               2,831,288.06
                Provision withdrawn for bad debt on
                  a combination basis by
                                                                                                                                           97.66
                  credit risk characteristics            87,745,644.56   28,912,135.45                                                              116,657,877.67

                Total                                    92,216,389.35   27,338,168.72        65,490.00                                    97.66    119,489,165.73



                Including significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed in the period:


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           4.   Write-off of accounts receivable for the period


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                Writing-off of important accounts receivable


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022          525
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (II)   Accounts receivable (Continued)


                  5.   Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                       31 December 2022


                       The total amount of top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                       RMB588,251,757.04, accounting for 30.84% of the total closing balance of accounts receivable. The
                       total closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to RMB2,748,849.85.


                       31 December 2021


                       The total amount of top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                       RMB615,459,717.21, accounting for 30.14% of the total closing balance of accounts receivable. The
                       total closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to RMB5,582,614.44.


                  6.   Accounts receivable derecognized due to the transfer of financial assets


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  7.   Amount of assets or liabilities resulting from transferring of accounts receivable and continuing
                       involvement


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




526   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                      RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (III) Receivable for financing


         I.   Receivable for financing


                                                                                         Closing balance
              Item                                               Closing balance             of last year


              Bank acceptance bills                                54,684,084.19          85,141,369.24
              Commercial acceptance bills                                                 77,487,134.25

              Total                                                54,684,084.19         162,628,503.49



         2.   Notes receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company at the end of the period and not yet
              due on the balance sheet date


                                                                            Amount            Amount not
                                                                      derecognized          derecognized
                                                                          at the end            at the end
              Item                                                     of the period         of the period


              Bank acceptance bills                                     1,000,000.00

              Total                                                     1,000,000.00




                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   527
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IV)   Other receivables


                  Presentation of item


                  ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                  Item                                             Closing balance       Opening balance


                  Interests receivable
                  Dividends receivable                              161,752,930.31        356,533,862.95
                  Other receivables                                6,255,470,067.85     6,212,600,336.97

                  Total                                            6,417,222,998.16     6,569,134,199.92



                  Other explanation:


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  Interests receivable


                  (1).    Classification of interests receivable


                          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  (2).    Significant overdue interest


                          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




528   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                               RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (IV) Other receivables (Continued)


         (3).   Provision for bad debts


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                Other explanation:


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


         (4).   Dividends receivable


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                         Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                Item (or investee)                    Closing balance            Opening balance


                CRSCD                                                                           –
                CRSC Wanquan                             3,616,930.31               3,616,930.31
                CRSC Construction                      158,136,000.00             158,138,932.64
                Zhengzhou Zhongyuan                                               190,593,000.00
                CRSC Electrification Bureau                                         4,185,000.00

                Total                                  161,752,930.31             356,533,862.95




                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   529
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IV) Other receivables (Continued)


                 (5).   Significant dividends receivable with an age over 1 year


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 (6).   Provision for bad debts


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                        Other explanation:


                        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                 Other receivables


                 (1).   Disclosure by ageing


                        ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Closing
                        Aging                                                               book balance


                        Subtotal for within 1 year                                       1,645,181,079.59
                        1 to 2 years                                                     4,254,979,490.21
                        2 to 3 years                                                       133,351,323.64
                        Over 3 years                                                       222,543,422.21
                        Subtotal                                                         6,256,055,315.65
                        Less: Provision for bad debts                                          585,247.80

                        Total                                                            6,255,470,067.85




530   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                              RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (IV) Other receivables (Continued)


         (2).   Classified by nature of accounts


                ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                 Closing                Opening
                Nature of accounts                         book balance            book balance


                Loans from subsidiaries                  5,942,843,130.00      4,560,843,130.00
                Advances                                  256,412,878.94       1,564,390,541.16
                Others                                     56,799,306.71          87,952,381.83
                Sub-total                                6,256,055,315.65      6,213,186,052.99
                Less: Provision for bad debts                 585,247.80             585,716.02

                Total                                    6,255,470,067.85      6,212,600,336.97




                                                                                Annual Report 2022   531
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (IV) Other receivables (Continued)


                 (3).   Provision for bad debts


                        ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                             Stage 1          Stage 2            Stage 3

                                                                         Lifetime ECL
                                                                          (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
                        Provision for bad debt         12-month ECL         impaired)   (credit-impaired)           Total


                        Amounts due as at
                          1 January 2022                  422,922.69       162,793.33                          585,716.02
                        Amounts due for the period
                          as at 1 January 2022
                        – Transferred to stage 2
                        – Transferred to stage 3         -372,051.00                          372,051.00
                        – Reversed to stage 2
                        – Reversed to stage 1             162,793.33      -162,793.33
                        Provision for the period               -468.22                                            -468.22

                        Amounts due as at
                          31 December 2022                213,196.80                          372,051.00       585,247.80



                        Explanation about obvious changes in gross carrying amount of other receivables for which loss
                        provision has changed in the period:


                        ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable




532   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                 RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (IV) Other receivables (Continued)


         (3).   Provision for bad debts (Continued)


                Changes in gross carrying amount of other receivables are as follows:


                                                         Stage 1         Stage 2            Stage 3

                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                     (non-credit      Lifetime ECL
                Gross carrying amount             12-month ECL         impaired)   (credit-impaired)                Total


                Amounts due as at the end
                  of last year                  6,212,916,115.67      269,937.32                         6,213,186,052.99
                Amounts due for the period as
                  at the end of last year
                  – Transferred to stage 2
                  – Transferred to stage 3           -372,051.00                         372,051.00
                  – Reversed to stage 2
                  – Reversed to stage 1               269,937.32     -269,937.32
                Increase for the period         2,669,491,175.86                                         2,669,491,175.86
                Derecognized for the period     -2,626,621,913.20                                       -2,626,621,913.20
                Other changes

                Amounts due as at the end
                  of the period                 6,255,683,264.65                         372,051.00      6,256,055,315.65



                Amount of provision for bad debt for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of
                financial instruments increases significantly:


                □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   533
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (II)   Other receivables (Continued)


                  (4).   Provision for bad debts


                         ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                            Increase/decrease during the period

                                                    Opening                       Recovery           Write-off                      Closing
                         Categories                  balance    Provision        or reversal   or cancellation    Other changes     balance


                         Single provision for
                           bad debt                372,051.00                                                                     372,051.00
                         Provision withdrawn for
                           bad debt on a
                           combination basis by
                           credit risk
                           characteristics         213,665.02     -468.22                                                         213,196.80

                         Total                     585,716.02     -468.22                                                         585,247.80



                         Including significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed in the period:


                         □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  (5).   Write-off of other receivables for the period


                         □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




534   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                              RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (II)   Other receivables (Continued)


           (6).   Top five other receivables by closing balance of debtors


                  ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                  31 December 2022


                  The total amount of top five other receivables by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                  RMB5,761,642,694.29, accounting for 92.10% of the total closing balance of other receivables.
                  There was no need to make provision for bad debt.


                  31 December 2021


                  The total amount of top five other receivables by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                  RMB5,120,000,000.00, accounting for 82.41% of the total closing balance of other receivables.
                  There was no need to make provision for bad debt.


           (7).   Receivables involving government subsidies


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (8).   Other receivables derecognized due to the transfer of financial assets


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


           (9).   Amount of assets or liabilities resulting from transfer of other receivables and continuing
                  involvement


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  Other explanation:


                  □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   535
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (V)   Long-term equity investments


                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                               Closing balance                                             Opening balance

                                                                      Balance of         Impairment                              Balance of          Impairment
                                                                 carrying amount           provision   Carrying amount      carrying amount            provision   Carrying amount


                 Investment in subsidiaries                     18,350,119,539.81                      18,350,119,539.81   16,333,066,112.61                  –    16,333,066,112.61
                 Investments in associates and joint ventures     895,054,025.19                         895,054,025.19      864,288,516.03                   –      864,288,516.03

                 Total                                          19,245,173,565.00                      19,245,173,565.00   17,197,354,628.64                  –    17,197,354,628.64




536   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                            RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (V)   Long-term equity investments (Continued)


          1.   Investment in subsidiaries


               ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                   Closing
                                                                                                                              Provision for     balance of
                                                             Opening     Increase for   Decrease for           Closing       impairment for   provision for
               Investee                                 book balance      the period      the period     book balance            the period    impairment


               China Railway Signal & Communication
                 Shanghai Engineering Bureau Group
                 Co., Ltd. (中國鐵路通信信號上海工程
                 局集團有限公司)                             1,635,118,995.36                                 1,635,118,995.36
               Beijing National Railway Research
                 & Design Institute of Signal &
                 Communication Co., Ltd. (北京全路通
                 信信號研究設計院集團有限公司)                      2,183,153,452.31                                 2,183,153,452.31
               CRSC Communication & Information
                 Group Company Ltd. (通號通信信息集
                 團有限公司)                                370,790,731.45                                   370,790,731.45
               CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology
                 Co., Ltd. (通號城市軌道交通技術有限
                 公司)                                   100,000,000.00                                   100,000,000.00
               CRSC International Holdings Company
                 Limited (通號國際控股有限公司)                  463,000,000.00                                   463,000,000.00
               CRSC Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                 (通號創新投資有限公司)                         2,901,431,060.71                                 2,901,431,060.71
               CRSC Engineering Group Company Ltd.
                 (通號工程局集團有限公司)                        1,090,447,494.77                                 1,090,447,494.77
               CRSC Cables Company Ltd. (通號電纜集
                 團有限公司)                                389,223,087.50                                   389,223,087.50
               CRSC (Changsha) Rail Transit Control
                 Technology Company Limited (通號
                 (長沙)軌道交通控制技術有限公司)                    1,454,470,000.00                                 1,454,470,000.00




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022       537
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (V)   Long-term equity investments (Continued)



                 1.    Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)


                                                                                                                                                                  Closing
                                                                                                                                             Provision for     balance of
                                                                         Opening         Increase for   Decrease for             Closing    impairment for   provision for
                       Investee                                     book balance           the period      the period      book balance         the period    impairment


                       CASCO Signal Ltd. (卡斯柯信號有限
                         公司)                                       731,460,709.51                                         731,460,709.51
                       CRSC (Beijing) Rail Industry Group Co.,
                         Ltd. (通號(北京)軌道工業集團有限
                         公司)                                        50,000,000.00                       50,000,000.00
                       CRSC (Xi’an) Rail Industry Group Co.,
                         Ltd. (通號(西安)軌道交通工業集團有限
                         公司)                                      2,161,476,363.60                                       2,161,476,363.60
                       Zhengzhou Zhongyuan Railway
                         Engineering Co., Ltd. (鄭州中原鐵道
                         工程有限責任公司)                                 325,000,000.00                                         325,000,000.00
                       CRSC Construction Group Co., Ltd.
                         (通號建設集團有限公司)                             1,278,913,017.40                                       1,278,913,017.40
                       China Railway Signal & Communication
                         International Co., Ltd. (中國通號國際
                         有限公司)                                        2,581,200.00                                           2,581,200.00
                       CRSC Jishou Tengda Project
                         Management Co., Ltd. (吉首通號騰達
                         項目管理有限責任公司)                               405,000,000.00                                         405,000,000.00
                       CRSC Jishou Huatai Pipeline Project
                         Management Co., Ltd. (吉首通號華泰
                         管廊項目管理有限責任公司)                             522,000,000.00                                         522,000,000.00
                       CRSC (Jiangsu) Smart City Construction
                         & Development Co., Ltd. (通號(江蘇)
                         智慧城市建設開發有限公司)                             264,000,000.00     167,053,427.20                      431,053,427.20
                       CRSC (Beijing) Tendering Company Ltd.
                         (通號(北京)招標有限公司)                               5,000,000.00                                           5,000,000.00
                       CRSC Group Finance Limited (通號集團
                         財務有限公司)                                                     1,900,000,000.00                    1,900,000,000.00

                       Total                                     16,333,066,112.61   2,067,053,427.20   50,000,000.00   18,350,119,539.81




538   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                            RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (V)   Long-term equity investments (Continued)


          2.                Investments in associates and joint ventures


                            ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                     Increase/decrease during the period
                                                                                       Investment            Other                         Declared and
                                                                                     gains/losses    comprehensive                            paid cash                                                     Closing balance
                                                      Increase in   Decrease in recognized under           income           Other equity      dividends    Provision for                                    of provision for
          Investee                 Opening balance    investment    investment the equity method        adjustment              changes       or profits    impairment          Others    Closing balance       impairment


          I. Joint venture
          Wenzhou-Hangwen
              High-Speed Railway      76,503,772.49                                                                                                                                         76,503,772.49
          Subtotal                    76,503,772.49                                                                                                                                         76,503,772.49
          I . Associates
          CSCEC Foshan                12,616,233.38                                                                                                                                         12,616,233.38
          Siping Pipeline            224,763,946.36                                                                                                                                        224,763,946.36
          Guangdong Utrust           344,091,086.74                                   7,555,000.38                                                                                         351,646,087.12
          CRSC Tianshui              206,313,477.06                                  23,210,508.78                                                                                         229,523,985.84
          Subtotal                   787,784,743.54                                  30,765,509.16                                                                                         818,550,252.70
          Total                      864,288,516.03                                  30,765,509.16                                                                                         895,054,025.19




                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022                    539
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           (VI)   Revenue and costs of sales


                  1.   Revenue and costs of sales


                       ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                       Item                            Amount for the current period                 Amount for the last period

                                                           Revenue                     Cost           Revenue                        Cost


                       Principal operations         3,491,835,458.20        3,164,713,992.99   5,607,156,949.46          5,282,629,217.04
                       Other operations               176,888,171.44           47,847,019.54    161,614,770.17               44,018,790.16

                       Total                        3,668,723,629.64        3,212,561,012.53   5,768,771,719.63          5,326,648,007.20



                  2.   Revenue from contracts


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  3.   Details of performance obligation:


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                  4.   Explanation about allocation to the remaining performance obligations


                       □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                       Other explanation:




540   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                        RMB



XVII. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

    (VII)   Investment income


            ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                       Amount for             Amount for
            Item                                                 the current period        the last period


            Income from long-term equity investments under the
              cost method                                         1,939,015,477.95       1,698,268,090.00
            Income from long-term equity investments under the
              equity method                                          30,765,509.16          51,213,441.33
            Interest income from debt investments during the
              holding period                                         11,364,993.67          11,364,993.67
            Investment income from borrowing/loan                   229,125,365.52         265,047,293.19

            Total                                                 2,210,271,346.30       2,025,893,818.19



            Other explanation:


    (VIII) Others

            □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   541
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

           (I)   Breakdown of current non-recurring profit or loss


                 ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable


                                                                                                Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                 Item                                                                    Amount                   Note


                 Profit and loss on disposal of non-current assets                  29,599,933.66                     /
                 Tax refund or relief for which approval is not authorized
                    or no formal approval is issued
                 Government grants recognized through profit or loss
                    (other than government grants which are closely
                    related to corporate business and granted based on
                    a fixed amount or a fixed quantity unified by the
                    state)                                                         225,886,038.73                     /
                 Corporate restructuring costs, such as employee
                    relocation expenses and integration costs
                 Gain or loss on transactions with obviously unfair
                    transaction price for amount which exceeds fair value
                 Net gains or losses of subsidiaries for the current
                    period from the beginning of the period to the date of
                    combination arising from business combination under
                    common control
                 Gain or loss on other contingencies which are not
                    related to the Company’s normal operations
                 Gain or loss on changes in fair value from held-for-
                    trading financial assets, derivative financial assets,
                    financial liabilities held for trading, derivative financial
                    liabilities, and investment income from disposal of
                    held-for-trading financial assets, derivative financial
                    assets, financial liabilities held for trading, derivative
                    financial liabilities and other debt investment, except
                    for effective hedging transactions that are related to
                    the Company’s normal operations




542   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             RMB



XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (I)   Breakdown of current non-recurring profit or loss (Continued)


          Item                                                                 Amount                      Note


          Reversal of the impairment provision for receivables
            and contract assets which are tested individually for
            impairment                                                    5,479,157.91                         /
          Gain or loss on external entrusted loans
          Gain or loss arising from changes in fair value of
            investment properties under fair value model on
            subsequent measurement
          Effect of one-time adjustment to current profit or loss
            according to the requirements of tax and accounting
            laws and regulations on current profit or loss
          Entrusted fee income from entrusted operations
          Other non-operating income and expenses apart from
            the aforesaid items                                          29,432,450.43                         /
          Other gain or loss items falling within the definition of
            extraordinary items
          Less: Effect of income tax                                     52,080,244.77                         /
          Effect of minority interest                                    21,507,633.31                         /

          Total                                                         216,809,702.65                         /



          Reasons shall be given with respect to the Company classifying the non-recurring profit and loss items
          defined and listed in the Explanatory Notice on Information Disclosure of Companies with Public Offering
          No. 1-Non-recurring Profit and Loss (
                                             《公開發行證券的公司信息披露解釋性公告第 1 號 － 非經常性損益》
                                                                              )
          as recurring profit and loss items.


          □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   543
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      RMB



      XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (Continued)

           (II)   Return on net assets and earnings per share

                  ✓ Applicable □ Not applicable

                  2022

                                                                                           Earnings per share
                                                                     Weighted
                                                               average return        Basic earnings    Diluted earnings
                  Profit for the Reporting Period            on net assets (%)            per share           per share

                  Net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the Company                              8.17              0.33                0.33
                  Net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the Company after
                    deducting non-recurring profits and
                    losses                                                   7.68              0.31                0.31


                  2021

                                                                                            Earnings per share
                                                                         Weighted
                                                                    average return    Basic earnings    Diluted earnings
                  Profit for the Reporting Period                on net assets (%)         per share           per share

                  Net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the Company                              7.57              0.30                0.30
                  Net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the Company after
                    deducting non-recurring profits and
                    losses                                                   7.22              0.28                0.28




544   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                  RMB



XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (III) Differences in accounting data between domestic and overseas accounting standards

        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable

    (IV) Others

        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable


                                                                                             Chairman:
                                                          Date of approval by the Board for submission:

        INFORMATION ON AMENDMENT

        □ Applicable ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   545
      SECTION XII                         FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT

      Item                                             2022                2021                2020                2019                2018


      Revenue                              40,203,207,773.29   38,358,297,108.78   40,124,476,710.76   41,646,286,792.57   40,012,601,322.24
      Costs of sales                       30,680,741,586.09   29,846,875,671.34   31,269,101,236.91   32,112,103,467.88   30,931,739,704.16


      Taxes and surcharges                   241,534,607.36      253,686,656.86      230,083,398.31      260,018,767.25      255,740,657.97
      Selling and distribution expenses      812,111,306.78      796,771,857.42      782,685,977.22      878,468,933.38      701,572,032.88
      General and administrative
        expenses                            2,289,994,474.16    2,116,982,019.27    2,059,557,214.11    2,530,027,201.64    2,462,903,609.57
      Research and development
        expenses                            1,689,810,596.63    1,638,494,903.20    1,434,273,399.90    1,583,455,766.97    1,323,503,188.98
      Finance costs                          -237,983,529.30     -312,381,754.25     -249,659,643.80     -144,051,571.49      -86,429,029.18
      Assets impairment losses                37,185,041.73       64,728,770.22       13,806,313.28       12,097,212.16          110,408.35
      Credit impairment losses               -594,320,058.29     195,496,554.50       16,062,175.36       18,930,589.80      113,310,088.29
      Investment income                      121,595,656.28      113,911,083.50       58,689,540.14      372,775,072.48       55,167,907.21
      Gains or losses from disposal of
        assets                                29,599,933.66       35,949,376.07      171,224,991.74        -1,382,312.77       -4,136,576.96
      Other income                           366,824,324.56      336,893,708.75      216,220,467.27      213,181,016.26      171,651,177.97
      Operating profit                      4,704,290,405.66    4,244,396,598.54    5,014,701,638.62    4,979,410,200.95    4,532,833,169.44
      Non-operating income                    48,280,889.32       44,826,898.06       26,100,278.36       61,799,594.90       45,181,935.07
      Non-operating expenses                    9,877,586.82      15,311,313.98         4,929,393.37      13,735,278.90       58,345,128.80
      Total profit                          4,742,693,708.16    4,273,912,182.62    5,035,872,523.61    5,027,474,516.95    4,519,669,975.71
      Income tax expenses                    642,049,846.43      581,002,096.30      796,452,326.62      850,426,160.91      802,874,717.84
      Net profit                            4,100,643,861.73    3,692,910,086.32    4,239,420,196.99    4,177,048,356.04    3,716,795,257.87
      Net profit attributable to the
        owners of parent company            3,633,640,258.62    3,274,672,689.28    3,819,046,319.02    3,815,874,901.39    3,408,545,542.62
      Profit or loss attributable to
        non-controlling interests            467,003,603.11      418,237,397.04      420,373,877.97      361,173,454.65      308,249,715.25
      Basic earnings per share                          0.33                0.30                0.34                0.38                0.38
      Diluted earnings per share                        0.33                0.30                0.34                0.38                0.38


      TOTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

      Item                                             2022                2021                2020                2019                2018


      Total assets                        116,806,544,483.88 108,942,588,838.30 105,328,082,320.59     97,512,591,304.36   79,678,537,628.47
      Total liabilities                    69,528,809,483.31   63,571,212,916.84   61,030,744,806.19   54,787,913,723.34   49,406,456,079.29
      Total Shareholders’ equity           47,277,735,000.57   45,371,375,921.46   44,297,337,514.40   42,724,677,581.02   30,272,081,549.18




546   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
