(A joint stock limited libility company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)

Stock Code: 3969




2025
Annual Report




* For identification only
                                                                                   IMPORTANT NOTICE



I.     THE BOARD OF THE COMPANY AND THE DIRECTORS AND MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR
       MANAGEMENT WARRANT THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF
       THE CONTENTS HEREIN AND CONFIRM THAT THERE ARE NO MISREPRESENTATIONS
       OR MISLEADING STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN, OR MATERIAL OMISSIONS FROM, THIS
       ANNUAL REPORT, AND ACCEPT SEVERAL AND JOINT LEGAL RESPONSIBILITIES.

II.    THE COMPANY MADE NO PROFIT AT THE TIME OF LISTING AND HAS NOT BEEN YET
       PROFITABLE

            Yes           ✓   No


III.   WARNING OF SIGNIFICANT RISKS

       For the description of relevant risks, please refer to SECTION IV “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND
       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS” of this report.


IV.    ALL DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY ATTENDED THE BOARD MEETING.

V.     BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP ISSUED A STANDARD
       UNQUALIFIED AUDIT REPORT FOR THE COMPANY.

VI.    LOU QILIANG, PERSON-IN-CHARGE OF THE COMPANY, LI LIANQING, CHIEF
       ACCOUNTANT, AND LIU HUAFENG, HEAD OF THE FINANCIAL DEPARTMENT (PERSON IN
       CHARGE OF ACCOUNTING), CONFIRM THAT THE FINANCIAL REPORT IN THIS ANNUAL
       REPORT IS TRUE, ACCURATE AND COMPLETE.

VII.   PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR RESERVES-TO-EQUITY TRANSFER PLAN DURING THE
       REPORTING PERIOD AS CONSIDERED BY THE BOARD

       As considered by the 35th meeting of the fourth session of the Board of the Company, the Company plans to distribute
       cash dividend of RMB1.7 (including tax) to all Shareholders for every 10 shares based on the total share capital of
       10,589,819,000 shares on 31 December 2025, totaling RMB1,800,269,230. The profit distribution plan needs to be
       considered and approved by the Company’s 2025 annual general meeting.


       The parent company has accumulated losses


            Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable



VIII. WHETHER THERE ARE IMPORTANT MATTERS SUCH AS SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

            Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable
IMPORTANT NOTICE (CONTINUED)




IX.    DISCLAIMER OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

        ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


       This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on some subjective judgements and prospective
       assumptions with precedent conditions to the domestic and overseas economic trends and macro policies in the future.
       The judgements and assumptions may change under the influence of constraints. The final results or trends may differ
       from these forward-looking statements.


       The forward-looking statements included in this report in relation to future plans, development strategies, etc. do not
       constitute any substantive commitment to investors by the Company. Investors should be aware of investment risks.


X.     WHETHER THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OR ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE
       MISAPPROPRIATED THE COMPANY’ S FUNDS FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR
       BUSINESS

       No


XI.    WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS PROVIDED EXTERNAL GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF
       ANY PRESCRIBED DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES

       No


XII.   WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS MORE THAN HALF OF THE DIRECTORS THAT CAN NOT
       GUARANTEE THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF THE ANNUAL
       REPORT DISCLOSED BY THE COMPANY

       No


XIII. OTHERS

             Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable
                                                                                                      CONTENTS




SECTION I            DEFINITIONS                                                                                          2

SECTION II           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                 4

SECTION III          BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS                                             6

SECTION IV           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF
                     THE DIRECTORS                                                                                       15

SECTION V            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY                                                      129

SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS                                                                                 204

SECTION VII          CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS                                                  243

SECTION VIII         PARTICULARS OF BONDS                                                                               258

SECTION IX           FINANCIAL REPORT                                                                                   266

SECTION X            FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                        630

                       The financial statements signed and stamped by the person-in-charge of the Company, chief
                       financial officer and the person in charge of accounting of the Company.

 Documents Available   Original copies of audit report signed and stamped by the accounting firm and certified public
    for Inspection     accountants.

                       Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company disclosed publicly during the
                       Reporting Period.
    SECTION I                  DEFINITIONS




    I.      DEFINITIONS
            Unless otherwise stated in the report, the following terms should have the following meanings in this report:


            Definitions of Common Words


            ATO                                          Automatic Train Operation, the automatic train operation system, a system
                                                         that automatically adjusts the speed and operation status of trains to
                                                         automatically control a train’s operation


            ATP                                          Automatic Train Protection, the automatic train protection equipment that
                                                         automatically brakes train when it exceeds speed limits


            Board                                        the board of directors of the Company


            CBTC                                         Communication Based Train Control System, train control system for
                                                         urban transit, the wireless communication-based automatic train control
                                                         system, a wireless communication system for urban transit that enables
                                                         bidirectional communication between vehicle and ground facilities to
                                                         control the operation of trains


            China or the PRC                             the People's Republic of China, which for the purposes of this report
                                                         excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan


            CNRG                                         China National Railway Group Co., Ltd.


            CRSC or the Company or Company               China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited


            CRSC Group                                   China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited, the
                                                         controlling shareholder of the Company


            CSRC                                         China Securities Regulatory Commission


            CTCS                                         Chinese Train Control System, developed by China for ensuring the safe
                                                         operation of trains, which is divided into 0 to 4 levels based on function
                                                         and equipment configuration according to the operational requirements of
                                                         different lines. The higher the level, the faster the train speed applied and
                                                         the higher the technical difficulty


            EPC                                          Engineering Procurement Construction, the whole process or certain
                                                         stages of the contract entrusted by the owner to the Company to carry
                                                         out the design, procurement, construction, and trial operation of the
                                                         construction project in accordance with the contract


            Group                                        the Company and its subsidiaries




2        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     SECTION I              DEFINITIONS (CONTINUED)




Hong Kong Stock Exchange                       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


RBC                                            Radio Blocking Center is the ground core equipment of the CTCS-3 system
                                               to generate control information on the driving permission, line description
                                               and temporary speed limit for the controlled train according to the train
                                               status provided by the train ATP, the interlock path status provided by the
                                               interlock device, the track occupation status, and the temporary line speed
                                               limit command provided by the TSRS and transmit such information to the
                                               on-board ATP through the GSM-R network to control the driving status of
                                               the train.


Reporting Period                               the year ended 31 December 2025


SASAC                                          State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
                                               State Council


SSE                                            the Shanghai Stock Exchange


TACS                                           Train Autonomous Circumambulation System is the automatic train
                                               operation system, which is a signal system for a train to realise
                                               autonomous resource management and active interval protection based
                                               on the operation plan and real-time location of the train.

Note:   In this report, figures shown as totals in different ways may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding
        them, which are due to rounding adjustments. Unless otherwise specified, the currency of the amounts listed in this
        report is RMB.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          3
    SECTION II                CHAIRMAN’ S STATEMENT



    The year 2025 marks the conclusion of the 14th Five-Year Plan and serves as a pivotal year bridging past achievements with
    future development in the new era. CRSC thoroughly implemented the important directives of General Secretary Xi Jinping
    regarding the work of central enterprises, studied and applied the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress
    and successive plenary sessions, the Central Economic Work Conference, and the meeting of central enterprise leaders.
    The Company resolutely implemented the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission’s requirements
    to enhance core functions and competitiveness of central enterprises. By upholding strategic, technological, and industrial
    thinking, insisting on driving development through technology, promoting progress through practical work, seeking
    breakthroughs through innovation, and forging new paths through responsibility, CRSC advanced major tasks and focused on
    enhancing five key value dimensions, promoting the stable improvement in development quality and efficiency.


    Over the past year, we concentrated on our core responsibilities, continuously strengthening independent innovation
    capabilities. We intensified efforts in pioneering technological research, overcoming core challenges in cloud-based operation
    control and low-altitude intelligent management systems. The domestically developed C3+ATO equipment helped maintain
    CR450's world-leading operational speed, while breakthroughs were made in railway operation control technologies for
    extreme plateau and frigid conditions. The world’s first trial operation of a 35,000-ton heavy-haul train group control system
    was successfully conducted. Our EU-compliant onboard solutions for railway interoperability gained access to core European
    markets. Major technological achievements including the new Qinghai-Tibet Railway operation control system, BeiDou-
    based positioning control system, and regional rail transit coordination systems were successively deployed. Advanced R&D
    progressed in space-based operation control satellite communications, ultrasonic guided wave detection, UAV electrostatic
    detection, multimodal perception models, scenario-specific algorithms, and dynamic resource allocation for transportation
    systems.


    Over the past year, we have served national strategies by fostering the coordinated development of “rail transit + low-altitude
    economy”. We implemented major national strategies such as building a strong transportation network and promoting regional
    coordinated development. We participated in 22 key domestic railway construction projects, delivered 1,232 km of high-speed
    rail lines, and won 1 Luban Award along with 14 provincial- and ministerial-level high-quality projects. We advanced high-
    quality Belt and Road cooperation, with the Serbia section of the Hungary-Serbia Railway being fully put into operation. The
    Massi Railway in Guinea’s Simandou iron ore mining area also commenced official operation. We cultivated strategic emerging
    industries by contributing to policy and standard formulation for national ministries, launching the “one network unified flight”
    low-altitude operation service platform, and deploying the ID Space intelligent low-altitude airspace management system in
    Jilin Province, Xiongan, and other regions. Our “One Tower, One City” communication solution underwent pilot applications in
    Nujiang, Baotou, and Nanjing, creating new scenarios such as high-altitude agricultural transport in Nujiang and inter-island
    logistics in Zhoushan.




4      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION II              CHAIRMAN’ S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)




Over the past year, we deepened comprehensive reforms, with endogenous momentum and development vitality reinforcing
each other. We continued to advance the reform and enhancement initiatives, with all five major categories of tasks and
233 specific measures deployed being completed as scheduled. Optimized the division of labor in the “Four Intelligences”
industries and refined the full-chain work systems for both traditional and strategically emerging industries, concentrating
efforts to accelerate industrial transformation and upgrading. Coordinated efforts to build world-class enterprises and
establish professional leading demonstration enterprises, fully accomplishing the value creation initiatives. We enhanced
capital operation capabilities, implemented the dual-drive development strategy of “industry + capital”, and steadily advanced
joint ventures and investment acquisitions with a focus on dual business tracks. Established CRSC Zijin Company, Nujiang
Grand Canyon Low-Altitude Company, Inner Mongolia Transportation Investment Joint Venture, and Greater Bay Area Low-
Altitude Research Institute to accelerate industrial implementation. We continued to deepen the reform of the three institutional
systems, enhanced the quality and coverage of tenure-based and contract-based management, institutionalized the
adjustment of underperforming managers and exit of incompetent personnel, improved talent exchange channels between
group headquarters and subsidiaries, and refined a differentiated and precise compensation mechanism that balances
incentives with constraints while prioritizing both efficiency and fairness to invigorate development momentum. Aligned with the
transformation needs of the “Four Intelligences” industrial upgrade, we deepened organizational reforms at group headquarters
through competitive recruitment, providing structural and talent support for industrial layout adjustments.


Over the past year, we have reinforced our commitment to responsibility, driving the steady and long-term high-quality
development of the enterprise. Adhering to the development philosophy of “people-oriented, safety first, and excellence
through sincerity”, we actively explored technology-driven environmental solutions to promote green and low-carbon
transformation. The R&D of electromagnetic induction heating switch snow-melting systems significantly improved electrical-
to-thermal conversion efficiency, while fully automated flexible marshalling technology contributed to reduced traction energy
consumption. We advanced green manufacturing and supply chain development, establishing green factories. Four affiliated
companies were recognized as green factories, including one at the national level and three at the provincial or ministerial
level. We deepened the reform of industrial workforce development, leveraging the leading role of model worker innovation
studios to foster an ecosystem that respects, nurtures, and empowers talent. Empowering rural revitalization and regional
coordinated development, we leveraged our technological and industrial strengths to explore innovative smart agriculture
models through the low-altitude intelligent connectivity platform. It facilitated the establishment of a characteristic mugwort
industry chain to boost local employment, with its agricultural support projects being featured in the Blue Book on Rural
Revitalization by Central State-Owned Enterprises. We continued to enhance corporate transparency and brand influence.
Its 2024 ESG Report secured the 17th position in the “ESG Pioneer 100" index for companies listed in China and ranked 10th
among central state-owned enterprises.


In 2026, CRSC will continue to adhere to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a
New Era, anchoring its strategic positioning as a “global leader in intelligent control industries”. It will deepen its focus on two
core industrial domains, rail transit and low-altitude economy, while expanding its four intelligent system businesses: smart rail
transit, smart low-altitude, smart city, and intelligent operations. It will also develop the intelligent terminal equipment industry,
striving to forge “major national asset” in the field of intelligent control and lay a solid foundation for high-quality development
during the 15th Five-Year Plan period.


On this occasion, I would like to extend, on behalf of the Board, our deepest gratitude to shareholders for their support in the
Company’s reform and development, as well as to all friends from various sectors who have shown concern and support for the
Company.


                                                                                                                         Lou Qiliang
                                                                                                                           Chairman

                                                                                                                       Beijing, China
                                                                                                                      24 March 2026




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025          5
    SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


    I.       CORPORATE INFORMATION
             Chinese name of the Company              中國鐵路通信信號股份有限公司
             Chinese abbreviation                     中國通號
             English name of the Company              China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             English abbreviation                     CRSC
             Legal representative of the Company      LOU Qiliang
             Registered office of the Company         20/F, CRSC Building A
                                                      1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                      Fengtai District, Beijing, China
             Historical change of registered office   In November 2017, the Company’s registered office was changed from B 49
               of the Company                         Xisihuan South Road, Fengtai District, Beijing, China to 20/F, CRSC Building A
                                                      1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road Fengtai District, Beijing, China
             Principal place of business              CRSC Building
                                                      1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                      Fengtai District, Beijing, China
             Postal code of principal place of        100070
               business
             Website of the Company                   www.crsc.cn
             E-mail                                   ir@crsc.cn
             Principal place of business in Hong      40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
               Kong                                   Hong Kong


    II.      CONTACT PERSONS AND CONTACT METHODS
                                                      Board Secretary and Joint Company Secretary
             Name                                     LI Lianqing
             Correspondence address                   19/F, CRSC Building A
                                                      1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road
                                                      Fengtai District, Beijing, China
             Telephone                                +86 010-50809286
             Fax                                      +86 010-50809075
             E-mail                                   ir@crsc.cn




6         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND
                                        KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



III. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
   Media and website designated by the Company for annual China Securities Journal (www.cs.com.cn),
       report disclosure                                            Shanghai Securities News (www.cnstock.com), Securities
                                                                    Times (www.stcn.com) and
                                                                    Securities Daily (www.zqrb.cn)
   The website of the stock exchange where the Company            www.sse.com.cn
       discloses its A share annual report
   Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for www.hkexnews.hk
       publishing the H share annual report of the Company
   Place of inspection of the annual report of the Company        Board Office of the Company


   LANGUAGE AND MEANS OF RECEIPT OF CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS

   The Company provides corporate communications to the shareholders based on their respective choice of language
   and means of receipt. The shareholders have the following options:


   •        to read the online version of all corporate communications published on the Company’s website by electronic
            means in the future instead of receiving the printed version and receive printed notice for the publication of the
            corporate communications published on the Company’s website;


   •        to receive printed English version of all corporate communications only in the future;


   •        to receive printed Chinese version of all corporate communications only in the future; or


   •        to receive both printed English and Chinese versions of all corporate communications in the future.


   The shareholders may choose and/or change their choice on the language of our corporate communications and/or the
   way to receive the corporate communications at any time. The shareholders may notify the Company of their options by
   the following ways:


   •        By mail: 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


   •        By email: crsc.ecom@computershare.com.hk


   For enquiry on the arrangement relating to the language and means of receipt of corporate communications, the
   shareholders may contact the hotline at +852 2862 8688 at any time.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       7
    SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
    FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



    IV. BASIC INFORMATION OF SHARES/DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS OF THE
        COMPANY
            i.      Basic information of shares of the Company

                    ✓   Applicable           Not applicable


                    Basic information of shares of the Company

                                      Place of listing                    Stock                                     Stock abbreviation
                    Class of share    and sector                          abbreviation                Stock code        before change


                    A share           SSE STAR Market                     CRSC                            688009                 None
                    H share           Hong Kong Stock Exchange            CRSC                              03969                None
                                        Main Board


            ii.     Basic information of depositary receipts of the Company

                        Applicable      ✓    Not applicable



    V.      OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
            Accounting firm engaged by the               Name                            BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public
            Company                                                                      Accountants LLP
                                                         Office address                  20/F, Tower A, China Overseas International
                                                                                         Centre, Building 7, 5 Anding Road, Chaoyang
                                                                                         District, Beijing, China
                                                         Name of signing accountants     GUO Jian, WANG Xiaoyan

            Note:   Pursuant to the amendments to the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and relevant requirements of the
                    Ministry of Finance and the CSRC, a company incorporated in China and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
                    permitted to adopt the PRC GAAP Standards to prepare its financial statements and to engage a Chinese accounting
                    firm recognized by the Ministry of Finance and the CSRC to provide relevant services according to the PRC auditing
                    standards since 15 December 2010. Therefore, the Company only appointed one accounting firm as its external major
                    auditor starting from the financial year of 2019 (no division of domestic and overseas).




8        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND
                                         KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



VI. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS IN THE PAST
    THREE YEARS
   i.   Key accounting data

                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                Change as
                                                                                                            compared with
                                                                                                         the corresponding
                                                                                                         period of last year
        Key accounting data                                                  2025                2024                   (%)                2023


        Revenue                                                 34,552,792,545.42    32,473,033,766.06                 6.40    37,002,229,438.89
        Total profit                                              4,908,185,866.07    4,730,781,456.12                 3.75     4,690,285,601.76
        Net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed
          company                                                 3,686,410,571.89    3,494,725,837.36                 5.48     3,477,326,647.54
        Net profit deducting non-recurring profit or loss
          attributable to shareholders of the listed company      3,420,779,222.23    3,268,375,928.61                 4.66     3,266,204,579.74
        Net cash flow generated from operating activities        -1,294,106,603.18    5,236,128,730.31              -124.71     2,058,033,862.99


                                                                                           Change as
                                                                                       compared with
                                                                       At the end           the end of           At the end           At the end
                                                                          of 2025        last year (%)              of 2024              of 2023


        Net assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
          company                                               49,843,067,278.35    48,025,007,375.97                 3.79    46,812,051,906.86
        Total assets                                            118,321,690,651.90 117,890,875,515.13                  0.37 118,990,487,731.74




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          9
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



         ii.     Key accounting data

                                                                                                       Change as
                                                                                                   compared with
                                                                                                the corresponding
                                                                                                period of last year
                 Key accounting data                                   2025             2024                   (%)        2023


                 Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                   0.34             0.32                 6.25         0.32
                 Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                 0.34             0.32                 6.25         0.32
                 Basic earnings per share after deduction of non-       0.32             0.30                 6.67         0.30
                   recurring profit or loss (RMB/share)
                 Weighted average rate of return on net assets (%)      7.53             7.34    Increased by 0.19         7.54
                                                                                                  percentage point
                 Weighted average rate of return on net assets after    6.99             6.86    Increased by 0.13         7.08
                   deduction of non-recurring profit or loss (%)                                  percentage point
                 R&D investment as a percentage of revenue (%)          6.49             6.28         Increased by         5.51
                                                                                                  0.21 percentage
                                                                                                              point


                 Key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company in the past three years as at the end of the
                 Reporting Period

                 ✓     Applicable               Not applicable


                 The net cash flows generated from operating activities decreased by 124.71% as compared with the
                 corresponding period of last year, which was mainly attributable to a significant decrease in the net increase
                 in customer deposits and deposits from banks and other financial institutions, as well as a decrease in cash
                 receipts from the sale of goods and the provision of services as compared with the corresponding period of last
                 year.




10    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND
                                              KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



VII. DIFFERENCES IN ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER DOMESTIC AND
     OVERSEAS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
   i.         Differences in net profit and net assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
              company in the financial reports disclosed under IAS and CAS

                    Applicable           ✓     Not applicable


   ii.        Differences in net profit and net assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
              company in the financial reports disclosed under overseas accounting standards
              and CAS

                    Applicable           ✓     Not applicable


   iii.       Explanation of differences in domestic and foreign accounting standards:

                    Applicable           ✓     Not applicable



VIII. MAIN QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA FOR 2025
                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                  The first quarter   The second quarter       The third quarter      The fourth quarter
                                             (January to March)            (April to June)   (July to September) (October to December)


   Revenue                                        6,700,423,651.41      7,964,267,807.31        7,082,947,288.33       12,805,153,798.37
   Net profit attributable to
        shareholders of the listed
        company                                     561,678,908.50      1,058,830,865.90         663,601,698.58          1,402,299,098.91
   Net profit deducting nonrecurring
        profit or loss attributable to
        shareholders of the listed
        company                                     556,904,183.25      1,001,607,657.02         644,701,770.93          1,217,565,611.03
   Net cash flow generated from
        operating activities                     -3,996,015,804.00       -409,420,503.68         654,999,826.88          2,456,329,877.62


   Explanation of differences between quarterly data and data disclosed in the periodic report


           Applicable          ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       11
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



     IX. NON-RECURRING PROFIT OR LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS
          ✓      Applicable             Not applicable


                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


         Non-recurring profit or loss items                                        Amount of 2025    Amount of 2024      Amount of 2023


         Profit and loss on disposal of non-current assets, including the
              portion offset from the provision for impairment of assets             79,370,923.60     42,198,751.70       21,116,503.45
         Government grants recognised in profit and loss for the current
              period, except for government grants closely related to the
              Company’s normal operating business, in compliance with national
              policies and in accordance with defined criteria, and having a
              continuous impact on the Company’s profit or loss                    217,994,020.95    219,165,283.24      223,894,550.70
         Reversal of impairment provision for receivables which are tested
              individually for impairment                                               20,965.31       4,626,471.42                   –
         Profit or loss on debt restructuring                                         2,176,982.45      2,347,193.67                   –
         Other non-operating income and expenses apart from the aforesaid
              items                                                                  85,087,654.98     41,308,656.73       24,845,786.43
         Other gain or loss items falling within the definition of extraordinary
              items                                                                              –                 –                   –
         Less: Effect of income tax                                                  96,608,415.77     45,499,788.83       43,864,184.99
                 Effect of minority interest (after tax)                             22,410,781.86     37,796,659.18       14,870,587.79


         Total                                                                     265,631,349.66    226,349,908.75      211,122,067.80


         For items not listed in the Explanatory Announcement No. 1 on Information Disclosure of Publicly Issued Securities
         Companies – Non-recurring Gains and Losses and classified by the Company as non-recurring gains and losses
         with significant amounts, as well non-recurring gains and losses listed in the Explanatory Announcement No. 1 on
         Information Disclosure of Publicly Issued Securities Companies – Non-recurring Gains and Losses defined as recurring
         gains and losses, reasons should be explained.


                 Applicable        ✓    Not applicable




12    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND
                                           KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



X.   COMPANIES WITH EQUITY INCENTIVES OR EMPLOYEE STOCK
     OWNERSHIP PLANS MAY CHOOSE TO DISCLOSE NET PROFIT
     AFTER DEDUCTING THE IMPACT OF SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
           Applicable       ✓    Not applicable



XI. FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF NON-ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS
     ✓     Applicable            Not applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Amount of                Amount of
                                                                                             current period               last period


     Accounting indicator: Net cash flow from operating activities                         -1,294,106,603.18         5,236,128,730.31
     Adjustment item: Net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits             -1,966,515,284.64         2,863,121,898.20
     Non-GAAP financial indicator: Net cash flow from operating activities excluding net
         increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits                                672,408,681.46          2,373,006,832.11


     Reasons for selecting this non-GAAP financial indicator

     The main reason for the Company to choose to exclude the net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits
     from net cash flow from operating activities is that the net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits reflects
     the changes in deposits taken by the Company’s holding subsidiary, CRSC Financial, from its controlling shareholder,
     CRSC, and its subsidiaries. Excluding the impact of this item can better reflect the net cash flow from operating
     activities generated by the Company’s core businesses, and help investors more accurately understand the Company’s
     cash inflow from operating activities.


     Explanation of changes in selected non-GAAP financial indicators or adjustment items compared to the previous year


           Applicable       ✓    Not applicable


     Reasons for the increase or decrease of this non-GAAP financial indicator in the current
     period

     In 2025, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities after excluding the net increase in customer deposits
     and interbank deposits was RMB672,408,681.46, a decrease of 71.66% over the same period of the previous year. The
     decrease was mainly due to a year-on-year decrease in cash received from sales of goods and provision of services
     during the period, coupled with an increase in cash payments for goods and services compared to the same period
     last year, as the Company actively fulfilled its responsibilities as a central enterprise by stepping up payments to small
     and medium-sized suppliers.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       13
     SECTION III BASIC CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY
     FINANCIAL INDICATORS (CONTINUED)



     XII. ITEMS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
          ✓      Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                             Amount of impact
         Name of Project                          Opening balance        Closing balance    Current change    on current profits


         Receivables for financing                     775,835,849.40     795,707,159.42     19,871,310.02                    –
         Other equity instrument investments          1,212,543,806.03   1,397,735,606.02   185,191,799.99                    –


         Total                                        1,988,379,655.43   2,193,442,765.44   205,063,110.01                    –



     XIII. EXPLANATION OF DISCLOSURE SUSPENSIONS AND WAIVERS DUE
           TO STATE SECRETS, TRADE SECRETS, ETC.
                 Applicable    ✓     Not applicable




14    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                             ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


I.   MAJOR BUSINESSES, OPERATION MODE AND INDUSTRY
     INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     I.   Major businesses, major products or services

          Since its establishment, the Company has undertaken the responsibility of developing national industries and
          technologies. It has long focused on the research and exploration of rail transit control system technologies
          and their derivative applications. As a core enterprise ensuring the safe operation of national rail transit, the
          Company continuously provides high-quality, integrated services across the entire industrial chain of rail
          transit control systems to global customers. The Company attaches great importance to the accumulation of
          technology and continuous innovation, and takes innovation as the eternal theme and the first driving force for
          the sustainable development of CRSC. In active response to the frontier of world science and technology, the
          Company accelerates scientific and technological innovation and transformation of achievements, leads the
          technological development of the industry, and strives to maintain the leading position in the industry. While
          providing safe and efficient core technical support for the operation of national rail transportation, the Company
          continues to utilise profound technological accumulation to expand new market, and support the national
          modernisation and digital development construction.


          The core businesses of the Company’s rail transportation cover: 1) Design and integration, mainly includes
          provision of system integration services for related products of rail transportation control system and provision
          of design and consultancy services mainly for construction of rail transportation projects; 2) Equipment
          manufacturing, mainly includes producing and selling signal system, communication information system
          products and other related products; 3) System implementation, mainly includes construction, equipment
          installation and maintenance services for rail transportation control system projects.


          During the Reporting Period, adhering to the development philosophy of “people-oriented, safety first, and
          excellence for long-term success”, and anchored to the strategic positioning of “a global leader in intelligent
          control industries”, the Company deepened its presence in the two industrial sectors of “rail transit + low-
          altitude economy”, deployed four intelligent system businesses in areas such as smart rail transit, smart
          low-altitude economy, smart cities, and intelligent operations, developed the intelligent terminal equipment
          industry, and forged five pillars including “Technological CRSC, Lean CRSC, Safe CRSC, Value CRSC, and
          Dynamic CRSC” to build a “major national asset” in the field of intelligent control and become a world-class
          intelligent control enterprise. The Company continued to optimise and upgrade the rail transit control system
          industry, accelerating the digital and intelligent upgrade of the signal industry and promoting the systematic
          development of product portfolios. It further consolidated its integrated advantages in the rail transit “three-
          in-one” full industrial chain. Meanwhile, it actively expanded into strategic emerging industries, accelerating
          its entry into the new track of low-altitude economy. In terms of technological R&D, the Company collaborated
          with academician teams to build a “1+4” joint innovation system, with “low-altitude airspace control” as the
          core and four areas of “low-altitude communication, perception countermeasures, digital infrastructure, and
          drones” working in synergy. This led to three technological breakthroughs: the Intelligent Low-Altitude Airspace
          Control System (ID-Space), the “One Tower, One City” low-altitude communication private network, and the
          perception and countermeasure system. In terms of application scenarios, the Company actively expanded
          into typical use cases such as rail transit inspection, high-altitude agricultural logistics, inter-island logistics in
          Zhoushan, and the “air-rail intermodal” service between Zhanjiang and Haikou. It also pioneered the “village
          supermarket + low altitude” new business model in Rongjiang, Guizhou, while continuously extending its reach




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          15
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                 to emergency rescue, urban governance, and low-altitude cultural tourism scenarios. In terms of innovation
                 platform development, the Company was recognized as the “Beijing Key Laboratory of Intelligent Low-Altitude
                 Airspace Control” and entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Hunan University. It also recruited
                 Academician Wang Yaonan as a station expert and officially established the Low-Altitude Transportation Branch
                 under the China Association of Metros.


                 During the Reporting Period, the Company’s core business remained to be rail transit control systems and its
                 derivative business, with no significant changes in the business composition.


                 Newly added significant non-core business operations


                     Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


         ii.     Main business model

                 The Company has focused on the field of rail transportation control system in China, and has a deep
                 understanding of China’s railway and urban rail transit policy, operating model, market environment and
                 other market elements. The business model adopted is fully adapted to the market environment, which is
                 stable and efficient. The Company fully utilises its first-mover technological advantages in intelligent control
                 and resource synergy capabilities, extending intelligent control technologies into the low-altitude economy
                 sector. It continuously optimises technological innovation and system solutions in the low-altitude field and
                 has innovatively proposed the “rail + low-altitude” integrated development model, where two pathways work
                 together and develop synergistically.


                 The Company mainly acquires orders through public bidding, while the procurement of production raw materials
                 primarily follows a centralised procurement model. In the rail transit sector, the Company relies on efficient and
                 well-proven business models in design integration, equipment manufacturing, and system delivery to provide
                 customers with comprehensive or customised professional services in rail transit control systems. In the low-
                 altitude economy sector, the Company has been offering customers product research and development and
                 applications for low-altitude airspace control systems, manufacturing and sales of drone-related equipment,
                 and scenario operation services in industrial inspection, low-altitude logistics, and manned transportation.
                 In the field of smart cities, the Company provides clients with system products and services related to urban
                 governance. In the field of intelligent operations, it focuses on businesses such as smart railway stations and
                 yards, smart logistics parks, and smart mining operations, offering clients products and services in these areas.


                1.      Sales model

                        The Company is active in the purchasing by invitation to bid of domestic users as well as in the
                        purchasing activities of foreign users. The market operations division of the Company, as the centralised
                        management department of marketing and sales, is responsible for formulating and perfecting systems
                        and formulating marketing management regulations, and supervising and inspecting the marketing and
                        sales activities at all levels of the Company. Giving full play to its core technology and brand influence
                        in the industry and adhering to the philosophy of providing safe and highly reliable products and high-
                        efficiency services oriented at customer needs, the Company obtains orders for products and services
                        through market-oriented methods such as bidding and business negotiations.




16    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



2.   Production and service mode

     In order to comply with the overall operation mode of railway and urban transit system in the PRC, the
     Company has established a mature and stable production and service model for design and integration,
     equipment manufacturing and system implementation etc. Relying on its strong technical strength,
     it can provide customised production and services according to the specific needs of domestic and
     foreign owners. The Company provides relevant products and services in strict accordance with the
     contract requirements on schedule and quality. The engineering technical division of the Company,
     as the centralised production and service management department for design and integration and
     system implementation, and the science and technology innovation and information department, as
     the centralised production and service management department for equipment manufacturing, are
     responsible for formulating relevant production and service management systems and for supervising
     and inspecting production and service activities at all levels of the Company, respectively.


3.   Procurement model

     All procurement activities of the Company were conducted in strict compliance with relevant national
     laws and regulations and the Administrative Measures for the Procurement in China Railway Signal &
     Communication Corporation Limited. The Company selected procurement methods including public
     tender, tender invitation and competitive negotiation according to the specific conditions to ensure
     procurement efficiency. The Company mainly implements a centralised procurement system, under
     which the Company’s market operation division acts as the centralised management department
     for procurement activities and is responsible for formulating and revising the relevant system of
     procurement management, monitoring and reviewing the procurement activities at various levels of the
     Company. The centralised procurement system is carried out at two levels, including two modes, namely
     the centralised procurement by the Company’s headquarters and the centralised procurement by
     subordinate secondary enterprises. Secondary enterprises also have a sound procurement management
     system, under which the procurement activities of subordinate enterprises are independently and
     centrally managed by the specialised procurement department.


4.   Management model

     The Company implements a market operation and management system with the headquarters of the joint-
     stock company taking the lead, secondary enterprises responsible for operation and tertiary enterprises
     responsible for implementation, to build a coherent, coordinated, scientific and efficient internal
     organisation system. By improving the management structure system of “headquarters – secondary
     enterprises – tertiary enterprises” and realizing the coordination of “strategy leading and control center –
     business operation and profit center – execution center and cost center,” the headquarters highlight the
     six orientations of strategic decision-making, resource allocation, safety and quality supervision, science
     and technology innovation coordination, industrial incubation and risk management and control, and give
     play to strategic control, integration of scientific and technological resources, new industry incubation,
     etc., to build a stronger headquarters featuring “strategic + operational control.” Positioned at the seven
     orientations of strategy execution, market development, business operation, income and profit, science
     and technology innovation, safety and quality management, and talent cultivation, secondary enterprises
     give play to the main role of operation, innovation and industry to achieve common enhancement of
     business and economic efficiency. Positioned at business execution and cost control, tertiary enterprises
     provide support for business, level up fine management, and increase efficiency and effectiveness, to
     create a more optimal input-output ratio.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         17
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



         iii.    Industry overview

                1.      Industrial development stage, basic characteristics and main technical
                        thresholds

                        Seen from the perspective of global rail transit industry, according to Oxford Economics’ forecast
                        on investment in infrastructure construction for all regions of the world, total investment amount in
                        railroad around the globe is expected to grow from USD382 billion in 2020 to USD565 billion in 2040,
                        at a compound annual growth rate of 1.88%. In terms of cumulative investment amount, cumulative
                        investment in railroad infrastructure is expected to reach USD5,137 billion during the 21 years from
                        2020 to 2040 around the globe, excluding China. In addition to China, Europe is still the top destination
                        of future investment in railroad infrastructure. From 2020 to 2040, cumulative investment in railroad in
                        Europe will reach USD2,385 billion, with Asia (excluding China) ranking the second with an estimated
                        investment of USD1,602 billion, followed by the Americas with an estimated investment of USD823
                        billion, Australia with an estimated investment of USD169 billion and Africa with an estimated investment
                        of USD158 billion. Railroad infrastructure construction will maintain a relatively high growth momentum
                        around the globe. According to SCI Verkehr data projections, by 2026, the annual capacity of the
                        global rail transit market will grow to approximately EUR236,000 million (equivalent to RMB1,960,000
                        million), with a compound annual growth rate of 4.3%. From a regional growth potential perspective,
                        South and Central America, Africa and the Middle East, and the CIS regions stand out, with expected
                        annual growth rates of 8.2%, 6.4%, and 5.9% respectively, emerging as new growth poles for global
                        rail transit construction. Asia (3.2%) and Europe (4.2%) maintain steady development momentum,
                        continuing to contribute incremental scale with their mature market foundations. In terms of global urban
                        rail transit, according to statistics from the China Association of Metros, as of the end 2024, urban rail
                        transit systems have been launched in 562 cities across 79 countries and regions worldwide, with a total
                        operating mileage of 44,730.14 kilometers, indicating a positive industry development trend. In terms
                        of regional distribution of newly added mileage, subway and tram systems were primarily concentrated
                        in Asia, while light rail expansions were predominantly in North America. The gap in tram operational
                        mileage between Asia and Europe is rapidly narrowing, with Asia demonstrating remarkable growth in
                        tram network construction.


                        Domestically, the railway sector saw three consecutive years of growth in fixed-asset investment from
                        2023 to 2025, with year-on-year increases of 5.01%, 13.95%, and 5.98% respectively. By the end of
                        2025, the total fixed-asset investment in China’s railway infrastructure reached RMB901,500 million.
                        Railway fixed-asset investment is expected to maintain substantial scale and intensity. As of the end of
                        2025, China’s total railway operational mileage reached 165,000 kilometers, including 50,000 kilometers
                        of high-speed rail, reflecting continuous expansion in network coverage. Based on projected railway
                        commissioning timelines, the annual average of newly constructed high-speed rail during the “15th Five-
                        Year Plan” period is expected to exceed 2,000 kilometers, maintaining an overall high level. In 2025,
                        China’s railway passenger traffic reached 4.601 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.7%.
                        Total railway freight volume nationwide amounted to 5.277 billion tons, up 2.0% year-on-year. The rapid
                        growth in passenger volume and steady development of freight operations have sustained the railway
                        system’s busy operations, which is expected to positively drive new and replacement demand for
                        communication and signaling systems. With the continuous growth of China’s railway operating mileage,
                        investments in railway renovation and operation and maintenance have shown an increasing trend.




18    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



More than 10,000 kilometers of high-speed railroads opened to traffic in early stages of the “11th Five-
Year Plan” and “12th Five-Year Plan” have entered the stage of overhaul and renovation. For general
speed railroads, as the new mileage increases gradually, focus will be on the electrification, upgrading,
capacity expansion and renovation of existing lines. Reconstruction and expansion of other railway
projects is also underway. Therefore, the domestic railway industry is in a development stage that
focuses equally on both new construction and upgrading and renovation.


Seen from the perspective of the domestic urban rail transit industry, as of the end of 2025, 58 cities
in China had opened 382 urban rail transit lines with a total operational mileage of 13,000 kilometers.
Among these, Shanghai and Beijing are projected to each establish urban rail transit networks exceeding
1,000 kilometers. In 2025, 911 kilometers of urban rail lines were put into operation nationwide, with
the new urban rail market expected to maintain a moderated growth trend. The demand for medium-
and small-capacity urban rail systems, such as suburban rapid transit, cross-sitting monorails, and
automated guided rail transit, will gradually be released. As of the end of 2025, approximately 1,400
kilometers of urban rail lines had been in operation for over 15 years, while more than 2,000 kilometers
had been operational for 10 to 15 years. The renovation and upgrading of early metro lines will also
be accelerated. It is expected that China’s urban rail transit industry will remain in a period of stable
development.


The rail transportation control system industry features high access barrier in terms of the core
technology and there are extremely high requirements for the safety, reliability, stability and sustainability
of the products and services provided by enterprises, which requires relevant suppliers to have strong
technology R&D capabilities, sophisticated industry technology capabilities, full-fledged product
development and testing and verification capabilities and possess strong anti-risk ability and ability to
rapidly respond to demand to consistently provide reliable and high-quality products and services in
the long run. It also has significant cyclical characteristic in the industry, which is determined by the
nature of rail transit construction and maintenance itself and the iterations of the core components of the
related product systems. According to the requirements of relevant technical specifications and industry
practices, the life cycle of high-speed rail transportation control system is generally about 10 to 15 years,
while certain outdoor equipment systems are subject to shorter update cycles due to environmental
factors.


The low-altitude economy has been included in the government work report for two consecutive years.
In 2025, it was proposed to promote the safe and healthy development of emerging industries such as
commercial space and the low-altitude economy. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance, and the Civil Aviation Administration
of China issued the General Aviation Equipment Innovation and Application Implementation Plan
(2024–2030), which aims to promote the formation of a trillion-level market for the low-altitude economy
by 2030. Currently, the low-altitude economy is in a stage of development from point to area, facing
practical challenges such as cross-regional connectivity, interconnection among multiple supply entities,
and regional integration of flight operations. The Company, with its deep technical accumulation and
resource integration capabilities, is fostering the development of the low-altitude economy. This is
not only a necessary requirement for fulfilling the responsibilities and mission of a central enterprise
and serving the country’s major strategies, but also an objective need to align with the new round of
technological revolution and industrial transformation. More importantly, it is a practical choice for its




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         19
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        own high-quality development. In response to the industry pain point of “if you cannot control it, you
                        cannot fly,” the Company has formed a joint innovation team consisting of industry, academia, research,
                        and application, and innovatively launched a low-altitude airspace intelligent control system. Based on
                        speed differential stratification and group flight control technologies, the system provides customers with
                        safe, flexible, efficient, and intelligent low-altitude airspace control products and services.


                2.      Analysis of relevant industrial status and changes thereof

                        Although the market landscape is constantly changing and competition is becoming increasingly fierce,
                        the Company, as a world-class provider of rail transit control system solutions, continues to maintain its
                        leading position in the industry. As of the end of 2025, the cumulative contracted mileage covered by
                        the Company’s core products and services of high-speed railway control system continued to rank the
                        first in the world. The Company’s market share continued to occupy the leading position in the industry
                        in terms of the domestic high-speed railway control system integration projects as well as the core
                        equipment of track circuit, centralised traffic control system, computer interlocking, CTCS-3 on-board
                        ATP system, RBC, train control center and other products. In the field of domestic urban transit, the
                        Company’s core products of urban transit control system have covered more than 190 routes in over 40
                        cities of the PRC which have been in operation and completed the bidding of control system, continuing
                        to be in the leading position of the industry. By accelerating its overseas business layout, continuing to
                        strengthen investment in overseas market resources and making full use of the high-quality opening and
                        advancement of overseas projects such as the Hungary-Serbia High-Speed Railway and the Jakarta-
                        Bandung High-Speed Railway, the Company has won a good reputation, so as to strongly enhance its
                        brand power and influence in the global rail transit market, and is gradually becoming an important
                        player in the field of international rail transportation control systems.


                        The Company is actively planning for strategic emerging industries and fostering its entry into the low-
                        altitude economy sector. Leveraging its core technological expertise in rail transit control systems,
                        the Company has gradually established competitive advantages in the low-altitude economy domain.
                        Its self-developed intelligent low-altitude airspace control system has been deployed across multiple
                        municipal platforms, while its perception and countermeasure systems are widely utilised in railway
                        networks, airports, and key urban areas. Concurrently, the Company is actively exploring applications in
                        low-altitude inspection, urban governance, logistics transportation, and emergency response scenarios,
                        continuously enhancing its industry influence and brand recognition.


                        The Company will continue to grasp the favorable trends and opportunities in the development of the
                        industry in the future, insist on the technology-led, innovation-driven, digitally empowered and capital-
                        assisted principle to forge a “major national asset” in the field of intelligent control, develop into an
                        “innovative, technology-based, digitally intelligent and international” enterprise featuring more advanced
                        technology innovation, more reliable and safe system, more rational industry layout, more optimised
                        business structure, more advanced management, better quality and efficiency, and more trustworthy
                        brand image.




20    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



3.   Development of new technology, new industry, new business type and new
     mode during the Reporting Period and future development trend

     In the intelligent rail transit sector, China’s rail transit communication and signaling systems are entering
     a new phase of high-quality development. At the policy level, the Chinese government has outlined
     the objective of establishing a modern integrated transportation system through documents such as
     the “Program of Building National Strength in Transportation”, promoting the intelligent, green, and
     international development of rail transit. The “dual carbon” goals have accelerated the electrification
     of railways and the adoption of multimodal transport, driving technological upgrades in communication
     and signaling systems, while the new infrastructure policy facilitates their digital and intelligent
     transformation. China’s rail transit sector is witnessing parallel development of high-speed rail and urban
     rail, with equal emphasis on existing infrastructure and new capacity expansion. The high-speed rail
     network leads globally in scale, with the CR450 project and high-speed maglev technology continuously
     pushing speed limits. Urban rail transit focuses on intelligent maintenance and the “four-network
     integration”, while intelligent upgrades of existing systems and the development of new formats proceed
     simultaneously. The industry still faces numerous challenges, including enhancing the efficiency of high-
     speed rail networks, optimising capacity for heavy-haul and conventional-speed railways, ensuring
     equipment reliability in extreme environments, as well as addressing cybersecurity and interoperability
     across multiple formats. Meanwhile, the large-scale deployment of 5G-R, AI-powered scheduling
     optimisation through large models, and lightweight technologies are presenting significant opportunities
     for system upgrades. Future competition will shift from standalone products to ecosystem capabilities.
     Enterprises must integrate full lifecycle service competencies encompassing “hardware + software +
     services”, building systematic solutions that cover regional collaborative dispatching and multimodal
     transport platforms, driving high-quality industry development through innovative models and ecosystem
     aggregation.


     In the intelligent low-altitude sector, an end-to-end smart system encompassing “infrastructure –
     UAVs – safety” is gradually taking shape, providing core technological safeguards for high-safety,
     high-efficiency airspace management and multi-scenario scaled operations. Low-altitude airspace
     management systems are demonstrating intelligent and collaborative development trends, with various
     informatisation technologies like AI and big data being widely applied to specialised areas such as
     air traffic flow management and conflict detection/resolution. Heterogeneous UAV swarm autonomous
     operations and manned/unmanned aerial vehicle cooperative combat technologies are advancing
     rapidly, accelerating progress in low-altitude control technologies. Low-altitude communication systems
     are intensifying R&D in 6G and other technologies to construct communication networks meeting
     requirements for “high uplink, low latency, and integrated 3D networking.” The UAV perception and
     countermeasure system will evolve towards “omnidirectional perception, intelligent coordination,
     and precise control”, exhibiting development trends of all-domain detection range, precision
     countermeasures, and instantaneous system response. The low-altitude micro-meteorological service
     system will achieve high spatial resolution and seamless meteorological services with short-cycle rolling
     updates across “monitoring, nowcasting, short-range, and medium-range” phases, while possessing
     precise support capabilities for different types of airspace, routes, and aircraft. The low-altitude
     operation service system leverages digital twin and edge computing technologies to build an operational
     foundation combining high-precision simulation with real-time control. It employs generative AI and
     reinforcement learning to achieve millisecond-level response and optimised resource allocation, driving
     end-to-end lean operations and scaled development.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         21
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        In the smart city sector, guided by national strategies such as the “Action Plan for Promoting Full-Domain
                        Digital Transformation in Smart Cities”, the field of citywide perception is entering an accelerated period
                        of technological breakthroughs and industrial transformation. This manifests in continuous emergence
                        of new technologies, rapid formation of new industries, constant appearance of new business formats,
                        and innovative breakthroughs in new models. Technologically, perception systems are evolving towards
                        integrated “air-space-ground-sea” capabilities. The integrated application of technologies such as
                        ubiquitous IoT sensing, high-resolution satellite remote sensing, drone aerial surveying, and edge
                        computing has become increasingly mature. Among these, the fusion technology of surveillance video
                        and geographic information serves as a critical breakthrough in bridging the “isolated islands” of video
                        data with the “base map” of geography. By establishing high-precision bidirectional mapping between
                        video pixel coordinates and geographic coordinates, combined with digital elevation models and deep
                        learning algorithms, it has achieved a leap from “visibility” to “comprehension and precise positioning”,
                        providing core technical support for the spatial integration of multi-source sensing data.


                        In the field of intelligent operations, driven by socio-economic development, various sectors require
                        continuous enhancement of operational technologies and capabilities to achieve goals such as
                        improved efficiency, reduced costs, and strengthened safety. In the railway freight market, there is a
                        demand for faster, safer, and more efficient freight operations. As critical nodes in railway transportation,
                        railway yards’ advancement in intelligent and unmanned development is of significant importance for
                        enhancing railway transport efficiency, optimising resource allocation, strengthening safety assurance,
                        and reducing operational costs. This progress is pivotal in driving the high-quality development of the
                        railway transportation industry. In the field of smart logistics, policies have been introduced to promote
                        logistics development and achieve cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. There is a growing
                        demand for advancing the digital transformation of traditional logistics infrastructure and accelerating
                        the development of new facilities such as smart highways, smart ports, smart logistics hubs, and smart
                        logistics parks. In coal mining operations, the State mandates that all types of coal mines should achieve
                        basic intelligentisation by 2035, establishing a coal mine intelligent system that integrates multiple
                        industrial chains and systems, and building an intelligent coal mine system capable of intelligent
                        perception, decision-making, and automated execution. In port and shipping operations, the State has
                        clearly outlined the need to build a modern port and waterway system, with increasing requirements for
                        intelligent and smart port and shipping operations. Relevant policy directions have been established,
                        focusing on clear policy guidance, core content, extensive technological applications, and emphasis on
                        security safeguards.




22    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                       ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



II.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS
      In 2025, adhering to the “1241” development strategy, the Company fully drove industrial transformation and upgrading,
      further concentrated on its main responsibilities, core business, and key sectors, expanding new drivers for economic
      development and striving to avert significant operational risks. In 2025, the total amount of new contracts signed by the
      Company was RMB44.140 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.84%. Specifically: in the railway sector,
      RMB25.713 billion, an increase of 0.3% year on year; in the urban rail transit sector, RMB10.503 billion, an increase
      of 4.97% year on year; in the overseas sector, RMB3.912 billion, a decrease of 33.9% year on year; in the low-altitude
      economy sector, RMB0.165 billion; and in the engineering, procurement and construction and other sectors, RMB3.847
      billion, a decrease of 54.74% year on year. By the end of 2025, the Company had a total order backlog of RMB115.86
      billion.


      In the railway market, the Company pursued both optimisation of existing operations and breakthroughs in new growth
      areas, achieving steady progress in the value of newly signed contracts. The Company successively secured over
      ten key high-speed rail weak current system integration projects, including the Zhuhai-Zhaoqing, Shenzhen-Shantou,
      Shijiazhuang-Xiong’an, Hefei-Zhanjiang, Tongzhou-Suzhou-Jiaxing-Ningbo, and Guangzhou-Xintang Lines 5 & 6,
      maintaining its leading position. It also undertook several key projects such as the Sanshangliang special railway
      lines, the interlocking, train control and communication system overhaul works of the Shijiazhuang-Taiyuan Passenger
      Dedicated Line, the capacity expansion renovation of Bai’a Railway, the safety standard demonstration line construction
      on the Wuhan-Guangzhou section of the Beijing-Guangzhou High-speed Railway, the capacity expansion renovation of
      Hami East Station, the customer service system of the Shiheng-Canggang Railway (Hengshui-Huanghua Port section),
      and the customer service system of the Northeast Ring Line for Beijing Suburban Railway, achieving diversified
      breakthroughs.


      In the urban rail transit market, amid continued slowdown in construction investment, the Company strengthened
      operational accountability at all levels and stimulated internal momentum, achieving counter-trend growth in the value
      of newly signed contracts. It successively secured over 10 urban rail transit signaling system integration projects
      including Nanjing Line 1 renovation, Chengdu S5 Meishan Line, Shanghai Line 1 renovation, Xiamen Line 9, Beijing-
      Xiong’an Express Line, Shanghai Line 19 and Shanghai Line 23, further expanding its leading edge. It also undertook
      specialised engineering works in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Changchun, consolidating its fundamental market
      share in urban rail transit. The volume of renovation projects contracted more than doubled, enabling the Company to
      further seize the market opportunities.


      In overseas markets, the Company optimised its market network layout and enhanced development quality by securing
      major projects such as Dubai Blue Line, Algiers Metro Line 1, Mexico City STE Light Rail, Perth HCS renovation in
      Australia and Riyadh KAFD Monorail in Saudi Arabia, maintaining a sound momentum of steady growth.


      In the EPC and other markets, the Company steadily advanced the work related to exiting municipal and building
      construction businesses while focusing on business structure optimisation. At the same time, it focused on optimising
      its business structure, vigorously promoted the expansion of intelligent control technologies, and facilitated the
      transformation and upgrading of its subsidiary companies towards sectors such as rail transit, closely related
      industries, intelligent low-altitude applications, smart cities, and smart operations. As a result, the quality of the
      contracts undertaken was improved.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         23
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



         The Group actively explored the domestic low-altitude economy market and continuously improved its core product
         portfolio and business scenarios. During the Reporting Period, the low-altitude airspace management and control
         system completed deployment at municipal platforms in Qingdao, Shijiazhuang and Xiong’an New Area. The perception
         and countermeasure systems were successively deployed along Beijing-Shanghai and Qinghai-Tibet Railways, in key
         cities including Xiong’an New Area, Qingdao, Dali and Wushan, as well as critical areas such as Guangzhou Baiyun
         Airport and Fuzhou Zhuqi Airport. In the expansion of typical low-altitude economy scenarios, significant progress
         has been made in low-altitude inspection services. During the Reporting Period, the Company secured 10 projects,
         including urban rail transit network inspections in Chongqing and Hefei, the Hengxi Expressway inspection, and drone
         inspection services for smart salt fields in Qinghai. In urban governance, the Company’s government “one network
         unified flight” system has been deployed in over 50 locations in Nanjing, Qingdao, Shanghai, and Rongjiang. For low-
         altitude logistics and passenger transport, the Company achieved commercial aerial transport operations for tsao-ko
         in Nujiang Prefecture, partnered with China Post to launch an “inter-island logistics” demonstration in Zhoushan, and
         collaborated with CITIC Group to establish a cross-sea “air-rail intermodal” route from Zhanxi Station to Haikou Station,
         accumulating initial experience in passenger operations. In low-altitude cultural tourism, the Company developed the
         low-altitude sightseeing project at the Dongying Yellow River Estuary Ecotourism Area and won the bid for the Huaihua
         Low-altitude Cultural Tourism Reception Hall project in Hunan Province, marking a breakthrough in low-altitude cultural
         tourism scenarios.


         In 2026, the Company will focus on building a new development framework of “12415,” with technological innovation
         as the strategic pillar, to continuously drive industrial restructuring and upgrading. In the rail transit business, the
         new construction market is expected to decline further, while the renovation market will become the primary growth
         driver. The Company will leverage its full lifecycle operational advantages in new construction, maintenance, and
         renovation projects to stabilise the new construction market and seize opportunities in the renovation market. In
         overseas operations, the Company will closely follow the national “Belt and Road” strategy, further optimise its overseas
         market network, target high-potential regions with precision, enhance localised operations, and strengthen its market
         competitiveness. In the EPC and other sectors, the Company will continue its orderly exit from municipal and building
         construction businesses, focusing instead on smart low-altitude, smart cities, and intelligent operations to cultivate new
         growth drivers.


         Analysis and outlook on changes in financial indicators of non-enterprise accounting
         standards

          ✓   Applicable          Not applicable


         In 2025, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities after excluding the net increase in customer deposits
         and interbank deposits was RMB672,408,681.46, representing a decrease of 71.66% over the same period of the
         previous year. The decline was mainly due to the decrease in cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
         services during the period, coupled with the Company’s proactive fulfillment of its responsibilities as a central state-
         owned enterprise by increasing payments to small and medium-sized suppliers, which led to an increase in cash paid
         for goods purchased and services received compared with the same period of the previous year.




24    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



     Looking ahead, the Company will continue to monitor local governments’ debt resolution progress, intensify efforts in
     accounts receivable collection, and remain focused on its main responsibilities and core businesses. It will increase
     investments in strategic emerging industries to drive continuous improvement in business structure, comprehensively
     enhance operational capabilities, elevate value creation levels, secure more profitable revenue and profit with cash
     flow, and steadily strengthen its ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, thereby creating sustained
     value for investors.


III. A N A L Y S I S O F T H E C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
     REPORTING PERIOD
     i.     Core competitiveness analysis

             ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


            1.      Leading market position

                    As the main force of China’s rail transit construction, the Company provides products and services
                    for the rail transit construction of CNRG, 18 Railway Administrations, more than 50 cities and many
                    factories and mining enterprises. The Company enjoys a good reputation all over the country and is the
                    most trusted expert of rail transit control system. The Company provides core train control technology
                    and equipment for the majority of high-speed railways that have been opened and are operational in
                    China. It holds approximately 40% of the domestic market share for urban rail transit control systems.
                    The Company’s full industrial chain services, including design, integration, products, and construction
                    of urban rail transit control systems, cover more than 80% of the operational and under-construction
                    lines across the country. It is a leading provider of urban rail transit control system solutions in China.
                    The exceptionally high market share has also laid a solid foundation for the Company’s future efforts to
                    update, transform and operate and maintain the market.


            2.      Outstanding comprehensive technological innovation strength and core
                    technology reserves

                    The Company has adhered to independent innovation with over 6,000 registered patents and realised
                    the absolute independent ownership of intellectual property rights and 100% domestic production of
                    products for the core technologies of train operation control, thus helping its new rail transportation
                    control technologies regarding all rail transit sectors such as high-speed railways, normal-speed
                    railways, local railways, heavy haul railways, urban rail, urban (suburban), maglev and special tourist
                    lines, automatic unmanned train operation technology, satellite-based mobile block signalling train
                    control system, coordinated transportation and management for regional freight, train traffic control
                    automation technology, safe computer platform technology, fully electronic computer interlocking
                    control technology, train control integration technology, intelligent detection, operation and maintenance
                    technology of rail transportation, rail transportation simulation test technology, turnout switch technology
                    and railway video analysis technology hold a leading position among peers. Relying on the world-leading
                    comprehensive research and development strength, the Company has developed core technologies
                    of rail transportation control system with independent intellectual property rights and its products and
                    services have been widely used in fields including railway and urban rail transit, which has established
                    the Company’s leading position in the industry.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         25
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        As the entity responsible for general affairs of each of the Communication and Signalling Technical Sub-
                        committee under the National Railway Transportation Electrical Equipment and System Standardisation
                        Technical Committee (in relation to national standards) and the Communication and Signalling Technical
                        Sub-committee under the Railway Industry Electrical Equipment and System Standardisation Committee
                        (in relation to industry standards, being the original entity responsible for the management of equipment
                        standards, technical standards and product standards in relation to rail transportation control system in
                        China), the Company has promoted the establishment of the national technical standards system and
                        railway industry technical standards system for the rail transit communication and signalling in China,
                        and has led the establishment of the most important, advanced and fundamental technical standards
                        for railway and urban transit control systems in the PRC, such as CTCS and CBTC. The Company has
                        extremely rich experience in the construction and operation of high-speed railway control systems,
                        complex railway hub revamping experience, existing line upgrading and revamping experience,
                        customisation experience to meet transportation needs in different regions, and construction and
                        maintenance experience for all forms of urban rail transit including urban rail, subway, maglev and tram.
                        In addition, the Company also has advanced research and development (“R&D”), experiment and test
                        institutions. The completeness and scale of its laboratory facilities are in a leading position in the world.


                        The Company has built a high-level innovation platform and technical support capabilities, vigorously
                        promoted innovation platform and demonstration construction, gathered innovation elements,
                        optimised the allocation of innovation resources, and formed a leading sci-tech innovation platform
                        and demonstration pattern, including 4 postdoctoral workstations, 3 academician workstations, 16
                        national and industry innovation platforms, 25 national innovation demonstrations, and 38 provincial
                        and ministerial innovation platforms providing strong platform support for the realisation of high-quality
                        innovation and development of enterprises.


                3.      Extensive engineering project management experience

                        Over the years, the Company has served the construction of national railway and urban rail transit,
                        implemented the strategy on the building of national strength in transportation and regional coordinated
                        development strategy, successively participated in the construction of major domestic high-speed
                        railway projects, and deeply participated in the speed increase of national railway for six times. It has
                        experience in many projects involving long mileage, high altitude, alpine region and heavy-haul trains
                        with capacity of over 10,000 tons. Many projects have been ranked “first” in China and even the world,
                        and the standardised management of engineering services has become the industry benchmark, which
                        has improved the weak current process standard and image of China’s rail transit, and established and
                        maintained the Company’s leading position in the industry. Leveraging the Company’s full industrial
                        chain advantages in the rail transit control sector, innovative breakthroughs have been made in the
                        factory-based pre-configuration of communication signal equipment. The first typical case in this field
                        has been created nationwide, achieving a comprehensive innovation in factory-based production that
                        integrates elements such as engineering design, process organisation, key technologies, new materials,
                        and integrated management. The level of engineering construction in the rail transit control sector has
                        continued to improve.




26    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



4.   One-stop service capabilities for the entire industrial chain

     The Company professionally provides integrated services covering investment and financing, design
     and integration, equipment manufacturing, system implementation, supporting project construction
     and repair and maintenance for rail transportation control system. As a company with the most
     comprehensive technology mix and the most system products in the domestic industry, it has over
     ten modern production bases all over the country, creating a complete industrial chain in the field
     of rail transit control. It is the only company in the world that can provide one-stop services for the
     entire industrial chain from investment and financing to R&D and design, equipment manufacturing,
     engineering services and operation and maintenance. The one-stop services can effectively reduce the
     construction, operation and management costs of customers and the system compatibility related risk
     in complex lines, and minimise the impact of renovation projects on normal operations. While adapting
     to common requirements, it can also provide customers with a flexible combination of different products
     and services based on the actual needs of customers; with the Company’s internal efficient and accurate
     information-based management, such one-stop services can help to effectively reduce marketing cost,
     and lay a good foundation for tracking and carrying out maintenance, repair and upgrading business.


5.   Highly reliable and safe core services and products

     The Company establishes classified enterprise standards according to relevant international, national
     and industrial standards, implements strict and prudent quality and safety control measures, so as to
     ensure the high reliability and safety of rail transportation control system solutions and core products,
     and provide support for the safe and efficient operation of national rail transportation. The Company
     focuses on its main responsibilities and businesses, deeply analyses the business development
     model, establishes system management thinking, deepens system integration, improves operational
     efficiency and builds a whole industrial chain safety and quality control system. The Company’s quality
     management follows the requirements of ISO9001: 2015 Standard, establishes quality control rules and
     system process, with quality management systems to maintain continuous improvement and meet the
     requirements of standards. All subordinate enterprises of the Company which engage in the fields of
     R&D and design, system integration and industrial manufacturing have passed the ISO/TS22163: 2017
     (the upgraded standard of International Railway Industry Standard (IRIS)) certification; all subordinate
     enterprises of the Company engaged in the field of R&D and design have passed the maturity assessment
     and certification of CMMI software. The Company’s rail transportation control system products meet the
     European EN50126 standard for railway product safety, and the Company strengthens the supervision
     of product safety and security, and effectively strengthens the control of new product development
     process and existing product change process and meets the generally accepted international quality
     requirements regarding safety, reliability, availability and maintenance.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        27
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                6.      Stimulating innovation and vitality and promoting development through
                        scientific research

                        The Company implements the innovation-driven development strategy and accelerates the training
                        of innovative talents through multiple channels. The Company makes good use of existing human
                        resources, increases the training of expert-level leading talents and key researchers, facilitates the
                        career development of scientific and technological talents, and improves the incentive and evaluation
                        system for result transformation to stimulate the innovation and vitality of researchers. The Company
                        improves quality, increases efficiency, and achieves upgrade and sustainable and healthy development
                        under the support and guidance of technology innovation. The Company unswervingly takes the road of
                        independent innovation, truly contributing to promoting corporate transformation and upgrading.


                        5,085 employees of the Company are engaged in technological research and development, accounting
                        for 26.49% of the total employees, 46.73% of whom have graduate degrees or above. The excellent
                        talent team has laid a solid foundation for the Company to develop core technologies and maintain
                        technical advantages.


         ii.     Events which have a serious impact on the Company’ s core competitiveness,
                 impact analysis and measures during the Reporting Period

                     Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


         iii.    Core technologies and R&D progress

                1.      Core technology and its leading edges and changes during the Reporting
                        Period

                        The Company focuses on technology research & development, and promotes sustainable development
                        of its overall business by technology innovations. Since its establishment, the Company has been
                        working in the field of rail transportation control system, and owned many industry-leading core
                        technologies leveraging on its outstanding technology innovation strength. As of now, the Company
                        has 6,032 authorised patents in China, including 3,873 authorised invention patents, which protect its
                        core technologies. Meanwhile, the Company signed special confidentiality agreements with relevant
                        technicians regarding core technologies to ensure that core technologies would not be disclosed or
                        spread.




28    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



The core technologies owned by the Company primarily include but not limited to the below:


                                Source of
No   Core technology            technology       Technical level and degree of application


1    Train operation control    Independently    Train operation control technology has been widely used
     technology                 researched and   in HS Rs, ICR s and urban transit, which provides core
                                developed        technical guarantee for safe and high-efficient operation
                                                 of rail transportation. Responding to the demand for highly
                                                 safe and reliable operation of rail transportation, this
                                                 technology has addressed certain significant technology
                                                 issues such as dynamical control curve model of train,
                                                 precise positioning of train, speed and distance detecting
                                                 of train, on board fully functional seamless switch, wireless
                                                 redundancy coverage of multiple doubling railways, moving
                                                 blocking and railway network connectivity.


2    Automatic unmanned train   Independently    Automatic unmanned train operation technology has
     operation technology       researched and   been successfully applied in the fields of HSRs, ICRs and
                                developed        urban transit. Based on train control system, by using this
                                                 technology, automatic train operation is realised; through
                                                 advanced automatic driving control algorithm, certain
                                                 significant technology issues such as calculation of desired
                                                 speed curve of train operation, the algorithm of precise stop
                                                 of train, intelligent control of multiple objects, perception
                                                 of status in complex operation environment, remote safe
                                                 control have been addressed, and multiple indicators such
                                                 as punctuality rate of operation and train parking accuracy
                                                 and ride comfort and operation consumption have been
                                                 improved.


3    Integrated automation      Independently    Integrated automation technology of freight railway has
     technology of freight      researched and   been widely used in many marshalling yards in national
     railway                    developed        railway and dispatch centers of railway bureaus, which
                                                 provides core technology guarantee in improving railway
                                                 freight efficiency, benefit and safety. The technology has
                                                 addressed some significant technology issues such as
                                                 intelligent calculation of freight traffic, intelligent adjustment
                                                 of running line of railway wagons, intelligent preparation of
                                                 locomotive usage plan and shunting plan, smart issuance of
                                                 periodical maintenance and repair plan of vehicles, source
                                                 control of train operation, as a result, the railway freight
                                                 efficiency and intellectualisation level have been improved.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025             29
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                          Source of
                        No    Core technology             technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        4     Train traffic control       Independently    Train traffic control automation technology has been widely
                              automation technology       researched and   used in HSRs, ICRs, urban transit and some normal-speed
                                                          developed        railways. This technology integrates computer technology,
                                                                           network technology and control technology, forms a closed-
                                                                           loop system of train operation dispatch and instruction,
                                                                           addresses technology issues such as train tracing,
                                                                           automatic control for hump rolling routes, prevention and
                                                                           control of mistaken receiving- departure at multi- directional
                                                                           hub station, train dispatch management and control at
                                                                           sectional station and intermediate station and intelligent
                                                                           adjustment of operation plan, as a result, automation level
                                                                           of operation instruction and emergent handling level under
                                                                           fault conditions have been improved.


                        5     Intelligent detection,      Independently    Intelligent detection, operation and maintenance technology
                              operation and maintenance   researched and   of rail transportation has been successfully used in the
                              technology of rail          developed        fields of HSRs, normal-speed railways, urban transit. This
                              transportation                               technology has used big data system and cloud service
                                                                           technology to promote the development of rail transit
                                                                           inspection operation and maintenance to the direction
                                                                           of digitisation, intelligence and informatisation. With the
                                                                           technologies such as diverse integration of intelligent
                                                                           perception, multi-drive engines integration of analysis
                                                                           and judgement, Big Data health assessment analysis
                                                                           as breakthrough points, through expert system, mode
                                                                           identification, trend analysis, comprehensive appraisal,
                                                                           comprehensive positioning and mobile internet, it has
                                                                           realised the advance prediction of rail transit operation
                                                                           risks, active maintenance and health management of key
                                                                           equipment during whole lifetime based on all factors such
                                                                           as personnel, equipment, environment and operation
                                                                           and maintenance processes, improved the maintenance
                                                                           efficiency of equipment, effectively shortened breakdown
                                                                           time, and significantly decreased the failure rate of
                                                                           equipment.




30    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                 Source of
No   Core technology             technology       Technical level and degree of application


6    Train control integration   Independently    The train control integration technology has been widely
     technology                  researched and   used in the fields of HSRs, ICRs, urban transit. Through the
                                 developed        integrated engineering software design platform integrating
                                                  data platform technology and graphic software technology,
                                                  the technology has been applied to make engineering
                                                  design, data allocation, automatic compiling an organic
                                                  entirety, resulting in the improvement of software integration;
                                                  by summarizing features of domestic hub and utilisation
                                                  scenario, an integration process of site installation,
                                                  commissioning, test and construction standardisation
                                                  has been built. This technology is appropriate for the
                                                  connectivity of different modes of equipment with various
                                                  operation grades at newly-built routes, reconstructed routes
                                                  and complex hubs.


7    Safe computer platform      Independently    The safe computer platform technology has been widely
     technology                  researched and   used at the train operation control system centers, stations,
                                 developed        onboard safe control devices, which provides a very safe,
                                                  reliable, high-performed and expandable basic software
                                                  and hardware platform for products. This technology has
                                                  addressed some core technology issues such as safe drive
                                                  and collection based on electronic components, clock level
                                                  multi-machine synchronous comparison, operation fault
                                                  detection and fast redundancy switch, and it has been
                                                  granted highest grade safety certification of International
                                                  Functional Safety Standard.


8    Mobile frequency key control Independently   Mobile frequency key control signal safety modulation
     signal safety modulation    researched and   technology has been widely used in the fields of HSRs,
     technology                  developed        ICRs and normal-speed railways. This technology has
                                                  built a set of fault-safety rail circuit system with mobile
                                                  frequency key control signal as power and rail as
                                                  conductor, addressed contactless safety signal source
                                                  technology, mobile frequency key control signal digital
                                                  spectrum analysis technology, all-region at transmission
                                                  channel detection technology, and realised safe and core
                                                  functions covering rail section occupancy-idling detection,
                                                  transmitting information to train through rail, and real-time
                                                  detection of completeness of rails.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          31
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Source of
                        No    Core technology              technology        Technical level and degree of application


                        9     Turnout switch technology    Independently     Turnout switch technology has been widely used in
                                                           researched and    the fields of HSRs, normal-speed railways, heavy-haul
                                                           developed         railways and urban transit in the PRC. This technology
                                                                             has addressed the major problems in large-size turnout
                                                                             switch synchronization technology, industrial and electrical
                                                                             interface integration, the switch technology of movable point
                                                                             frog of high-speed turnout, external-locking technology
                                                                             of turnouts, established world-leading high speed turnout
                                                                             switch system technology system, and provided powerful
                                                                             safeguard to the development of railway in the PRC.


                        10    Rail transportation simulation Independently   Rail transportation simulation test technology has been
                              test technology              researched and    widely used in the fields of HSRs, ICRs, freight railways,
                                                           developed         urban transit, which provides support to test and
                                                                             verification processes at various stages of lifetime from
                                                                             plan verification, function development, system integration
                                                                             to engineering execution of train control system, freight
                                                                             and train operation instruction system. This technology has
                                                                             addressed some significant technology issues such as
                                                                             simulation test structure based on distribution semiphysical,
                                                                             modelling approach for complex engineering system,
                                                                             multi-source data at multi-level traceable test management
                                                                             method, automatic test, reappearance of fault and analysis,
                                                                             safe control system interface monitoring, test of optimization
                                                                             deployment of environmental resources, aiming at the
                                                                             requirements of large scale of simulation of tested object,
                                                                             greater isotacticity and strong instant real-timeness and
                                                                             higher automation, and the utilization of such technology
                                                                             improved the defect remediation rate and quality reliability
                                                                             of tested system.




32    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                     Source of
No   Core technology                 technology       Technical level and degree of application


11   High precision simulation       Independently    High precision simulation technology based on coupling
     technology based on             researched and   of multi-physics enables ground rail circuit system to
     coupling of multi-physics       developed        work safely and reliably under railway natural conditions,
                                                      electromagnetic environment and complicated route
                                                      conditions, including in the circumstances of coupling
                                                      of multi-physics of high-speed train rails contact
                                                      electric shunt, high power electrification traction current
                                                      disturbance, high-frequency transient signal shock caused
                                                      by lightening, bridge-roadbed-tunnel multispace structure
                                                      routes, alternating dry-wet ballast bed and parallel running
                                                      on complex hub multi routes. This technology has been
                                                      applied to build a high precision simulation analysis
                                                      platform with error within 0.5%. The platform was used for
                                                      precise analysis of transmission features of approximately
                                                      10,000 typical deployment rail circuits at engineering.


12   Manufacture technology          Independently    The operation control system of rail transportation has
     of rail transportation safety   researched and   a high requirement to safety and reliability. Based on
     products                        developed        complete identification of product manufacture risk,
                                                      the manufacture technology of rail transportation safety
                                                      products targets the control in the whole process from
                                                      material selection, manufacture equipment, production
                                                      technology, test and detection, reliability verification
                                                      to lifetime analysis, thus providing a systematic quality
                                                      assurance basis for the safety and reliability of products.


13   Application technology          Independently    Application technology in broadband wireless
     in broadband wireless           researched and   communication industry is based on broadband wireless
     communication industry          developed        communication technology of LTE-M/R, which can actualise
                                                      data transmission and integration of multiple operations,
                                                      improve the efficiency and experience of trunking command
                                                      direction system. This technology can meet the railway
                                                      operation business’s demand of wireless broadband,
                                                      terminal intellectualization and business mobilization.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          33
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                             Source of
                        No    Core technology                technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        14    Comprehensive video            Independently    Comprehensive video monitoring technology for rail
                              monitoring technology for rail researched and   transportation has been widely used in the transportation
                              transportation                 developed        fields such as HSRs and ICRs, which provides
                                                                              comprehensive management system containing video
                                                                              monitoring, Big Data display and visualization for safe
                                                                              operation of rail transportation. Aiming at the demand for all-
                                                                              weather and full-coverage monitoring of rail transportation,
                                                                              this technology has addressed the technology issues
                                                                              such as decoding and forwarding of high definition video
                                                                              stream, concurrent read-write, unity and connect of railway
                                                                              three-stage platform, massive video retrieval, intelligent
                                                                              face recognition and certification, intelligent operation
                                                                              and maintenance, clustering of platform management,
                                                                              dynamic load balance of storage resource and engineering,
                                                                              thus, leading the development of comprehensive video
                                                                              monitoring technology for rail transportation.


                        15    Collaborative transportation Independently      Collaborative transportation and service technology of
                              and service technology of      researched and   regional rail transportation focuses on the operation
                              regional rail transportation   developed        and collaborative linkage of trunk railways, ICRs, urban
                                                                              (suburb) railway s and urban rail transportation network
                                                                              in city clusters/metropolitan areas to improve the overall
                                                                              regional transportation capacity, and makes breakthroughs
                                                                              in technologies such as refined prediction of passenger
                                                                              low in composite road networks, preparation and dynamic
                                                                              adjustment of collaborative transportation plans, global
                                                                              safety situation control and emergency linkage command,
                                                                              intelligent station safety management, and passenger
                                                                              information service in the whole trip chain to improve
                                                                              the overall regional transportation capacity, enhance
                                                                              emergency response and operation and maintenance
                                                                              efficiency, and shorten cross-mode travel time of
                                                                              passengers.




34    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                   Source of
No   Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


16   Intelligent transportation and Independently   With train control as the core, intelligent transportation
     control technology of light   researched and   and control technology of light rail transit, based on
     rail transit                  developed        cloud computing, sets a unified rail transit cloud platform
                                                    which is deeply interconnected with and intelligently
                                                    integrates trains, passengers, environment, facilities,
                                                    equipment, resources and other information, to realise the
                                                    functions integrating independent train operation control,
                                                    comprehensive automation, intelligent travel services, and
                                                    collaborative transport and emergency command. The
                                                    intelligent transportation and control system applies to a
                                                    variety of light rail transit systems such as medium and
                                                    low speed maglev lines, mountain rail transit, and special
                                                    tourist lines, presenting the trend of data synthesis and
                                                    business integration of each professional system equipment
                                                    and guiding the technical development and application
                                                    direction of the rail transit systems.


17   Train autonomous operation Independently       Train autonomous operation technology has realised
     technology                    researched and   autonomous resource management and active interval
                                   developed        protection for the train through three key innovations,
                                                    namely the optimization of platforms, the streamlining of
                                                    systems and the refinement of resources. With a simplified
                                                    structure of the system from a complex one and easily-
                                                    driven complicated functional applications, it achieved
                                                    full-process and comprehensive protection. It may apply
                                                    for rail side resources and achieve direct communication
                                                    among trains based on the tasks on train operation. With
                                                    on-board autonomous computing and mobile authorization,
                                                    it improved the utilization rate of rail side resources. The
                                                    capability on the real-time handling of key businesses and
                                                    accurate speed detecting and positioning improved the
                                                    efficiency of train operation. It may formulate corresponding
                                                    handling mechanisms based on different business
                                                    demands and meet the demand for the upgrading of
                                                    different systems.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         35
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                          Source of
                        No    Core technology             technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        18    BeiDou navigation system-   Independently    With BeiDou Navigation Satellite System as the basis, Bei
                              based train autonomous      researched and   Dou navigation system-based train autonomous operation
                              operation control technology developed       control technology has applied diverse integration and train
                                                                           autonomous positioning technology, integrated longitudinal
                                                                           dynamics models, multi-particle longitudinal dynamics
                                                                           models and safety braking models of trains, combined
                                                                           inspection technologies with high safety, autonomy and
                                                                           completeness on wind pressure, location and speed
                                                                           information and applied the block dynamic swift technology
                                                                           with traffic control as the centre and the dynamic railway
                                                                           capacity allocation strategy, achieving the highly-efficient
                                                                           operation of trains, the simplification of rail side equipment
                                                                           and the centralization of central equipment. It shortened
                                                                           train tracking interval and improved the freight transport
                                                                           capacity.


                        19    Full-electronic computer    Independently    All-electronic execution unit for full-electronic computer
                              interlocking control        researched and   interlocking control technology has applied safe output,
                              technology                  developed        safe cut-off, turnout safety control, safe design of self-
                                                                           inspection on modulo conversion, the structure of double
                                                                           two out of two, network redundancy structure and other
                                                                           technology. Full electronic interlock system and electronic
                                                                           modules have passed third-party safety assessment
                                                                           with the level of safety completeness reaching level
                                                                           SIL4, meeting the requirements on the high safety and
                                                                           reliability of the rail transit signal interlock system and
                                                                           being characterised by small size, easy construction, high
                                                                           reliability, high maintainability and high safety.




36    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                  Source of
No   Core technology              technology       Technical level and degree of application


20   CTCS2+ATO automatic turn- Independently       CTCS2+ATO automatic turn-back technology can be
     back technology              researched and   widely applied in urban railways to improve the services
                                  developed        in the “as-frequent-as-buses” operation of urban railways.
                                                   The technology addressed technology issues such as
                                                   safety communication between head and tail of trains,
                                                   rapid automatic starting, on-site automatic end change
                                                   and automatic turn-back after reaching the destination. It
                                                   achieved automatic turnback in 3 minutes after reaching
                                                   the destination and on-site automatic end change in 20
                                                   seconds, which can effectively cut down the interval time
                                                   for turnback, further shorten the tracking interval of trains,
                                                   reduce the average waiting time of passengers, meet the
                                                   public travelling demand for “high speed, high density and
                                                   as-frequent-as-buses services” and relieve urban traffic
                                                   jam.


21   Video intelligent analysis   Independently    Video intelligent analysis technology adopted intelligent
     technology                   researched and   analysis algorithm, allowing the video system to
                                  developed        automatically adapt to all-weather lighting conditions
                                                   with different density, improving the capacity of resisting
                                                   disturbance under complicated video background
                                                   and effectively enhancing the comprehensive analysis
                                                   performance. It adopted the deep learning technology in
                                                   artificial intelligence sector and developed a professional
                                                   algorithm exercise platform through long-term accumulation
                                                   and improvement of intelligent algorithm sample
                                                   database for railways, which can flexibly and rapidly meet
                                                   customised demands under complicated scenarios and
                                                   achieve automatic empowerment of relevant businesses
                                                   through accurate judgment, dynamic analysis and ancillary
                                                   decision-making.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025            37
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                              Source of
                        No    Core technology                 technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        22    400MHz wireless dispatching Independently        Leveraging on digital and wireless advantages, the 400
                              and communication               researched and   MHz wireless dispatching and communication technology
                              technology of railway digital developed          of railway digital trains addresses technical issues such
                              trains                                           as the bridging of wire SIP communication and wireless
                                                                               PDR communication and business guarantee under failure
                                                                               and weakened conditions. It adopted a professional and
                                                                               integrated hardware platform and fully combined the
                                                                               demand in the wireless dispatching business, achieving
                                                                               data transmission in joint control of trains and railways
                                                                               and reliable communication in voice cluster for wireless
                                                                               dispatching, providing a safe, reliable, effective and
                                                                               convenient means of communication for rail transit,
                                                                               improved the driving safety, transportation efficiency
                                                                               and management and enhanced the quality of wireless
                                                                               communication services.


                        23    Full automatic flexible train   Independently    Fully automatic and flexible train formation technology can
                              formation technology            researched and   adjust the train formation according to the characteristics
                                                              developed        of passenger flow in different zone s and time periods, and
                                                                               achieve the best synergy between passenger demand and
                                                                               vehicle capacity in accordance with the traffic plan, which
                                                                               has the advantages of improving the level of operation
                                                                               service, reducing the energy consumption of traction
                                                                               power supply, reducing the cost of vehicle maintenance,
                                                                               and improving the ability to cope with the uncertainty of
                                                                               passenger flow, etc., and can effectively solve the problem
                                                                               of unbalanced passenger flow in different operation
                                                                               phases, operation time periods and different regions. It can
                                                                               effectively solve the problem of unbalanced passenger flow
                                                                               in different operation phases, different operation periods
                                                                               and different regions, and help to achieve the “cost-
                                                                               effective” train operation.




38    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                 Source of
No   Core technology             technology        Technical level and degree of application


24   Heavy-haul train group      Independently     Heavy-haul train group operation control system achieves
     operation control system    researched and    information transmission based on train-ground wireless
     technology                  developed         communication and train-train communication, with
                                                   advanced functions such as efficient matching of train and
                                                   hump rolling routes, optimal control strategy of automatic
                                                   driving, and cooperative driving of multiple vehicles. The
                                                   system can effectively improve transportation efficiency,
                                                   decrease labor intensity of drivers, reduce transportation
                                                   energy consumption, and greatly improve comprehensive
                                                   efficiency of freight railway transportation.


25   Train control system        Independently     Higher-speed train control system technology breaks
     technology for higher speeds researched and   through the bottleneck of the reliability of safety control
     (CR450)                     developed         and equipment supporting 450 km/h high-speed operation,
                                                   overcomes the difficulty of excessive speed difference
                                                   between main and backup systems, improves the automatic
                                                   driving ability of high-speed railway ATO system, enriches
                                                   and expands the basic theory and engineering practice
                                                   experience of high-speed railway train control technology
                                                   in China, which will further enhance the full independence
                                                   of China’s railway science and technology, consolidate
                                                   China’s leading position in the global high-speed railway
                                                   industry and strongly promote the upgrading and
                                                   transformation of China’s railway network in scale.


26   High-speed maglev/low       Independently     High-speed maglev train control system technology
     vacuum pipeline (tunnel)    researched and    supports train operation and control of ultra-high speed
     train control system        developed         maglev trains with a speed of 600 km/hour or higher,
     technology                                    which can be divided into on-board operation control,
                                                   sectionalised operation control, central operation control
                                                   and positioning and speed measurement subsystem.
                                                   Different from the traditional high speed rail operation
                                                   control system, the system architecture has overcome
                                                   various technical difficulties, such as positioning and
                                                   speed measurement, vehicle-ground communication,
                                                   levitation guidance and electromagnetic compatibility, and
                                                   is of great significance to the research of ultrahigh speed
                                                   transportation technology in China.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       39
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Source of
                        No    Core technology              technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        27    Digital integrated           Independently    Digital integrated management and control technology
                              management and control       researched and   of freight yard can manage the whole process of goods
                              technology of freight yard   developed        from mobilization to unloading, transshipment, inspection,
                                                                            loading and exit in the freight yard, build a digital
                                                                            integrated management and control system of freight
                                                                            yard for centralised scheduling of container handling/
                                                                            transshipment equipment such as IGV automatic guided
                                                                            vehicles in the freight yard, improve the automation and
                                                                            intelligent level of key equipment such as front loading and
                                                                            unloading equipment, horizontal transport vehicles, security
                                                                            monitoring in the freight yard, and enhance the efficiency of
                                                                            goods transshipment in the yard.


                        28    Safety railway intelligent   Independently    Based on the safety railway intelligent signal display
                              signal display technology    researched and   technology, a series of equipment, including intelligent
                                                           developed        LED annunciator of SIL4 safety level, lighting detection unit
                                                                            and lighting alarm devices, are developed. The intelligent
                                                                            LED annunciator can replace the existing incandescent
                                                                            annunciator and is characterised by high energy-efficiency,
                                                                            high safety, long service life and adjustability, which is
                                                                            an upgraded product of existing railway signal display
                                                                            equipment.


                        29    System RAM modelling and     Independently    System RAM modelling and evaluation technology
                              evaluation technology        researched and   is to model the system and its components from the
                                                           developed        perspective of the cognition of system law, estimate
                                                                            and evaluate the reliability, maintainability and usability
                                                                            of the system based on the accumulated product data,
                                                                            structural characteristics and composition of the system,
                                                                            as well as the working environment of the system and
                                                                            other factors, and also identify the main factors affecting
                                                                            the reliability, maintainability and usability of the system,
                                                                            locate key points, and provide a basis for design and
                                                                            iterative optimization; it can help shorten the equipment
                                                                            validation cycle of train control systems and guarantee the
                                                                            performance quality of the product.




40    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                  Source of
No   Core technology              technology       Technical level and degree of application


30   Integrated technology on     Independently    Based on BIM modeling, with the target of factory
     “factory-based” construction researched and   preassembly and fabricated on-site construction and
     in railway signaling &       developed        through modularization, unification, plugging and splicing,
     communication projects                        clustering and fabrication, the integrated technology
                                                   on “factory-based “construction in railway signaling &
                                                   communication projects brings forward operation with high
                                                   on-site labor intensity and high-quality requirements at
                                                   traditional construction sites to the curing process at the
                                                   factory preassembly stage, which significantly reduces
                                                   the workload of on-site operation, on-site labor, technical
                                                   difficulties in on-site construction as well as risks and
                                                   hidden hazards and improves the quality of projects.


31   Video analysis technology in Independently    Video analysis technology in high-speed railway tunnels
     high-speed railway tunnels   researched and   adapts to special conditions such as low illumination level,
                                  developed        high temperature and humidity, strong vibration and high
                                                   wind pressure in tunnels, forming video analysis algorithms
                                                   such as intelligent disaster prevention and detection,
                                                   target detection in dark light, front/background separation
                                                   for the line patrol of the track maintenance division, which
                                                   provides basic support for the application of integrated
                                                   video monitoring system in high-speed railway tunnels and
                                                   guarantees the safety of railway transportation.


32   Vision networking fusion     Independently    With the vision networking fusion algorithm warehouse
     algorithm warehouse          researched and   technology, a ware house is formed to manage algorithm
     technology                   developed        models, centralise the management of all AI algorithm
                                                   models and provide AI analysis service capabilities, to
                                                   realise the rapid integration of multiple manufacturers and
                                                   multi-versions of algorithms, improve the management
                                                   capabilities of the lifecycle of the algorithm, enhance
                                                   the intelligent analysis capabilities of vision networking
                                                   fusion video and other related products, and boost the
                                                   performance improvement of the product.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          41
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Source of
                        No    Core technology              technology         Technical level and degree of application


                        33    Multimode signal system      Independently      The multimode signal system integration technology has
                              integration technology       researched and     made breakthrough in integration technologies such as
                                                           developed          urban transit electronic map data, onboard GPS, movement
                                                                              authority limit, onboard human-machine interaction, ATS
                                                                              driving monitoring, rail side equipment control and display
                                                                              and digital track circuits, innovated the set of technology
                                                                              system of “multi-mode integration of signal system”, and
                                                                              achieved a set of onboard technology, two systems and
                                                                              seamless integration, providing users with a new model for
                                                                              extending and renovating signal systems of quasi-mobile
                                                                              blocked lines to meet requirements for the interconnection
                                                                              and network-based operation between different signal
                                                                              system lines.


                        34    Highly safe, resilient and   Independently      By applying the calculation correctness real-time detection
                              reliable control technology in researched and   theories and formal methods of key equipment to train
                              fully automatic operation    developed          safety, it adopts error checking, error correction, fault
                                                                              tolerance and fault oriented safety technologies with a
                                                                              combination of system equipment failure modes and
                                                                              operational safety requirements, makes breakthrough in
                                                                              key technologies such as highly intelligent fully automatic
                                                                              operation control, regional joint defense, adaptive tolerance
                                                                              to operational anomalies and remote failure recovery, and
                                                                              develops distinctive fully automatic functions, including
                                                                              train sleep-wake static-dynamic commissioning, remote
                                                                              garage door closing operations, fully automatic obstacle
                                                                              avoidance and evacuation protection, automatic recovery
                                                                              after train derailment, remote restart and remote updating of
                                                                              onboard/rail side equipment data, achieving safe operation,
                                                                              adaptive failure tolerance, efficient failure recovery and
                                                                              intelligent operation and maintenance for fully automatic
                                                                              operations.




42    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                 Source of
No   Core technology             technology       Technical level and degree of application


35   Control technology of smart Independently    Based on the theory and technology of full-axle control, the
     rail full-axle steering     researched and   trajectory tracking control technology integrated with high-
                                 developed        precision navigation positioning aims directly minimum
                                                  trajectory tracking errors. Through model prediction control
                                                  and feedback control, it researches and develops full-axle
                                                  steering control system with high performance, reliability
                                                  and safety, turning trajectory tracking and safety control
                                                  for electronically guided rubber-tyred smart rail train into
                                                  reality.


36   Online automatic deployment Independently    Full electronic interlock system adopts intelligent
     technology of control       researched and   maintenance and distributed design, featuring the
     platforms                   developed        distribution of configuration/data/software, researches
                                                  and develops automated deployment technology and
                                                  launches tools allowing automated deployment. Leveraging
                                                  connections to the internet, the tool ensures the absence of
                                                  command output or disruption to another system’s normal
                                                  operation during in system programming, thus improving
                                                  the efficiency and accuracy of on-site software upgrading.


37   Centralised and efficient   Independently    By leveraging the causal relationships between behavior s
     management technology for researched and     and data, an identification model is developed for operation
     train operation behaviour   developed        behavior scenarios that are linked to changes in equipment
                                                  status, route status, and alarm log information. This model
                                                  particularly targets high-risk operation behaviors outlined
                                                  in actual management practices. Utilising this model, the
                                                  operation behaviors represented by the corresponding
                                                  data are accurately identified, and pertinent information
                                                  regarding these behavior scenarios is captured. This
                                                  approach facilitates centralised management of train
                                                  operation behaviors, enhances management efficiency
                                                  and quality, promotes the standardization of train operation
                                                  behaviors while minimising management costs, and fortifies
                                                  the standardization and safety of train operations.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2025          43
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Source of
                        No    Core technology            technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        38    Rail breakage inspection   Independently    The coupling resonance acquisition analysis of inductance,
                              technology in ranges       researched and   impedance, and capacitance characteristics of rails and
                                                         developed        ballast is carried out through single-node devices. Multi-
                                                                          physical, multidimensional state feature extraction is used
                                                                          to integrate massive storage data. Based on the analysis
                                                                          of multi-dimensional feature data, multiscale physical
                                                                          phenomena in different stages such as health and rail
                                                                          fracture are studied, as well as the change characteristics
                                                                          under strong interference and high pulse. A rail health
                                                                          status model is established to evaluate the current rail
                                                                          health status, and a rail health status big data platform is
                                                                          established. Combined with historical data, the rail status
                                                                          evolution trend curve is formed to achieve the function of
                                                                          rail breakage inspection.


                        39    Electromagnetic            Independently    Electromagnetic environment effect and electromagnetic
                              environmental effects of   researched and   safety technology of rail transportation is the key to
                              rail transportation and    developed        guarantee the safety and reliability of on-rail running
                              electromagnetic safety                      equipment, and it has overcome difficulties such as high-
                              technology                                  power (high voltage, high current output at the same time),
                                                                          multiphysical quantity controllable off-line electromagnetic
                                                                          discharge technology of pantograph network, simulation
                                                                          technology of electromagnetic environment effect of
                                                                          vehicle-ground-network coordination, and forward design
                                                                          technology of electromagnetic compatibility, to support
                                                                          the research and development and optimization of the
                                                                          rail transit signal infrastructure and to guarantee the high-
                                                                          efficiency, safe and stable operation of on-rail products.




44    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                   Source of
No   Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


40   Disaster monitoring           Independently    The disaster monitoring technology for rail transit with multi-
     technology for rail transit   researched and   modal perception across the whole region utilises various
     with multi-modal perception developed          multi-dimensional and multi-modal means such as video
     across the whole region                        analysis and radar monitoring. It innovatively utilises deep
                                                    learning-based projection and codec algorithms to achieve
                                                    deep alignment and fusion analysis of effective information
                                                    contained in video images, video encodings, and radar
                                                    echoes. Based on customised and optimised algorithms
                                                    such as foreground extraction, object detection/filtering,
                                                    specific area segmentation, and difference detection, and
                                                    supported by advanced technologies such as hardware
                                                    acceleration, small sample detection, and multi-dimensional
                                                    three-dimensional visualization, this technology solves the
                                                    problem of complex environmental interference along the
                                                    rail transit line, achieving product performance improvement
                                                    and cost optimization in multiple business directions from
                                                    large-scale railroads, subways, to smart cities.


41   Key technology for the        Independently    Based on the characteristics of China’s high-speed railway
     overhaul and renovation of    researched and   signal system, this technology uses both quantitative and
     high-speed railway signal     developed        qualitative analysis methods to conduct a comprehensive
     systems                                        analysis of the design, system integration, construction
                                                    installation, and engineering acceptance of overhaul and
                                                    renovation projects. It has developed a Prognostics and
                                                    Health Management (PHM) assessment standard system
                                                    for key equipment of high-speed railway signal systems.
                                                    The technology also masters performance enhancement
                                                    techniques for high-speed railway signal systems, builds
                                                    a comprehensive digital platform for high-speed railway
                                                    signal equipment, and supports the digital transformation
                                                    and upgrading of maintenance for high-speed railway
                                                    signal systems. This has led to the development of indoor
                                                    integrated digital technology for high-speed railway signal
                                                    systems and “seamless major overhaul” system integration
                                                    technology, reducing the impact of major repairs and
                                                    renovations on operations. It also provides early planning
                                                    and layout for the renovation and upgrading of high-speed
                                                    railway signal system equipment, promoting the high-quality
                                                    and sustainable development of high-speed railways.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025            45
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Source of
                        No    Core technology              technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        42    Comprehensive intelligent    Independently    The comprehensive intelligent technology for marshalling
                              technology for marshalling   researched and   yards is based on well-proven integrated automation
                              yards                        developed        technology and applies new technologies such as artificial
                                                                            intelligence. It integrates the intelligent demands of
                                                                            marshalling yards, enhancing various processes ranging
                                                                            from plan preparation and route arrangement to outdoor
                                                                            execution. The system achieves intelligent phase plan
                                                                            preparation, automatic station capacity determination, full-
                                                                            area signal control within the station, hump bowl closed-
                                                                            loop control, and automatic driving of switcher locomotives,
                                                                            among other intelligent functions. This improves the overall
                                                                            operational efficiency of marshalling yards and provides
                                                                            the core foundation for the gradual realisation of intelligent
                                                                            marshalling yards.


                        43    Urban rail transit signal    Independently    The urban rail transit signal control and transportation
                              control and transportation   researched and   organisation technology under complex and harsh
                              organisation technology      developed        environments deeply analyses risk factors such as rain,
                              under complex and harsh                       snow, fog, and frost. It dynamically evaluates key train
                              environments                                  operation parameters, including adhesion conditions
                                                                            and available braking rates, under special environmental
                                                                            conditions. By integrating perception, artificial intelligence,
                                                                            automatic protection, and autonomous driving technologies,
                                                                            the system enhances the urban rail transit signal
                                                                            system’s ability to sense and adapt to complex and harsh
                                                                            environments. It enables rapid adjustments to safety control
                                                                            and autonomous driving strategies, expands the safety
                                                                            protection boundaries of the signal system, and helps
                                                                            create the “safest subway.”




46    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                   Source of
No   Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


44   5G key technology for rail    Independently    The 5G key technology for rail transit has established
     transit                       researched and   efficient, real-time, and secure data transmission channels,
                                   developed        enabling the transmission and exchange of a large amount
                                                    of audio and video data within the railway system. This
                                                    technology supports reliable and secure audio and video
                                                    dispatching in station areas, facilitates the connection of a
                                                    large number of terminal devices in station areas and along
                                                    the railway line, effectively reduces railway operating costs,
                                                    improves operational efficiency, and significantly promotes
                                                    the intelligent upgrading and sustainable development of
                                                    railways.


45   General-purpose visual large Independently     Based on artificial intelligence-powered visual large model
     model intelligent analysis    researched and   intelligent analysis technology, a general-purpose visual
     technology for railways       developed        large model for the railway sector has been developed.
                                                    This model enables functions such as object detection in
                                                    open categories within the railway sector, target attribute
                                                    and location identification based on intelligent semantic
                                                    prompt information, and more. Centred around the visual
                                                    large model architecture for the railway sector, it extracts
                                                    effective information obtained through multimodal methods,
                                                    optimises functions such as image-text multimodal feature
                                                    alignment and adaptive feature matching metrics, and
                                                    develops dedicated large model algorithms, systems, and
                                                    intelligent analysis devices for abnormal railway intrusion
                                                    monitoring and alerting. This allows for the search and
                                                    identification, as well as intelligent monitoring, of station
                                                    personnel, lost items, railway equipment status, natural
                                                    disasters, and other related aspects.


46   Visualisation monitoring      Independently    The visualisation monitoring technology based on 3D
     technology based on 3D        researched and   m o d e l l i n g a n d d i g i t a l t w i n s u s e s W e b3D m o d e l l i n g
     modelling and digital twins   developed        technologies such as HTML5 and WebGL to create more
                                                    detailed and accurate models, including equipment
                                                    location, orientation, equipment panel details, and more.
                                                    Coupled with real-time data obtained through digital twin
                                                    technology, this enables true “scene restoration” and
                                                    achieves comprehensive environmental awareness based
                                                    on 3D visualisation technology.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025                    47
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                            Source of
                        No    Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        47    Trajectory synchronisation    Independently    The trajectory synchronisation technology for inspection
                              technology for inspection     researched and   robots based on spatial coordinate mapping, built on
                              robots based on spatial       developed        3D modelling and intelligent inspection, calibrates the
                              coordinate mapping                             inspection positions of intelligent inspection robots using
                                                                             spatial coordinate mapping technology. This enables real-
                                                                             time synchronisation of the robot’s trajectory in the 3D
                                                                             model view with the trajectory in the real-world scene.


                        48    Key technology for train-     Independently    The technology supports automatically collecting various
                              network-ground monitoring     researched and   monitoring data and log files from the train network-ground
                              and diagnostics in high-      developed        monitoring system and equipment. By aligning information
                              speed railway train control                    such as track, frequency points, time slots, mileage
                              systems                                        markers, and train numbers, multi-source data correlation
                                                                             is achieved. This enables multi-angle analysis of both
                                                                             complete and partial datasets, supporting comprehensive
                                                                             fault diagnosis, safety verification, and integrated remote
                                                                             maintenance. Ultimately, it enhances analytical accuracy
                                                                             and further optimises the monitoring scope and depth of
                                                                             the train-network-ground control system.


                        49    Integration of Rail Transit   Independently    To target the rail transit “ control-dispatch–service”
                              Dispatch and Control and      researched and   business, aim at “autonomous operation control, intelligent
                              Connecting Transportation     developed        comprehensive dispatch, connecting transportation
                              Service Technology                             services, integrated dispatch and control, and precise
                                                                             supply and demand matching”, and make a breakthrough
                                                                             in technical and system limitations on high-speed and high-
                                                                             automation rail transit theoretical and technical research,
                                                                             system equipment development and demonstration
                                                                             engineering application, to realise the integrated operation
                                                                             from “passenger flow to wheels”.


                        50    Two-level train control       Independently    By adopting a next-generation train control system
                              system technology based on researched and      architecture, the technology promotes functional innovation
                              trackside digital intelligence developed       and efficient collaboration of the train control system,
                                                                             significantly improving operation and maintenance quality
                                                                             and efficiency, and breaking through in the traditional
                                                                             development model of train control systems.




48    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                   Source of
No   Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


51   Train frozen coal interface   Independently    Based on electromagnetic induction heating technology,
     heating technology            researched and   high-efficiency and precise heating of frozen coal wagons
                                   developed        is achieved through high-power induction power supplies
                                                    and customised coils. This reduces frozen coal residue
                                                    on the wagons and improves coal unloading and cleaning
                                                    efficiency. Intelligent temperature detection technology is
                                                    used to monitor key areas of the wagons in real time, and
                                                    advanced PID control algorithms dynamically adjust the
                                                    heating power output based on the temperature readings,
                                                    achieving green energy-saving effects.


52   Early warning analysis        Independently    Powered by a variety of technologies, including waveform
     and diagnostic technology     researched and   analysis, inference analysis, fault tree analysis, big data
     based on multi-drive engine developed          analysis, and machine self learning, this technology
     integration                                    enables real-time warning analysis and diagnostics through
                                                    a hybrid-driven engine. By leveraging this analytical
                                                    approach, it enables automatic early warnings for potential
                                                    equipment risks, precise fault localisation, and in-depth
                                                    data pattern analysis.


53   Equipment full-lifecycle      Independently    Based on the full lifecycle quality monitoring and evaluation
     management technology         researched and   technology of equipment, it intelligently predicts and
                                   developed        recommends equipment maintenance cycles and service
                                                    life. By assessing the real quality of equipment and
                                                    incorporating maintenance plans, it dynamically and
                                                    intelligently proposes maintenance and repair schedules,
                                                    assisting in proactive maintenance decision-making. This
                                                    ensures high equipment reliability while improving the
                                                    quality and efficiency of maintenance work.


54   Interlocking parameter        Independently    By adopting a unique interlocking software design
     visualisation tracking        researched and   method, the system can provide real-time online reading
     technology                    developed        of interlocking logic variables and intermediate variables.
                                                    Users can view interlocking logic formulas and the values of
                                                    variables through maintenance and diagnostic equipment
                                                    provided by the trackside equipment control system. This
                                                    ensures that the interlocking software is open, real-time,
                                                    and transparent, making it easier for project implementation
                                                    and maintenance, and solving the problem of real-time
                                                    tracking of the status of all system variables.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          49
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                          Source of
                        No    Core technology             technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        55    Algorithm management        Independently    Relying on microservices architecture and container cluster
                              technology based on         researched and   management technology, the system achieves pooled
                              container orchestration     developed        management and scheduling of computing resources, as
                                                                           well as lightweight integration and management of massive
                                                                           algorithms. Based on scheduling strategies, algorithm
                                                                           instances are dispatched to corresponding nodes for
                                                                           execution, enabling dynamic allocation and effective
                                                                           utilisation of cluster computing resources.


                        56    Railway 5G-R interface      Independently    Primarily used for monitoring the main interfaces of the
                              monitoring system and its   researched and   5G-R wireless network, it enables the recording, analysis,
                              key technologies            developed        and correlation of signalling and business data related to
                                                                           train control vehicle-to-ground communication and dispatch
                                                                           communication processes. This provides data support for
                                                                           the operation and maintenance, fault analysis, and trend
                                                                           warning of the 5G-R wireless network and train control
                                                                           system.


                        57    Electrical intelligent      Independently    With the goal of “managing assets, managing processes,
                              operation and maintenance   researched and   and managing personnel”, this technology aims to
                              platform technology         developed        comprehensively enhance railway operations and
                                                                           maintenance efficiency and quality, and promote the
                                                                           digitalisation and intelligent transformation of railway
                                                                           electrification: researching equipment lifecycle management
                                                                           technology, using equipment master records, technical
                                                                           documentation, and on-site images as the foundation, to
                                                                           automatically associate equipment alarm information, fault
                                                                           information, maintenance information, and monitoring and
                                                                           testing data, thereby achieving comprehensive lifecycle
                                                                           management of equipment; researching full-process
                                                                           supervision and control technologies for operations,
                                                                           studying closed-loop management of the entire operational
                                                                           process, including planning, approval, execution, closure,
                                                                           evaluation, and assessment, to achieve automatic
                                                                           generation of plans and work orders, intellectualize data
                                                                           flow between business nodes, and improve operational
                                                                           efficiency.




50    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                  Source of
No   Core technology              technology        Technical level and degree of application


58   Embedded real-time           Independently     It provides a unified framework for embedded realtime
     operating system framework researched and      operating systems for products using MCU processors,
     technology                   developed         addressing the issue of needing to adapt to multiple
                                                    different vendor drivers with varying interfaces and
                                                    usage methods during software development for various
                                                    equipment. The unified driver framework enables real-
                                                    time operating system support, protocol stack support,
                                                    remote upgrades, anomaly detection, and a unified BSP
                                                    driver interface, providing a foundational support for
                                                    the digitalisation and intelligentisation of train control
                                                    equipment.


59   Multi-source train positioning Independently   It adopts a multi-source fusion positioning method based
     technology integrated with   researched and    on BeiDou satellite navigation, wheel speed sensors,
     BeiDou                       developed         acceleration information, and a small number of ground-
                                                    based passive transponders to achieve high-precision
                                                    autonomous positioning of trains.


60   Fully automatic online       Independently     Combining train automatic control technology and fault-
     coupling and decoding        researched and    safe analysis theory, principles for setting up train
     technology                   developed         coupling zones, management of the fully automatic train
                                                    coupling process based on “train automatic protection”,
                                                    calculation of coupling authorisation for moving trains,
                                                    and safety identification of coupled trains are proposed.
                                                    Through unified management of trains participating in
                                                    coupling operations and coupled trains, an automated
                                                    control process for train coupling operations is achieved,
                                                    enhancing the safety and flexibility of train coupling and
                                                    formation operations.


61   Equipment health             Independently     It establishes a closed-loop system of “self-learning, case
     autonomous analysis          researched and    accumulation, and capability evolution”. Through a large
     technology                   developed         model-driven intelligent analysis engine, it effectively
                                                    addresses core pain points such as the long accumulation
                                                    cycle of expert experience and low system iteration
                                                    efficiency, enabling equipment anomaly identification and
                                                    health analysis to continuously self-evolve and providing
                                                    precise decision-making support for complex maintenance
                                                    scenarios.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        51
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                            Source of
                        No    Core technology               technology          Technical level and degree of application


                        62    Fault emergency               Independently       It establishes a dynamic response mechanism of
                              organization guidance         researched and      “knowledge update-scenario matching-intelligent
                              technology                    developed           generation”, achieving intelligent collaboration in personnel
                                                                                division, maintenance guidance, tool reminders, and
                                                                                passenger broadcast generation during fault emergencies.
                                                                                Leveraging the large model’s multi-modal understanding
                                                                                capabilities, it ensures comprehensive coverage of the
                                                                                maintenance solution database while dynamically adapting
                                                                                to personalised scenarios, effectively resolving the
                                                                                contradiction between fragmented maintenance experience
                                                                                and precise guidance requirements, and significantly
                                                                                improving emergency response quality.


                        63    Multi-modal large model       Independently       Rooted in the rail transit and smart city scenarios, it
                              intelligent analysis          researched and      integrates visual and text-based multimodal perception
                              technology                    developed           capabilities, aligning with human values and thinking
                                                                                patterns as a new-generation vertical domain large model,
                                                                                and constructs a “perception-inferencedecision-making”
                                                                                full-chain intelligent system. Through modular design, it
                                                                                integrates visual perception, language processing, text
                                                                                and image retrieval, and multimodal question-answering
                                                                                components, which are lightweight and flexibly combinable,
                                                                                to pioneer new paradigms for AI application empowerment
                                                                                across multiple fields such as station passenger services,
                                                                                line disaster monitoring, station area intelligent operations,
                                                                                urban street governance, and natural environment
                                                                                protection.


                        64    Multi-source data fusion      Independently       It integrates multi-dimensional, multi-modal data from
                              artificial intelligence analysis researched and   different times, regions, or information processing stages.
                              technology                    developed           Through spatio-temporal alignment, decision-making model
                                                                                structure construction, and the application of reasoning and
                                                                                intelligent algorithms, it synthesises analysis results from
                                                                                different models to form unified, comprehensive analysis
                                                                                outcomes.




52    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                  Source of
No   Core technology              technology       Technical level and degree of application


65   Video surveillance system    Independently    Relying on dynamic device identity management
     digitalization application   researched and   technology, it achieves trusted authentication of railway
     technology                   developed        video front-end devices, addresses the risk of device
                                                   hijacking in complex environments, and establishes a
                                                   dynamic trusted authentication mechanism; relying on high-
                                                   concurrency, low-latency streaming media processing
                                                   technology, it enables efficient video resource access
                                                   to support thousands of concurrent terminal accesses,
                                                   meeting the realtime access needs of multiple railway
                                                   departments; it constructs a standardised third-party AI
                                                   integration framework, seamlessly connecting large models
                                                   and intelligent analysis systems through open protocol
                                                   interfaces, achieving closed-loop interaction between video
                                                   semantics and intelligent business operations.


66   Fusion of monitoring video   Independently    It establishes a connection between the camera pixel
     and geographic information researched and     coordinate system and the world coordinate system,
     technology                   developed        enabling accurate mapping of target information in
                                                   videos onto maps and vice versa, thereby bridging the
                                                   gap between video/image information and geographic
                                                   information. This provides technical empowerment for
                                                   refined governance and intelligent decision-making in core
                                                   smart city domains such as smart urban management,
                                                   smart emergency response, and smart water management.


67   Equipment quality            Independently    It develops equipment quality assessment methodology
     assessment technology        researched and   through the organic integration and complementary
                                  developed        advantages of the Analytic Hierarchy Process and Fuzzy
                                                   Comprehensive Evaluation Method. The Analytic Hierarchy
                                                   Process (AHP) is a multi-criteria decision-making method
                                                   that combines qualitative and quantitative analysis; the
                                                   Fuzzy Comprehensive Evaluation Method is an approach
                                                   that utilises the principle of fuzzy relation synthesis to
                                                   conduct comprehensive assessments of the membership
                                                   status of evaluated objects based on multiple factors. By
                                                   integrating these two methods, effective health assessment
                                                   of equipment and systems can be achieved.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2025          53
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                            Source of
                        No    Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


                        68    Fault prediction and health   Independently    It covers core signaling control equipment for vehicles,
                              management technology for researched and       tracks, and networks, including system-level safety product
                              signaling control equipment developed          diagnostic twin technology, product-level abnormal trend
                                                                             fault prediction functions, equipment-layer fault prediction
                                                                             solutions, and device interface health assessment models.
                                                                             These enable predictive fault diagnosis and health
                                                                             assessment functions for signaling control equipment.


                        69    Signaling-specific large      Independently    Built upon high-performance open-source general-
                              model technology              researched and   purpose large model platforms such as DeepSeek and
                                                            developed        Qwen, infused with domain-specific knowledge in signaling
                                                                             systems to enhance the model’s comprehension and
                                                                             reasoning capabilities for specialised tasks. Meanwhile,
                                                                             dedicated datasets are constructed for practical application
                                                                             scenarios such as code generation and testing, with
                                                                             continuous iterative optimisation of model performance.
                                                                             Ultimately, through the demonstration application of typical
                                                                             signaling products, the practical implementation and
                                                                             validation of intelligent technologies in rail transit signaling
                                                                             systems are achieved, driving the intelligent upgrade and
                                                                             industrial application of rail transit signaling R&D and
                                                                             testing processes.


                        70    Railway 5G dedicated          Independently    A core technology customised for mission-critical
                              mobile communication (5G- researched and       communication requirements in the railway industry, based
                              R) system mc technology       developed        on the 3GPP Mission Critical (MC) standard framework. This
                                                                             technology adopts the unified MC architecture, leveraging
                                                                             MCPTT, MCVideo, and MCData to deliver comprehensive
                                                                             service capabilities encompassing voice, video, and data
                                                                             transmission. While fulfilling fundamental functions such as
                                                                             group calling, priority preemption, and dynamic regrouping,
                                                                             it is deeply tailored to railway-specific operational needs.
                                                                             It supports intelligent network features including functional
                                                                             addressing, location-based addressing, location-based
                                                                             group calling, and emergency calls, while meeting the
                                                                             communication continuity requirements in high-speed
                                                                             mobility scenarios. With notable system scalability, it
                                                                             provides critical communication support for intelligent
                                                                             railway construction.




54    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                   Source of
No   Core technology               technology       Technical level and degree of application


71   Integrated intelligent        Independently    This solution integrates traditionally separate management
     dispatching and control       researched and   and control systems by establishing a unified center, shared
     technology for dedicated      developed        equipment, and common database to simultaneously
     railways                                       achieve dispatch management, train operation command,
                                                    and signaling control. It standardises and streamlines
                                                    processes while functionally integrating scheduling plans,
                                                    freight marketing, operation command, construction
                                                    management, rolling stock, station operations, route control,
                                                    and statistical analysis for local and dedicated railways.
                                                    The system synthesizes, summarizes, and archives
                                                    transportation production process information, enabling
                                                    more efficient and orderly management of local and
                                                    dedicated railway operations while ensuring safety. It drives
                                                    digital transformation of dispatch command and production
                                                    operations, providing a unified command platform for
                                                    operators to enhance transportation efficiency and achieve
                                                    workforce optimisation and cost reduction.


72   Intelligent vessel            Independently    It conducts theoretical and methodological research on
     transportation organisation   researched and   digital resource interaction systems, transportation resource
     and scheduling technology     developed        forecasting, shipping planning, and vessel scheduling,
     based on railway-port-                         develops and constructs a shipping data middle platform,
     shipping coordination                          a collaborative road-port-shipping operational situation
                                                    prediction and simulation system, a virtual coal shipping
                                                    transportation operation system, and a shipping cloud
                                                    brain platform to achieve logistics progress forecasting
                                                    for road-port-shipping, vessel operational efficiency
                                                    prediction, intelligent cargo-vessel matching, and intelligent
                                                    recommendations for sailing speed and routes, further
                                                    enhancing the intelligent level of shipping production.


73   Railway electronic map        Independently    It utilises high-precision satellite positioning technology
     positioning technology        researched and   and a railway electronic map positioning algorithm that
                                   developed        integrates interlocking code information, improving
                                                    the accuracy of train position tracking and assisting in
                                                    determining whether track circuit sections exhibit poor
                                                    shunting conditions.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025            55
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Source of
                        No    Core technology              technology         Technical level and degree of application


                        74    Early warning technology     Independently      By integrating the electronic map of railway geographic
                              integrating video surveillance researched and   information with the coverage areas of trackside camera
                              with railway electronic      developed          surveillance, this technology enables train drivers and
                              mapping                                         ground monitoring personnel to promptly access real-
                                                                              time on-site conditions. It reduces communication costs,
                                                                              expands functional application scenarios, and enhances
                                                                              the system’s usability and scalability.


                        75    Train autonomous perception Independently       Through the spatiotemporal fusion algorithm of AI vision
                              technology                   researched and     and LiDAR point clouds, the technology overcomes the
                                                           developed          global challenge of stable detection for small targets and
                                                                              low-contrast obstacles under complex lighting, weather,
                                                                              and track scenarios. It has established an integrated
                                                                              architecture for train active collision prevention and interval
                                                                              protection based on the “perception-decision-control”
                                                                              closed loop, which can serve as a safety redundancy to
                                                                              take over train control in case of signaling system failure.

                        The Company actively deployed innovation chain surrounding industrial chain, and was dedicated to
                        transformation and industrialization of core technology achievements. It applied its core technology to
                        rail transportation core systems such as train control system of railway, train control system of ICRs, train
                        control system of urban transit, freight automation system, operation command automation and detection
                        system and communication information system.


                        During the Reporting Period, the Company added several core technologies, including equipment
                        quality assessment technology, fault prediction and health management technology for signaling control
                        equipment, signaling-specific large model technology, railway 5G dedicated mobile communication
                        (5G-R) system mc technology, integrated intelligent dispatching and control technology for dedicated
                        railways, intelligent vessel transportation organisation and scheduling technology based on railway-
                        port-shipping coordination, railway electronic map positioning technology, early warning technology
                        integrating video surveillance with railway electronic mapping, and train autonomous perception
                        technology.


                        The development of core businesses such as design and integration, equipment manufacturing, system
                        implementation of rail transportation operation and control system of the Company will fully depend on
                        its core technology. During the Reporting Period, no material changes in the core technology occurred.




56    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



Details of awards for the National Technology Award

✓   Applicable        Not applicable


                           Year of                                                           Level of
Name of awards             awards      Name of project                                       awards


National Award for Science 2002        Integrated technology and equipment for projects First Prize
 and Technology Progress                 related to raising the speed of China’s railways
National Award for Science 2006        Model ZPW-2000A jointless frequency shift             Second
 and Technology Progress                 automatic blocking system                           Prize
National Award for Science 2007        Comprehensive Technology and Application              First Prize
 and Technology Progress                 of Heavy Haul Transportation for the
                                         DatongQinhuangdao Railway Line
National Award for Science 2008        Qinghai-Tibet Railway Engineering Project             Grand Prize
 and Technology Progress
National Award for Science 2009        Key technology and application of onboard safety Second
 and Technology Progress                 control system under complex and high-speed Prize
                                         conditions
National Award for Science 2010        Research and application of key technology for        First Prize
 and Technology Progress                 the Suining-Chongqing ballastless track
National Award for Science 2012        Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway Project             First Prize
 and Technology Progress
National Award for Science 2015        Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway Project           Grand Prize
 and Technology Progress




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      57
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        Awards of China Patent Award

                                                                                                         Year of
                        No    Name of patents                        Name of awards                      award     Awarding entity


                        1     A method for dynamically tracking Excellent Award under the 17th           2015      China National
                                train position in the urban rail       China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                transit signal system                                                                Administration
                        2     A computer interlocking system         Excellent Award under the 18th      2016      China National
                                with centralised control function      China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                                                                                                     Administration
                        3     A data collection, transmission and Excellent Award under the 19th         2017      China National
                                processing equipment for the           China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                railway CTC system                                                                   Administration
                        4     An on-board device and rail transit Excellent Award under the 19th         2017      China National
                                train for the automatic operation      China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                of CTCS-3 level trains                                                               Administration
                        5     A track circuit transmitter and        Silver Award under the 20th China   2018      China National
                                the method for realising fault –       Patent Award                                  Intellectual Property
                                oriented safety                                                                      Administration
                        6     Train operation control method and Silver Award under the 21st China       2019      China National
                                device, on-board equipment and         Patent Award                                  Intellectual Property
                                train control system                                                                 Administration
                        7     Methods and devices for realising Excellent Award under the 22nd           2021      China National
                                shunting route control by              China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                combining STP and CTC                                                                Administration
                        8     A track circuit                        Excellent Award under the 23rd      2021      China National
                                                                       China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                                                                                                     Administration
                        9     A method for realising wheel           Excellent Award under the 23rd      2022      China National
                                diameter calibration by satellite      China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                positioning                                                                          Administration
                        10    A method and device for online         Silver Award under the 24th China   2023      China National
                                fault detection of track circuit       Patent Award                                  Intellectual Property
                                cables                                                                               Administration
                        11    A method for implementing flexible Silver Award under the 24th China       2023      China National
                                train formation operation in urban     Patent Award                                  Intellectual Property
                                rail transit                                                                         Administration
                        12    Train coupling control method          Excellent Award under the 25nd      2024      China National
                                within the area controller             China Patent Award                            Intellectual Property
                                based on single train automatic                                                      Administration
                                protection




58    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



Recognition of the national specialised and sophisticated “ little giant”
enterprise and the Model Enterprise of the Manufacturing Industry

✓    Applicable            Not applicable


                                            Year of
Title awarded                               recognition   Name of products/name of companies


Single Champion Enterprise in the                         Complete sets of equipment for rail transit control
  Manufacturing Industry                    2020            system
Single Champion Enterprise in the                         Development and integration of complete sets of
  Manufacturing Industry                    2020            equipment for rail transportation control system
Single Champion Enterprise in the
  Manufacturing Industry                    2021          Rail transit signal infrastructure
Single Champion Enterprise in the
  Manufacturing Industry                    2021          Train operation control system
Single Champion Enterprise in the                         Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. (Railway Electric
  Manufacturing Industry                    2023            Junction Switch Equipment)
Single Champion Product in
  Manufacturing Industry                    2022          Railway signal relay
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”
  enterprise                                2022          Casco Signal (Beijing) Ltd.
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”
  enterprise                                2022          Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”
  enterprise                                2022          CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., LTD.
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”                            CRSC Communication & Information Group
  enterprise                                2023            Shanghai Company Ltd.
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”
  enterprise                                2024          Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
Single Champion Enterprise in the                         Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.
  Manufacturing Industry                    2025            (urban rail transit switch equipment)
National specialised and
  sophisticated “little giant”
  enterprise                                2025          Shanghai Railway Communication Co., Ltd.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      59
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                2.      Research and development achievements during the Reporting Period

                        During the Reporting Period, in terms of foundational and forward-looking research, the Company
                        completed the construction of a railway electromagnetic environment effect research and testing
                        platform, laying an important foundation for conducting pantograph-overhead line offline effect tests
                        and protection technology validation. The Company overcame the technical challenges of high-power
                        (high voltage, high current) simultaneous output and controllable multi-physical quantity pantograph
                        overhead line offline discharge technology, and built the first domestic 1:1 large-scale test platform.
                        Research was conducted on the electromagnetic characteristics and testing methods of pantograph
                        overhead line offline interference under power frequency high-voltage large current conditions, as well
                        as research on signal system anti-interference technology under the electromagnetic environment of
                        high-speed rail operating at 400 km/h. For high-speed maglev/low-vacuum tube (tunnel) high-speed
                        train operation control systems, dynamic levitation tests under low-vacuum conditions were conducted
                        for the first time internationally. The Company initiated research on superconducting high-speed
                        maglev trains and key studies, completing scenario plan reviews. The “Electromagnetic Environment
                        Effects and Electromagnetic Safety Railway Industry Engineering Research Centre” and the “High-
                        Speed Railway Operational Environment Intelligent Monitoring Railway Industry Engineering Research
                        Centre” were recognised by the National Railway Administration as railway industry technology
                        innovation bases. The Company conducted research on SIL4-level safety cloud platform technology
                        and completed the development of the core functions of virtualization software for the safety cloud
                        platform, and successfully passed DAKKS EN50129 SIL4 functional safety certification and IEC62443
                        SL3 industrial information security certification. The Company has established a large model sample
                        database for observation and balance perception, with over 100,000 open category target detection
                        datasets and more than 150,000 graphic datasets annotated with high quality. The Company achieved
                        the lightweight transformation of large-scale visual modules, with related algorithms forming a radar-
                        vision fusion perception mode, and successfully deployed at six railway stations including Harbin Station
                        and Guangzhou Jiangcun Station, with continuous optimisation and upgrades, enabling detection of
                        open-category targets and identification of target attributes and locations based on semantic prompt
                        information. A high-quality sample library for the large model was created, enabling functions such as
                        abnormal behaviour monitoring of station personnel, cross-scenario personnel trajectory analysis, and
                        large-scale lost item retrieval. This enhanced safety monitoring capabilities along the railway line and
                        within stations. Through intelligent video analysis technology, potential safety hazards were identified
                        in a timely manner, effectively reducing the incidence of safety accidents. Related products have been
                        deployed and applied at Kunming Station, Kunming South Station, Yabuli Station, Harbin Station, Harbin
                        West Station and others, receiving multiple user reports.


                        In terms of supporting overseas engineering projects, the China-Indonesia practical cooperation “flagship
                        project”, the Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway, equipped with the independent CTCS3 train control
                        system, has successfully become operational. This project laid a solid foundation for the operation of
                        China’s full high-speed rail system, all components, and the entire industrial chain overseas, serving
                        as an excellent demonstration for China’s railway signal standards going global. The full opening of all
                        stations along the Padma Bridge Railway, built through the cooperation between China and Bangladesh,
                        further highlighted China’s communication and signal solutions. The completion and acceptance of
                        the PCC control centre renovation project for Mexico City’s Lines 1-6, followed by its trial operation,
                        contributed to the safe and efficient operation of the Mexico City subway, showcasing China’s strength
                        in supporting the project. The completion of the Serbia laboratory supported the deployment of the ETCS




60    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



train control system ground equipment based on Baseline 3 on the Serbian section of the Budapest–
Belgrade railway. The Company completed DeBo certification for Serbian signal machines and INDUSI
responders, obtaining DeBo certification and applying the signal machines in Serbia. Additionally, DeBo
certification for level crossing control equipment and LED safety-type signal machines was completed
for Hungary, along with expanded DeBo certification for responders and station computer interlocking
equipment. MAV functional acceptance and on-site commissioning were completed for interlocking, CTC
and level crossing software. The train-mounted ETCS-400T system for five European countries completed
field tests for Germany’s Baseline 2 and Baseline 3 lines, obtaining new safety certificates and reports.
The ETCS-400T onboard equipment completed NoBo and AsBo assessments, as well as ETCS testing
on Serbian mainlines, meeting application conditions in Austria, Serbia, Turkey and other countries. The
completion of the Thailand laboratory, along with the development of computer interlocking and CTC
systems for the Thailand project, contributed to the SIL4 evaluation of Thailand’s interlocking equipment,
supporting the completion of factory acceptance tests for 29 stations and providing strong support for
the railway signal system renovation project in Thailand. The satellite-based mobile block train control
system secured a commercial contract for the Morébaya-Simandou Railway in Guinea and its branch
lines, marking another breakthrough for China’s railway technology and equipment in the international
market. The system features functions such as moving block, point-based backup, and heavy-haul
control. The Company successfully obtained the Bogota Metro Line 1 fully automated driverless (GoA4
level) operation scenario and system integration consulting project, further demonstrating its global
service capabilities. It also secured the Dubai Blue Line communication signal system integration
contract project, achieving a breakthrough in the Gulf market and injecting new momentum into the
global development of intelligent rail transit.


In supporting the country’s major strategic initiatives, the Company contributed to the “CR450
Technological Innovation Project,” proposing train control system solutions for two application scenarios:
The construction of high-speed railways with speeds over 400 km/h and the speed-up renovation of
existing high-speed rail lines. Key technological equipment was developed, and the interface type tests
for 400 km/h trains on the Wuhan-Yichang high-speed railway was completed, supporting the Chengdu-
Chongqing Central Line communication and signaling project and system integration innovation. In
the area of 30,000-ton heavy freight train group operation control technology, the Company completed
theoretical and technological innovations in coordinated train control and efficient station arrival/
departure operations. The Company also completed the construction of an off-site data collaboration
laboratory and a field testing centre, completed the second phase of testing, and conducted the world’s
first 35,000-tonne heavy-haul group train control system trial operation.


In the field of integrated multi-dimensional transportation systems, the Company developed a
coordinated operation technology framework for intercity/regional rail transit networks and an
autonomous regional rail transit integrated dispatching command and train operation control system,
developed a train autonomous operation control system supporting multi-standard interoperability,
along with a regional rail transit operation and service big data cloud platform, dynamic intelligent
timetable generation system, regional network integrated dispatching system, and intelligent passenger
service system, developed an integrated system equipment combining dispatching command and train
operation control, and completed experimental verification for the integrated operation of regional rail
transit networks. The Company also completed research on the C2+ATO train control onboard system
for suburban railways, and successfully launched operations on 27 December 2024, on the Shanghai
Suburban Railway Airport Link Line. Additionally, the Company won the signal system procurement




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         61
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        projects for the Shanghai Metro Suburban Jiamin Line, Demonstration Zone Line, and Nanhui Branch
                        Line. The Company designed the fully automated rail transit line with a speed of up to 100 km/h, the
                        Suzhou Metro Line 11, which was successfully launched and operated. This line seamlessly connects
                        with Shanghai Metro Line 11, creating a typical demonstration for further advancing inter-regional
                        integration of urban rail transit in China.


                        In promoting the development of industry technology in the railway sector, the Company completed
                        the design plan for typical high-speed railway signal system overhauls and renovation projects. It also
                        developed the health assessment standard system for key signal system equipment and the health
                        assessment plan, as well as the integrated implementation plan for typical high-speed railway signal
                        system overhauls and renovations. Additionally, the Company completed the performance enhancement
                        technology plan for high-speed railway train control systems, laying the foundation for guiding future
                        high-speed rail overhaul and renovation projects. The Company Completed the development of a digital
                        twin design platform for four-electrical systems and demonstrated its application at the Kaiyuan South
                        Station under Chengdu Railway Bureau, achieved on-site demonstration of the “trinity” digital design
                        for urban rail at Beijing Metro Line 5’s Datunlu East to Beiyuan North sections, and implemented the
                        design-construction workflow demonstration for Mayang Station under Guangzhou Railway Bureau.
                        The C3 train control intelligent analysis system was successfully developed, enabling the full-chain
                        monitoring data and intelligent diagnostics of the “train-network-ground” C3 train control system,
                        with a successful demonstration application. The Company developed 5G-R compatible train control
                        equipment and completed field trials on the Hefei-Anqing Line. The Company also completed the field
                        demonstrations for the new train control system based on BeiDou satellite positioning. with the digital
                        integrated management technology for freight yards entering trial operation at Zhengzhou International
                        Land Port. It initiated the demonstration application of a cloud-based two-layer train control system
                        based on trackside digital intelligence in regional railways. The Company developed the integrated
                        management and control system for passenger transport hubs, constructing “three platforms” for
                        centralised scheduling, comprehensive sharing, and new technology applications. It achieved five
                        intelligent functions: Train operation organisation, shunter operation, passenger transport operations,
                        maintenance operations, and emergency handling. The Company deployed research on key 5G-R
                        technology for rail transit, developing a prototype device based on full-service 5G CIR functionality
                        and creating a lightweight 5G base station. Demonstrations were carried out at Chengdu North Station.
                        The development of the 400MHz train digital wireless dispatch communication system was completed,
                        meeting the conditions for promotion in the national railway market. We have conducted research
                        and development on key intelligent technologies and equipment for marshalling yards, successfully
                        developing a prototype and launching field trials. Additionally, we designed the module architecture
                        and core functionalities of the Video Network Fusion Analysis Platform, completing the development
                        and packaging of general algorithms and deploying the system on-site. Our efforts in integrated
                        video surveillance systems have led to containerized video solutions, successfully validated through
                        performance testing. The new-standard railway integrated video surveillance system became the first
                        to pass CRCC certification and has been deployed in key national railway projects, including core node
                        upgrades for China Railway Group, as well as the regional node upgrades of Beijing, Shanghai and
                        Guangzhou bureaus, Tianjin-Qinhuangdao video, Shantou-Shanwei video, Chizhou-Huangshan video,
                        Ganzhou-Shenzhen video, Guangzhou-Shantou video, Guiyang-Guangzhou railway transformation,
                        Huzhou-Hangzhou video, and Dali-Baoshan video. These implementations have enabled the integration
                        of video cloud platforms with 3D video, providing enhanced global monitoring capabilities and more
                        dynamic scene visualization, continuously leading the industry in application innovation. The Company




62    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



conducted research on a general-purpose basic framework for video, completed a joint project with
China Railway Group, and completed a network flattening design suitable for railway scenarios, thereby
improving the level of information security transmission for video and obtaining 35114C-level certification
issued by the First Research Institute of the Ministry of Public Security. It developed railway intelligent
application scenarios including a digital-intelligent video core platform, video semantic extraction
platform, resource localisation sharing system, PHM system framework prototype, and intelligent video
interaction system. It also conducted research on 5G-R networks and terminal data management
systems, which have been put into use on the Hefei-Xinyi High-Speed Railway. Furthermore, we
developed an intelligent railway communication equipment room management system, integrating
smart perception, digital twin technology, and data visualization. This system has been successfully
implemented at Meilong High-Speed Railway’s Wuhua Station and Xinning South Station. We also
pioneered the BIM-based industrialized construction technology for railway communication and signaling
projects. This approach was successfully applied at Ningguo South Station on the Xuanji Railway,
where prefabricated components were assembled on-site. The system passed rigorous third-party
inspections–including six tests for signalling and four for communication– along with functional testing
led by the China Academy of Railway Sciences. This ensured the station’s smooth approval through
initial assessment, static acceptance, dynamic acceptance, and official commissioning. Additionally, we
hosted an industry exchange session on high-speed railway communication and signalling prefabrication
technology, organized by the Engineering Management Centre of China Railway Group, further driving
innovation and technological advancement in the sector.


In promoting the construction of intelligent urban rail, the Company unveiled its groundbreaking
“Xihe” digital urban rail solution, focusing on enhancing operational safety and resilience. Based
on the independently developed open digital foundation for rail transit and scalable signal control
professional models, the Company has built two major platforms: Intelligent operation control and
intelligent maintenance. These platforms integrate a series of intelligent application products to
support the industry’s digital and intelligent transformation and upgrading. The high-reliability train-to-
train communication and highly trusted train-to-ground collaboration-based high-efficiency Qiji train
autonomous control system (TACS) commenced passenger service on Shanghai Metro Lines 3/4 on 27
December 2025, marking China’s first TACS application in high-passenger-density lines and opening a
new chapter for the industry’s most complex metro signal system upgrade and renovation. The Company
completed the TACS onboard and existing communications-based train control (CBTC) compatibility
field verification tests, confirming the feasibility of interoperating trains on CBTC and TACS lines,
expanding new possibilities for the application of multi-mode train control systems, and providing a
new solution for large-scale urban rail transit signal system overhauls. This development is of milestone
significance for promoting the industry’s sustainable development. The Company has also completed
the autonomous environmental perception TAPS system for driverless trains, featuring extended
detection range and richer perception data, successfully launched on Ningbo Metro Line 7 on 29 August
2025, leading technological innovation in the industry. It has pioneered research on key technologies for
fully automated flexible train shunting, breaking through traditional operational organisation models in
train control systems, and contributing to energy-saving and carbon reduction. The system was put into
passenger service on Beijing Metro Line 12, leading innovation in green, low-carbon urban rail transit
technologies. The “Multi-Mode Compatible Signal System for Network Integration” was successfully
deployed on Changchun Metro Line 4. Through the evaluation by the China Association of Metros on
technological achievements, this system extended the existing line, which uses a digital track circuit
signal system, with CBTC systems for the extended line. The system’s compatibility devices met the full-




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         63
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        line operational requirements. The Company independently developed a new generation of networked
                        intelligent train control system (NiTC), which obtained SIL4-class product certification. This system
                        integrates the core functions of the TACS system while maintaining the traditional degradation backup
                        mode. The system has completed field trials on the test line of CRCC Changchun Railway Vehicles
                        Co., Ltd. and delivered to the pilot section in Hefei S1. The Company completed the research on
                        signal control and transportation organisation schemes for urban rail transit under complex and harsh
                        environments. It designed a multi-level braking rate parameter protection adjustment and train operation
                        organisation scheme suitable for complex environments, applying AI-based algorithms to dynamically
                        identify parameters in different complex environments. The SIL4-level snow and rain functional module
                        was developed and certified, expanding the safety protection boundaries of the signal system. The
                        Company is developing a two-level architecture urban train control system based on trackside digital
                        intelligence, completing the logic centralised deployment system (LCS) migration, forming a system
                        prototype, and carrying out on-site testing of the complete system. The Company won the bid for
                        the Riyadh Monorail signaling system project in Saudi Arabia, marking the first overseas deployment
                        of the independently developed FAO system. The urban rail transit video surveillance system the
                        Company developed has been applied in Changchun Metro Line 6. The Company assisted in the official
                        upgrade of Shanghai Metro Line 2 to become the world’s first metro line with a “dual signal system”.
                        The CBTC+TBTC “dual signal system” will significantly enhance the system’s intelligence and safety,
                        achieving a “zero” breakthrough in the seamless renovation of the entire line for continuous operation
                        during peak passenger flows. The Company successfully completed the first-flight scenario verification
                        for the UAV AI inspection and emergency command system, achieving multi-drone collaborative high-
                        efficiency inspections, intelligent monitoring of foreign object encroachment, and system integration for
                        coordinated control. This has created new capabilities for building intelligent transportation solutions
                        from the ground to low altitude. The “Full-Space Intelligent Perception Inspection System” has been
                        successfully selected as one of the “Top Ten Benchmark Demonstration Scenarios in Anhui Province for
                        2024 (2024年度安徽省十大標杆示範場景)”, further deepening the integration of “low-altitude economy
                        + rail transit” demonstration scenarios. The Company conducted industry application research on
                        comprehensive domain-wide perception based on multi-source data fusion, completed breakthroughs
                        in artificial intelligence analysis technology for multi-source data fusion and massive IoT technology,
                        overcame technical bottlenecks in the access and management of massive heterogeneous devices
                        across multiple environments and protocols, achieved stable connectivity and efficient data access for
                        hundreds of thousands of devices, and deployed applications in comprehensive perception projects
                        such as Eryuan in Dali, Gejiu in Honghe, and Shuhe Ancient Town in Lijiang.


                        In terms of basic equipment and materials development, the full electronic interlocking equipment
                        software and system integration passed CURC certification, obtaining the first Urban Rail Transit
                        Equipment Certification in the industry. This marked the first breakthrough in full electronic interlocking
                        for urban rail transit sector qualification and industry recognition. The Company completed the system
                        testing and confirmation of the station digital track circuit and obtained SIL4 safety certification. It has
                        been put into operation at Dalongcun Station and Mengyuan Station. The Company also completed the
                        trial use of locomotive onboard relays and received an operational report. The development and trial
                        use of onboard relays were completed, passing third-party IEC standard-type testing and obtaining
                        the mandatory guidance certificate. The Company successfully developed a high-frequency digital
                        AC power supply module and completed the prototype testing for the lightweight power system,
                        including standard temperature and high/low-temperature tests, and established small-batch trial
                        production capabilities. The development of long-distance information transmission axle counting




64    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



equipment was completed, and the relay-type station axle counting equipment obtained SIL4 safety
certification. The Company also completed the development of axle counting and track circuit shared
cable transmission equipment, which obtained SIL4 safety certification. Additionally, the ZPW-2000
section track circuit outdoor monitoring system (split-type), junction switch intelligent diagnostic system,
junction rail breakage monitoring system, electromagnetic heating junction snow-melting system,
associated DC four-wire dual-electric switch machine control circuits (ZD9 type), AC dual-machine
parallel ZDJ9 switch machine and the ZDJ9 switch machine full-stroke monitoring system underwent
trial tests and were promoted for application. The safety-type LED signal machine obtained certification
in Serbia, completing the first evaluation. The trial use at the southern section of Baotou North Station
was successfully completed, passing the trial assessment. It completed the first batch of deliveries of
the switch machine for the Tanzania project, improved the sealing performance of the JM-type close
inspection device; achieved independent networking of the QJY notch monitoring system, completed
the expansion function design of the notch monitoring system, and realised oil pressure, oil level, and
current monitoring functions; the long-distance information transmission type axle counting device
obtained the SIL4 safety assessment certificate, passed the CRCC certification, and is ready for small-
scale trial production.


Regarding the Company’s core technologies and main products, the newly applied patents during the
year increased by 1,561, including 1,435 applied invention patents; newly authorised patents increased
by 815, including 693 invention patents. The invention “Train Coupling Control Method within an Area
Controller Based on Single Train Automatic Protection” also won the Excellence Award at the 25th
China Patent Awards. The Company-led projects “Research and Application of Big Data Intelligent
Service Platform for Heavy Haul Railway Transportation” and “Research on Key Technologies of Multi-
system Integrated Track Circuit Safety Perception and Application of Complete Equipment” won the First
Prize at the China Communication and Transportation Association Science and Technology Awards;
“Key Technologies and Applications of Autonomous Train Operation” was awarded the First Prize of
Outstanding Research Achievements by the Ministry of Education; the Company-led “CRSC Air Traffic
Surveillance and Protection System” secured first place in the “Low, Slow, Small” Countermeasure Sub-
Competition of the Armed Police Force Equipment Department’s Zhiwei Cup-2025 Unmanned System
Challenge; the participated projects “Research and Application of Key Technologies for Safety-Trusted
Testing of Rail Transit Control Systems” and “Comprehensive Evaluation System and Key Technologies
for the Fitness-for-Duty Status of Commercial Vehicle and Vessel Operators” also received the First
Prize at the China Communication and Transportation Association Science and Technology Awards. The
Company has undertaken 18 national-level projects supported by ministries and 20 projects supported
by industry authorities, as well as more than 50 national and industry-level standard formulation tasks.
One expert received the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) “IEC 1906 Award in 2023”,
and six international standards, led by the Company, were officially published. As the host organisation
of the authoritative journal in the rail transit control industry, Railway Signalling & Communication
Engineering, the Company regularly publish research and application results in authoritative industry
journals, including Railway Signalling and Communication, hosted by China Railway, and Journal of the
China Railway Society and Railway Signalling and Communication Engineering Technology, both hosted
by the China Railway Society. In April 2025, the Company officially established the Communications and
Signalling Subcommittee of the Standardisation Technical Committee of the China Urban Rail Transit




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         65
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        Association (中國城市軌道交通協會標準化技術委員會通信信號分技術委員, CAMET/TC/SC15, hereinafter
                        referred to as the “Communications and Signalling Subcommittee”), which will leverage the advantages
                        of group standards to provide a solid foundation for standardisation in the field of communications and
                        signalling for urban rail transit in China, and to realise “smart urban rail transit”, “green urban rail transit”,
                        “integrated urban rail transit”and “domestic innovation urban rail transit”.


                        List of intellectual property rights obtained during the Reporting Period


                                                                 Increase for the year                   Accumulative number
                                                               Number of           Number of            Number of           Number of
                                                             applications           approvals        applications            approvals


                        Invention patent                             1,435                 693                8,316               3,873
                        Utility model patent                           118                 110                3,062               2,001
                        Design patent                                     8                  12                 205                 158
                        Software copyright                             315                 311                3,009               2,865
                        Others                                            0                   0                   4                    4


                        Total                                        1,876               1,126              14,596                8,901




66    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



3.   Research and development investment

                                                                               Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                      This year          Last year      Change range (%)


     Expensed research and
       development expenditure                  2,005,663,654.64   1,912,373,179.29                   4.88
     Capitalised research and
       development expenditure                   236,717,960.73     125,814,389.08                  88.15
     Total research and development
       investment                               2,242,381,615.37   2,038,187,568.37                 10.02
     Percentage of total research and
       development expenditure in                                                        Increased by 0.21
       revenue (%)                                          6.49               6.28      percentage point
     Percentage of capitalised research                                                  Increased by 4.39
       and development expenditure (%)                    10.56                6.17     percentage points

     Reasons for the material change in total research and development investment as compared to last year


          Applicable       ✓   Not applicable


     Reasons for the material change in percentage of capitalised research and development expenditure
     and its rationality


          Applicable       ✓   Not applicable




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025     67
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                           4.             Projects under development

                                          ✓     Applicable                   Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                          Unit: ’0,000 Yuan               Currency: RMB


                                                               Investment    Cumulative
                                          Estimated total   amount in the     investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
     No     Name of Project                   investment    current period       amount achievements                            Intended goal                Technical level                  prospects


     1      Research and development           18,858.06         4,067.06      16,589.29 The intelligent CTC system             To complete the research     The new generation of            It can be applied to
            of a new generation of                                                        featuring functions such as           and development of a new centralised traffic control          railway
            centralised traffic control                                                   automatic timetable adjustment,       generation of centralised    system adopts the principle
            system                                                                        integrated train dispatching and      traffic control system and   of intelligent decentralised
                                                                                          power regulation, and disaster        apply it in engineering      and self discipline design
                                                                                          monitoring has been successfully practice.                         to realise the unified control
                                                                                          demonstrated on the Beijing-                                       of train and shunting
                                                                                          Shanghai High-Speed Railway.                                       operation, and realise the
                                                                                          A dispatch emergency decision                                      safety management and
                                                                                          support system was developed,                                      card control of station level
                                                                                          integrating various information                                    operation. The technology
                                                                                          including CTC station displays,                                    has reached domestically
                                                                                          train schedules, and dispatching                                   leading standards.
                                                                                          orders, achieving intelligent fault
                                                                                          identification, rapid regulation
                                                                                          queries, automated handling
                                                                                          procedures, and controlled key
                                                                                          steps, which has been piloted
                                                                                          at Jinan Bureau. The smart hub
                                                                                          system based on the CTC3.0
                                                                                          system for major stations has
                                                                                          been further extended to key
                                                                                          hubs including Jinan EMU Depot,
                                                                                          Dalang Passenger Depot, Hankou
                                                                                          Station, and Zhengzhou East
                                                                                          Station.




68        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                    ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Investment    Cumulative
                                    Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                               Specific application
No   Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                 Technical level             prospects


2    Research and application            25,000.00         6,650.97     21,781.36 China Shenhua’s heavy-haul train Aiming at the development Based on China’s high-                It can be applied to
     of high-density automatic                                                      formation operation control system needs of heavy-haul             speed rail control and      the domestic heavy-
     operation control technology                                                   successfully completed Phase II      railways to breakthrough      autonomous driving          haul railways
     for ad-hoc network of heavy-                                                   trials, marking the first successful capacity limits through       technology, the project
     haul trains                                                                    operation test of a 35,000-ton       group operation, theoretical aims to improve the
                                                                                    heavy-haul formation train control technical objectives, system efficiency and safety
                                                                                    system.                              equipment objectives, and of heavy-haul freight
                                                                                                                         application demonstration     rail transportation. The
                                                                                                                         objectives have been set.     technology has reached
                                                                                                                         Ultimately, the engineering the domestic leading level.
                                                                                                                         demonstration was
                                                                                                                         completed, achieving the
                                                                                                                         operation of a 35,000-tonne
                                                                                                                         group train, and supporting
                                                                                                                         the application of related
                                                                                                                         positioning technologies.


3    Development of train fully          34,776.96         6,666.08     30,761.49 The system has been put                To assemble the train fully   It completed the            It can be applied to
     autonomous operation and                                                       Into commercial operation            autonomous operation and development of the               urban rail transit
     control system                                                                 On Shenzhen Metro Line 20,           operation system.             first Train Autonomous
                                                                                    Becoming the first TACS system                                     Circumambulate System
                                                                                    In the industry to operate                                         (TACS system) based
                                                                                    commercially.                                                      on vehicle-to-vehicle
                                                                                                                                                       communication in China,
                                                                                    It has officially commenced                                        which has reached the
                                                                                    passenger operations on Shanghai                                   advanced level in the
                                                                                    Metro Lines 3/4 on 27 December,                                    world.
                                                                                    marking China’s first TACS
                                                                                    retrofit project and the inaugural
                                                                                    application of TACS systems in
                                                                                    high-capacity, high-density rail
                                                                                    lines.




                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                   69
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                          Intended goal                Technical level                 prospects


     4      Basic technology research           25,000.00         5,930.66     23,143.54 The station digital track circuit    To complete the fundamental The research aims to             It can be applied to
                                                                                           and related supporting tools has   and deep-level scientific    improve the safety and          the field of railway
                                                                                           been Completed and the SIL4        mechanism research           reliability of rail side signal and urban rail transit
                                                                                           certification was passed, along    on lightning protection      equipment of railway and
                                                                                           with system testing confirmation   and electromagnetic          develop digital track circuit
                                                                                           and on-site testing. Dalongcun     compatibility of signal      and railway safety signal
                                                                                           Station and Mengyuan Station       products in complex          display equipment, which
                                                                                           have been opened. The safety       environment to provide       has reached the leading
                                                                                           type LED signal machine received scientific basis for           level in the industry.
                                                                                           certification in Serbia and its first subsequent product
                                                                                           evaluation was completed.          research and development.


     5      Integrated development               3,148.00           177.84      2,517.42 Completed NoBo and AsBo              To develop ETCS onboard      It meets the B3R2               It can be applied
            and certification of onboard                                                   assessments for the ETCS-400T      system applicable to the     technical standard of the       in the railways
            systems in five European                                                       onboard equipment, finalized       operation requirements of    highest version of ETCS         in five European
            nations                                                                        ETCS mainline testing in Serbia,   five European nations, and baseline 3, supports              nations (Germany,
                                                                                           and achieved operational           complete safety certification, E2 and E1 operation           Austria, Switzerland,
                                                                                           readiness for deployment in        NoBo certification and       levels, meets the local         Hungary, Slovakia)
                                                                                           Austria, Serbia, Turkey, and other DeBo certification, so as    functional requirements
                                                                                           countries.                         to support the promotion     of five European nations
                                                                                                                              and application of our       and the non-stop
                                                                                                                              ETCS onboard products in operation requirements
                                                                                                                              European core markets.       of transnational
                                                                                                                                                           interconnection, and
                                                                                                                                                           boasts the world-class
                                                                                                                                                           level.




70        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                  ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                       Investment    Cumulative
                                  Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                             Specific application
No   Name of Project                  investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal               Technical level              prospects


6    Development and                   10,864.84         1,294.49      9,812.32 Completed commissioning               To realise the condition    The proposed digital         It can be applied to
     application of intelligent                                                   and trial operation of Shanghai     maintenance based on        operation and maintenance the field of railway
     subway operation and                                                         Metro Longde Road Operation         intelligent operation and   theory of the whole          and urban rail transit
     maintenance                                                                  and Maintenance Center,             maintenance system,         life cycle of train
                                                                                  meeting operational readiness       comprehensively improve     control system, adopts
                                                                                  requirements. Leveraging the        equipment reliability,      technologies such as
                                                                                  digital foundation, released        prolong equipment service train control multi-source
                                                                                  Intelligent Operation and           life, greatly improve       digital perception, multi
                                                                                  Maintenance Platform V2.0.0,        maintenance efficiency and engine intelligent analysis
                                                                                  establishing a platform-based and greatly save labour cost.     and diagnosis, and health
                                                                                  configurable system generation                                  management based on
                                                                                  upgrade. Key developments                                       cloud platform, which
                                                                                  include automated inspection                                    are at domestically and
                                                                                  replacement, maintenance                                        internationally leading
                                                                                  operation supervision and                                       level.
                                                                                  control, proactive maintenance
                                                                                  handling based on operational
                                                                                  impact analysis, and panoramic
                                                                                  operation and maintenance
                                                                                  cockpit functions, driving the
                                                                                  transformation towards condition-
                                                                                  based equipment maintenance
                                                                                  models.




                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025                     71
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                               Investment    Cumulative
                                          Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                      Specific application
     No     Name of Project                   investment    current period      amount achievements                             Intended goal                  Technical level                  prospects


     7      Development of rail side           14,000.00         1,446.34     12,012.56 The system was released, and            We have achieved the safe As the direct control unit of It can be applied to
            target controller                                                             applied into Shenzhen Metro Line drive and collection of             rail side signal equipment, the field of railway
                                                                                          20.                                   trackside signal equipment the target controller adopts and urban rail transit
                                                                                                                                (including turnouts, signal    the architecture of double
                                                                                          For the Baoshan Road renovation machines, track circuits,            two out of two, which has
                                                                                          project on Shanghai Metro             code-encoded equipment, the characteristics of high
                                                                                          Lines 3/4, the development and        and miscellaneous              safety, high reliability,
                                                                                          deployment of the supporting          equipment), creating a         high integration and
                                                                                          target controller system were         rail side intelligent target   intelligence, and greatly
                                                                                          completed. It added the slow-         controller, and adapted        reduces the workload of
                                                                                          release function for the new          various control systems        installation, commissioning
                                                                                          signal machine module, which          based on the application       and maintenance. The
                                                                                          has been deployed on the              scenarios.                     electronic module can be
                                                                                          Neijiang-Liupanshui Line, and                                        flexibly applied to each
                                                                                          completed the integration of the                                     signal system.
                                                                                          switch monitoring and acquisition
                                                                                          module ACS, planned for use on
                                                                                          the Shanghai Chongming Line. It
                                                                                          optimised product functionalities
                                                                                          based on field feedback from
                                                                                          Guiyang South/Shengang and
                                                                                          finalised discussions on the target
                                                                                          controller solution for Phase II of
                                                                                          Shenzhen Metro Line 20.


     8      Research on high-speed              6,525.00           460.80      5,912.76 The project is researching a            To establish the train control It filled the blankness in the It can be applied to
            maglev/low vacuum pipeline                                                    low-vacuum tube tunnel high-          system and equipment           rail transportation system       high-speed maglev.
            (tunnel) high-speed train                                                     speed maglev control system and with proprietary intellectual with a speed of 600-1,000
            operation control system                                                      equipment, and has completed          property rights and            km/hour, which is the first in
            and production of equipment                                                   dynamic suspension tests on the supporting high-speed                China at an internationally
                                                                                          Datong Yanggao test line in Shanxi maglev with a speed of 600 leading level.
                                                                                          Province. It has also completed the km/hour and low- vacuum
                                                                                          world’s first dynamic suspension      pipeline (tunnel) high-speed
                                                                                          test under low-vacuum conditions, train with a speed of 1,000
                                                                                          and completed the laboratory          km/hour.
                                                                                          renovation for the high-speed
                                                                                          maglev control system.




72        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                   ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                        Investment    Cumulative
                                   Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
No   Name of Project                   investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                  Technical level                prospects


9    Development of interlock            1,412.30           200.00      1,181.73 Completed the development              To complete the                The interlock equipment        It will be applied in
     equipment in Thailand                                                         and test on interlock equipment      development of interlock       in Thailand developed          railway projects in
                                                                                   and projects in Thailand and         equipment applicable to        has outstanding operation      Thailand
                                                                                   obtained the safety authentication Thailand and obtain the          performance with
                                                                                   certificate.                         SIL4 safety authentication     excellent electromagnetic
                                                                                                                        certificate. It will be applied compatibility and lightning
                                                                                                                        in railway projects in         protection performances.
                                                                                                                        Thailand.                      With a reasonable design
                                                                                                                                                       on the structure of the
                                                                                                                                                       application software, it is
                                                                                                                                                       conducive to expansion
                                                                                                                                                       and realising its functions.


10   Development of autonomous           5,987.66         1,645.43      5,156.16 Completed the full-process             To achieve perception and It utilises obstacle                It can be applied to
     perception system of trains                                                   development of TAPS and              protection of obstacles along detection devices such as       the field of urban rail
                                                                                   obtained ISA certification.          railway tracks, assist in      laser radars to detect trains transit
                                                                                                                        train safety operations, and ahead and identify signal
                                                                                   Ningbo Metro Line 7 was              provide manual intervention lights in advance, ensuring
                                                                                   successfully opened on 29            functions for dispatchers.     safe railway operations
                                                                                   August 2025, featuring enhanced                                     and maintaining industry-
                                                                                   recognition distance and richer                                     leading standards.
                                                                                   perception capabilities. Continued
                                                                                   promotion of the TAPS system,
                                                                                   securing contracts for Dubai and
                                                                                   Shenzhen regional projects.




                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                         73
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                 Technical level               prospects


     11     Research and application             6,350.00           782.32      5,734.57 To complete the research on           To complete the research on It laid solid safety            It can be applied in
            of train control systems for                                                   integrated key technology for the integrated key technology       foundations for the           the fields of normal-
            Zhunchi Railway                                                                BDS-based train control system      for the BDS-based train       construction of intelligent   speed railways,
                                                                                           for normal railways; to complete    control system for normal     heavy-haul railways,          heavy- haul railways
                                                                                           the R&D of on-board and ground railways; to complete the          developed a set of BDS        and local railways for
                                                                                           equipment for train control systems R&D of on-board and ground based train control systems special uses
                                                                                           of heavy-haul railways and civil    equipment for train control for heavy-haul railways
                                                                                           defence systems and equipment       systems of heavy-haul         with easy implementation
                                                                                           for on-road operation. The on-site railways and civil defines     and renovation and low
                                                                                           trial of Zhunchi Railway has been systems and equipment           cost and reliance by fully
                                                                                           completed and on-site trials are    for on-road operation; to     leveraging on the basis of
                                                                                           prepared to be conducted.           complete on-site trials of    existing signal equipment
                                                                                                                               Zhunchi Railway.              andmetthedema
                                                                                                                                                             n d s f o r application and
                                                                                                                                                             interconnection in projects
                                                                                                                                                             with a leading level in the
                                                                                                                                                             industry.




74        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                            ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                 Investment    Cumulative
                            Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                               Specific application
No   Name of Project            investment    current period      amount achievements                         Intended goal                Technical level                 prospects


12   Train Control System         2,000.00           200.35        681.38 Completed the release of draft      To develop the overall       In light of the problems        For use in Western
     Research of Western                                                    standards for public consultation, technical program,          and challenges of               Railway
     Railway                                                                including the General Technical   system architecture and      reliable communication,
                                                                            Specifications for Railway        key technical program of     operation control,
                                                                            Train Control Systems, among      communication and signal     equipment maintenance,
                                                                            10 standards, and developed       system with high reliability, disaster perception and
                                                                            prototype models for 5 products   low maintenance and          decision-making of the
                                                                            such as onboard ATP, ATO, and     comprehensive safety for     communication signal
                                                                            TSRS through adaptive R&D.        Western Railway.             system caused by the
                                                                                                                                           extremely complex
                                                                                                                                           working conditions of
                                                                                                                                           the Western Railway, it
                                                                                                                                           develops the high reliability
                                                                                                                                           technology of trackside
                                                                                                                                           equipment under extreme
                                                                                                                                           application conditions, the
                                                                                                                                           construction of efficient
                                                                                                                                           and safe braking model
                                                                                                                                           with multiple complex
                                                                                                                                           factors and automatic
                                                                                                                                           driving technology,
                                                                                                                                           disaster holographic
                                                                                                                                           perception technology,
                                                                                                                                           multilevel redundancy and
                                                                                                                                           high toughness mobile
                                                                                                                                           communication technology
                                                                                                                                           emergency monitoring,
                                                                                                                                           dispatching and command
                                                                                                                                           with comprehensive linkage
                                                                                                                                           of multiple disciplines and
                                                                                                                                           other key technologies.




                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025                       75
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                  Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                  Technical level                prospects


     13     Research on train control            1,367.00            84.15      1,215.70 The research report on the overall To study solutions on train       It achieved breakthroughs      It can be applied in
            systems of high-speed rail                                                     plan of the train control system    control systems under          in the difficulty on safety    high-speed rail with
            with higher speed                                                              for higher speeds, software         two application scenarios,     control and equipment          a speed of over 400
                                                                                           and PVI of ground and onboard       namely the construction of     reliability in the high-speed km/h
                                                                                           equipment, and adaptability of      new high-speed rail with       operation supported with
                                                                                           switch conversion equipment has a speed of over 400 km/            the existing C3 system
                                                                                           been formed. The development of h and the speed increase           with a speed of 450 km/h
                                                                                           the large-size responder prototype and transformation of           and further diversified and
                                                                                           and the study on the impact of      existing high-speed rail with expanded the basic theory
                                                                                           electromagnetic environments        outstanding conditions, and of train control technology
                                                                                           on the control system have been     to develop key technology      and engineering practice
                                                                                           completed, along with system        and equipment.                 experience in high-speed
                                                                                           laboratory verification. The                                       rail in China with a leading
                                                                                           system laboratory verification                                     level in the industry.
                                                                                           has been completed, and the
                                                                                           CR450 onboard system has been
                                                                                           released, and conducted interface
                                                                                           type tests for 400 km/h trains on
                                                                                           the Wuhan-Yichang high-speed
                                                                                           railway.


     14     Research on digital control          3,000.00           492.04      2,927.50 The solution research and             To set up digital control      It improved the automatic      It can be applied in
            technology for freight yards                                                   equipment development have          systems on freight yards with and intelligent operation       the field of freight
                                                                                           been completed. An on-site          intelligent equipment, digital of loading and unloading       railways
                                                                                           application demonstration was       business, information-based equipment at the front
                                                                                           conducted at the Mohan freight      operation and integrated       of wharfs, horizontal
                                                                                           yard of the China-Laos Railway,     control to assist in freight   transportation vehicles,
                                                                                           and an application certification    and production at railway      loading and unloading
                                                                                           has been obtained.                  stations, the improvement      machinery at yards and
                                                                                                                               of operational efficiency,     other key equipment and
                                                                                                                               the standardisation of         improved the efficiency
                                                                                                                               basic management and           of reloading operation of
                                                                                                                               the enhancement of safety goods at the wharf.
                                                                                                                               guarantee.




76        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                   ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                        Investment    Cumulative
                                   Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
No   Name of Project                   investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                    Technical level               prospects


15   New-generation network             13,200.00         1,508.44     10,426.41 Overall technical plan on the new- To conduct independent              While achieving high-         It can be applied
     based and intelligent train                                                   generation network-based and        innovation in the network-       efficient operation through   to CBTC, FAO and
     control system                                                                intelligent train control system    based train control              the adoption of the           other new and
                                                                                   was completed, R&D and indoor       systems for urban rail           simplified systems and        renovated lines in
                                                                                   testing of sample machines          transit based on the new-        structures, it retained       urban rail transit
                                                                                   with key technical principle        generation communications the complete degrading
                                                                                   of high-performance reaction        and artificial intelligence      model, innovated the
                                                                                   were completed and the field        technology with the focus on preparation, adjustment
                                                                                   test of the key technology for      the strategy on the building and simulation of the
                                                                                   high- performance reaction was      of national strength in          network-level operation
                                                                                   completed. The highest SIL4 safety transportation. To innovate plan, the automatic linkage
                                                                                   certification has been obtained,    the flexible formation, the      of emergency proposals
                                                                                   integrating the core functions      re-fined resources control, on train dispatch, the
                                                                                   of the TACS system, including       the intelligent transportation resources refinement and
                                                                                   reverse capability, while retaining organisation based on            coordinate control of on-
                                                                                   the traditional degradation backup traffic demand and the            board active routes, the
                                                                                   mode. The system completed the multi-dimensional data                control on energy-saving
                                                                                   development and certification       analysis theories, achieve       operation, the decisions
                                                                                   of TACS engineering prototype,      breakthroughs in intensive       on active repair alarming
                                                                                   conducted field tests on CRRC’s     system and structures,           and other advanced rail
                                                                                   test line, and achieved full-       high- performance                transit technologies and
                                                                                   function TACS verification in the   reaction, intelligent train      develop an efficient and
                                                                                   engineering demonstration section control, smart dispatching, intensive urban rail transit
                                                                                   of Hefei S1 Line.                   intelligent operation and        signal system towards
                                                                                                                       maintenance as well as           green and intelligent
                                                                                                                       other key technologies,          urban rail transit. Core
                                                                                                                       promote the network-based, technologies can achieve
                                                                                                                       intelligent, green, digital and integrated application
                                                                                                                       rapid development of urban with existing systems with
                                                                                                                       rail transit and improve         the technology reaching
                                                                                                                       the dispatch, command            the advanced level in the
                                                                                                                       and emergency response           world.
                                                                                                                       capability and the intelligent
                                                                                                                       dispatch, operation and
                                                                                                                       maintenance of urban rail
                                                                                                                       transit.




                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025                     77
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                 Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal               Technical level                 prospects


     16     As-frequent-as-buses and             7,572.47         1,411.91      5,885.01 The suburban railway airport link      To achieve the self-        It can establish analysis       It can be applied
            networking train dispatching                                                   has obtained the project-level       organised dispatching,      models on the travelling        in the field of urban
            system for urban railways                                                      third-party safety certification.    interoperable and           network of passenger            railways
                                                                                           The suburban railway airport link    optimised dispatching,      flows and their evolution
                                                                                           began its initial operations on 27   multilayered active and     mechanism as well as
                                                                                           December 2024.                       coordinated dispatching     analysis models on
                                                                                                                                as well as emergency        disturbance correlation and
                                                                                           The Company successfully signed linkage and dispatching of passenger flow coupling
                                                                                           contracts for the procurement of     networking trains for extra- and mutual feedback
                                                                                           signal systems for the Shanghai      large urban railways; to    mechanism under network-
                                                                                           Rail Transit Municipal Jiamin Line, improve the emergency        based operation. For
                                                                                           Demonstration Area Line, and         response efficiency and     different levels of operation
                                                                                           Nanhui Branch Line.                  the emergency handling      disturbances of network,
                                                                                                                                capacity in scheduling and it can establish models
                                                                                                                                command and guarantee       on the adjustment of
                                                                                                                                the operation safety and    operation plans based on
                                                                                                                                efficiency of extra-large   active control as well as
                                                                                                                                networking urban railways. automatic matching models
                                                                                                                                                            and algorithm at the bottom
                                                                                                                                                            of trains to rapidly solve
                                                                                                                                                            and generate scheduling
                                                                                                                                                            adjustment plans with
                                                                                                                                                            high optimisation and
                                                                                                                                                            availability. The technology
                                                                                                                                                            will reach the domestic
                                                                                                                                                            leading level.




78        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                    ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Investment    Cumulative
                                    Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
No   Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                             Intended goal                  Technical level               prospects


17   Comprehensive automation             8,342.75         1,301.80      3,708.10 The intelligent operation control       To build multidisciplinary,    It can accurately track the   It can be applied to
     system on the operation of                                                     system based on the Zhixing           integrated and coordinated location and operation            urban rail transit
     urban rail transit for train                                                   platform has achieved cross-          engines with train traffic as conditions of trains in
     traffic control                                                                disciplinary coordination             the core and achieve the       a real-time manner by
                                                                                    and platform integration,             effective integration and      leveraging on the train
                                                                                    enabling flexible configuration       coordinated linkage of train operation control system,
                                                                                    of emergency plans with               traffic control, supervision   decide the generation of
                                                                                    high adaptability to evolving         on power supply,               the best transdisciplinary
                                                                                    management requirements. It           environment and equipment, linkage proposals and
                                                                                    features enhanced operational-        safety protection,             apply the integrated
                                                                                    maintenance collaboration,            passenger service, wireless communication and linkage
                                                                                    cross-system data integration,        communications as well as execution technologies
                                                                                    efficient coordination, real-time     multidisciplinary systems.     based on distributed
                                                                                    modeling, universal interfaces,                                      message bus and real-
                                                                                    and comprehensively upgraded                                         time database to conduct
                                                                                    real-time monitoring capabilities.                                   real-time driving and
                                                                                    The system also realizes                                             coordinated control on
                                                                                    comprehensive automation of                                          multidisciplinary systems
                                                                                    pre-operation preparations,                                          and equipment in the full
                                                                                    significantly improving preparation                                  process and effectively
                                                                                    efficiency. The system is currently                                  improve the accuracy,
                                                                                    undergoing debugging on Xiamen                                       timeliness and safety of
                                                                                    Metro Line 4.                                                        trans-disciplinary linkage.
                                                                                                                                                         The technology will reach
                                                                                                                                                         the domestic leading level.


18   Research on the technology           1,000.00           140.74        892.13 It completed field applications         To complete the benchmark Products may include               It can be applied the
     of intelligent diagnosis and                                                   including C3 intelligent analysis,    product for intelligent        train control, computer       fields of C2/C3 and
     safety monitoring for train                                                    onboard monitoring device DRU, diagnosis and intelligent             interlocking, temporary       overseas rail transit
     control system of high-                                                        GSM-R network No.7 signaling          maintenance of train           speed limitation server,
     speed railway                                                                  monitoring, and RBC interface         control system for C2/C3       wireless blocking centre,
                                                                                    monitoring IRD, with relevant user lines, to provide all-round       and other core signalling
                                                                                    certifications obtained. Gradually maintenance support for           products, to provide
                                                                                    being promoted for wider              signalling system.             comprehensive intelligent
                                                                                    application.                                                         maintenance support. The
                                                                                                                                                         technology has reached
                                                                                                                                                         advanced level in China.




                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025                       79
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                           Investment    Cumulative
                                      Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                Specific application
     No     Name of Project               investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                 Technical level               prospects


     19     Research and equipment          2,700.00         1,339.29      2,194.67 Completed prototype                   This project involves the     This project aims to          Urban (suburban)
            development of the                                                        development, test environment       Development of integrated research an urban train           railway train control
            multimode interoperable                                                   setup, and functional self-testing onboard ATP/ATO                control system based          systems
            train control system                                                      for integrated onboard equipment, equipment, compatible           on the CTCS technical
                                                                                      GOA3/4 onboard equipment,           train safety control centre   framework. The system
                                                                                      and TIS equipment; finalized trial equipment, as well as          will be built on the
                                                                                      production for industrialization    research on multi-mode        foundation of moving block
                                                                                      and drawing releases, as well as interoperable train control      technology, with network
                                                                                      trial production of test tooling;   system solutions and on-site communication as the
                                                                                      developed GOA4-level automatic testing and verification, to       backbone, and will focus
                                                                                      shunting solution; secured the      meet the various application on lightweight, intelligent,
                                                                                      Four-Network Integration Project    needs of urban railways.      and green equipment.
                                                                                      at Guangzhou Railway Polytechnic                                  The goal is to develop an
                                                                                      with the train operation control                                  urban train control system
                                                                                      system compatible with both                                       solution that supports
                                                                                      CTCS2+ATO and CBTC.                                               multi-mode interoperability
                                                                                                                                                        between CBTC and CTCS
                                                                                                                                                        systems, meeting the
                                                                                                                                                        requirements of urban
                                                                                                                                                        railways for commuter
                                                                                                                                                        service, high speed,
                                                                                                                                                        multi-mode operation,
                                                                                                                                                        flexible train formation,
                                                                                                                                                        high density, and bus-like
                                                                                                                                                        service.




80        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                   ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                        Investment    Cumulative
                                   Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                             Specific application
No   Name of Project                   investment    current period      amount achievements                         Intended goal                Technical level               prospects


20   The satellite-based train           1,420.00           172.83      1,352.58 Completion of the overall technical The project aims to research Focusing on the global        Low-density lines in
     control system solution and                                                   solution for the space-based      the key technologies for     technological frontier, the   central and western
     key technology research                                                       train control system, technical   a satellite-based train      Company aims to seize         regions, and local
                                                                                   specifications for the space-     control system that is low   the direction of satellite-   railways
                                                                                   based train control system, and   cost, easy to maintain,      based positioning and
                                                                                   a prototype of the train-ground   and quick to deploy and      communication, reduce the
                                                                                   communication system based on develop a prototype of the       complexity of train control
                                                                                   the space-based system.           communication equipment. systems, minimize onsite
                                                                                                                                                  maintenance, and lower
                                                                                                                                                  construction costs. This
                                                                                                                                                  approach will significantly
                                                                                                                                                  improve transportation
                                                                                                                                                  efficiency without relying
                                                                                                                                                  on a large amount of
                                                                                                                                                  ground infrastructure.




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025                     81
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                  Investment    Cumulative
                                             Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                  Specific application
     No     Name of Project                      investment    current period      amount achievements                             Intended goal                  Technical level              prospects


     21     Research on a two-level train          4,400.00         1,656.76      2,559.69 Completed safety certification for The project intends to              The development of a new     It can be used in the
            control system based on                                                          digital signal machines, universal develop a “trackside-centre” generation of train control       new construction
            trackside digital intelligence                                                   AC/DC input/output control            collaborative train control    system architecture fully    and renovation
                                                                                             units, and AC switch machine          system and equipment           promotes the functional      market for national
                                                                                             control units; finalized laboratory   based on trackside             innovation and efficient     mainline railways
                                                                                             prototypes of digital signal          digitalisation and centralised collaboration of the train   and subways
                                                                                             machines, developed switch            logic deployment. The two- control system, significantly
                                                                                             machines, and industrialized          level architecture urban rail improving operation and
                                                                                             switch machine control and            train control system has       maintenance quality and
                                                                                             diagnostic units; achieved safety been applied on-site in the efficiency, and breaking
                                                                                             certification and industrialization   Dujiangyan-Siguniangshan through the traditional
                                                                                             of track circuits, axle counters,     mountain rail transit project. development model of train
                                                                                             and centralized logic deployment, The two-level architecture         control systems.
                                                                                             while completing platform door        interlocking system and
                                                                                             control unit development, as well trackside equipment have
                                                                                             as phased safety certification and been applied on-site in local
                                                                                             industrialization of intelligent LEUs. railways.
                                                                                             Completed the industrialization
                                                                                             and launch of communication
                                                                                             controllers and integrated
                                                                                             modules, and finalized verification
                                                                                             testing for the endogenous safety
                                                                                             modules of the two-level train
                                                                                             control system. Achieved safety
                                                                                             certification for the two-level
                                                                                             train control systems in urban rail
                                                                                             and local railways, completed
                                                                                             engineering deployment and
                                                                                             application design, and initiated
                                                                                             on-site demonstration work at
                                                                                             Tanggongta.




82        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                    ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Investment    Cumulative
                                    Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                     Specific application
No   Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                   Technical level                 prospects


22   Research on the                      2,316.00         1,059.34      1,321.15 It is currently undergoing             The project is designated       Research has been               It can be used for
     Comprehensive Intelligent                                                      onsite testing applications and      to create an intelligent        conducted on existing           railway marshalling
     System CIPS2.0 for                                                             being optimised based on user        marshalling yard to achieve marshalling yard systems            yards and sections
     Marshalling Yards                                                              requirements to further expand       intelligent phase plan          to achieve intelligent          with automated hump
                                                                                    applicability.                       preparation, automatic          indoor operations and           yards
                                                                                                                         generation of decision-         mechanised outdoor
                                                                                                                         making indicators, full-area operations, which are at the
                                                                                                                         signal control of the station leading level domestically.
                                                                                                                         area, automatic uncoupling
                                                                                                                         at the hump peak, precise
                                                                                                                         control of hump shunting,
                                                                                                                         automatic driving of shunting
                                                                                                                         locomotives, and intelligent
                                                                                                                         drone inspection.


23   Satellite-based Mobile Block         8,770.00         5,091.52      7,589.13 The satellite-based mobile             The project aims to tailor      By leveraging advanced          It can be applied to
     Train Control System                                                           block train control system has       a safe, efficient, and cost     technologies such               freight railways
                                                                                    entered the international market,    effective mobile block          as multisource fusion
                                                                                    securing a commercial contract       signal system solution for      for autonomous train
                                                                                    for the signal and train operation   freight railways. It utilizes   positioning, fully electronic
                                                                                    control system for the Morebaya- a complete autonomous               target control, SIL4 train
                                                                                    Simandou Railway Railway in          platform with essential         integrity checks, heavy-
                                                                                    Guinea, and has completed the        features like moving block      load control, vehicle-to-
                                                                                    release of Version V1.0.0.0 for the signaling, virtual formation, vehicle communication,
                                                                                    Mali project application, featuring and autonomous driving.          and autonomous driving,
                                                                                    functionalities including moving                                     it significantly enhances
                                                                                    block, intermittent backup, and                                      the efficiency and
                                                                                    heavy haul control.                                                  safety of freight railway
                                                                                                                                                         transportation, achieving
                                                                                                                                                         an internationally leading
                                                                                                                                                         technological standard.




                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025                       83
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                             Investment    Cumulative
                                        Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                  Specific application
     No     Name of Project                 investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                  Technical level                prospects


     24     “Xihe” digital urban rail         6,459.13         2,930.01      5,932.71 Officially launched Digital           Focused on enhancing           Leveraging the open rail       It can be applied to
            solution                                                                    Urban Rail Solution V1.1.0 and      operational safety and         transit digital foundations,   urban rail transit
                                                                                        completed full-feature laboratory   resilience, based on           the core platforms of
                                                                                        validation. Successfully secured    independently developed        intelligent operation
                                                                                        two major projects for Xiamen       open rail transit digital      control and intelligent
                                                                                        Metro Line 6 (Jimei to Tong’an      foundations and scalable       maintenance have been
                                                                                        Section): Huaqiao University        signaling professional         established, forming the
                                                                                        Station to Binhai West Avenue       models, two major platforms “smart brain” and “health
                                                                                        Station and Jiageng Gymnasium       for intelligent operation      steward” to safeguard
                                                                                        Station to Tongxiang High-          control and intelligent        train operations. Through
                                                                                        Tech New Town Station,              maintenance have been          the deep integration of
                                                                                        achieving practical application of constructed, integrating        advanced technologies
                                                                                        intelligent dispatching, operation a range of intelligent          such as multi – source
                                                                                        maintenance, train control, and     application products           ubiquitous perception,
                                                                                        depot management functionalities. to drive the industry’s          reliable artificial
                                                                                                                            digitization and intelligent   intelligence, big data, and
                                                                                                                            transformation.                the Internet of Things,
                                                                                                                                                           innovative and optimized
                                                                                                                                                           allocation of production
                                                                                                                                                           elements in various
                                                                                                                                                           stages of train operations
                                                                                                                                                           and maintenance is
                                                                                                                                                           achieved. Characterized
                                                                                                                                                           by innovation, high
                                                                                                                                                           technology, safety,
                                                                                                                                                           efficiency, sustainability,
                                                                                                                                                           this solution significantly
                                                                                                                                                           reduces labor and
                                                                                                                                                           management costs while
                                                                                                                                                           providing passengers with
                                                                                                                                                           more efficient, safer, and
                                                                                                                                                           reliable travel services.




84        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                    ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Investment    Cumulative
                                    Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                      Specific application
No   Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                              Intended goal                 Technical level                  prospects


25   Research and application of          1,300.00           382.50      1,110.65 Completed the development of             Centred around the visual     By fully leveraging the          It can be applied in
     general-purpose visual large                                                   dedicated large model algorithms, large model architecture           visual large model’s             the field of rail transit
     models in the railway sector                                                   systems, and intelligent analysis      for the railway sector, the   existing general object
                                                                                    equipment for railway abnormal         project intends to further    categories, more than ten
                                                                                    intrusion detection and alarm;         extract effective information railway-specific object
                                                                                    completed the design and               obtained through multimodal categories have been
                                                                                    construction of the radar point        methods. The Company          added. This has addressed
                                                                                    cloud module; finalized the            has developed a dedicated the issue of target detection
                                                                                    calibration of radar-vision systems large model algorithm,           for specific objects in
                                                                                    and the development of result          system, and intelligent       railway scenarios, including
                                                                                    fusion logic, forming a railway        analysis equipment for        problems related to small or
                                                                                    abnormal intrusion monitoring          railway anomaly intrusion     even zero-sample training.
                                                                                    and alarm system along with a          monitoring and alarm. This Additionally, it solves
                                                                                    multi-modal fusion large model-        has resulted in a railway     the challenges of cross-
                                                                                    based solution for railway intrusion anomaly intrusion detection scenario and cross – modal
                                                                                    detection. Deployed for trial at       solution based on multi-      matching and retrieval for
                                                                                    Guangzhou Jiangcun Station,            modal fusion large models. railway personnel, objects,
                                                                                    with user evaluation reports                                         and other entities. In the
                                                                                    obtained. Platform boundary                                          vertical application domain
                                                                                    intrusion detection, station closure                                 of visual large models for
                                                                                    inspection, and train progress                                       rail transit, this solution is
                                                                                    monitoring algorithms based on                                       at an industry leading level.
                                                                                    universal visual computing have
                                                                                    been deployed for trial use at
                                                                                    Kunming Station, Kunming South
                                                                                    Station, Harbin Station, and Harbin
                                                                                    West Station.




                                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025                            85
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                 Investment    Cumulative
                                            Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                 Specific application
     No     Name of Project                     investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                Technical level                prospects


     26     Research on key 5G                    2,400.00         1,133.91      2,059.30 The lightweight 5G base station        The project intends to       Based on public 5G             It can be used at rail
            technologies for rail transit                                                   laboratory joint debugging and       develop key core 5G          technology, 5G-R               transit stations and
            and equipment development                                                       external testing have been           communication equipment, technology and equipment along the lines
                                                                                            completed, and the test report has including lightweight 5G       suitable for China Railway’s
                                                                                            been formed. The field trials for the base stations, private      private network are
                                                                                            lightweight 5G base station field is network terminals, and       developed to promote
                                                                                            currently underway.                  private network core         the intelligent and green
                                                                                                                                 networks, forming a          development of China’s
                                                                                                                                 complete set of 5G           railway sector.
                                                                                                                                 communication equipment
                                                                                                                                 for rail transit.


     27     R&D and application of                6,000.00         3,505.02      4,758.27 Completed the development of           The adaptation development This marks the first time        It can be used at
            signal system equipment for                                                     Hungary’s full set of signaling      for the Hungarian computer that Chinese railway signal overseas market
            the Hungarian section of the                                                    system equipment, obtained           interlocking system, the     products have entered the
            Hungary-Serbia railway                                                          DeBo certification for level         wireless block centre, and   EU market on a large scale
                                                                                            crossing control systems             the level crossing control   and systematically, fully
                                                                                            and LED signal machines as           system has been completed. demonstrating their role
                                                                                            new products in Hungary,             The on-site laboratory has   as a model and laying the
                                                                                            and secured supplementary            been set up, and full support foundation for expanding
                                                                                            certifications for interlocking,     has been provided to ensure into other EU countries.
                                                                                            CTC, and transponders.               the success of the Hungary The products are at an
                                                                                            Functional acceptance tests          section of the Hungary       internationally advanced
                                                                                            were successfully conducted          Serbia Railway project.      level.
                                                                                            for interlocking, level crossing,
                                                                                            and CTC systems in the Hungary
                                                                                            project.




86        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                      Investment    Cumulative
                                 Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
No   Name of Project                 investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                    Technical level               prospects


28   Research on Overhaul              1,130.00           501.59        533.16 Completed the development             Aiming at the overhaul           As a technological            Focusing on the
     Technical Solutions and                                                     of a conversion adapter             and upgrade market for           leader in the field of        overhaul and
     Equipment Upgrades for                                                      compatible with existing relay      high-speed railway signal        railway signaling, we         modernization
     High-Speed Railway Signal                                                   interface circuits; completed the   systems, this research           are responsible for the       market of high-
     Systems                                                                     development of an automatic         focuses on developing a          formulation of high-speed     speed railway signal
                                                                                 conversion tool for product data    Prognostics and Health           railway signal system         systems
                                                                                 configuration files and submitted Management (PHM)                   standards, engineering
                                                                                 the test request form; other        assessment standard              design, product
                                                                                 progress includes: optimizing       system for key equipment,        development, and system
                                                                                 and improving key technical         performance enhancement integration. This enables us
                                                                                 solutions for engineering design    technologies for signal          to take a holistic approach
                                                                                 and system integration; completed systems, a comprehensive not only at the design and
                                                                                 a prototype for a comprehensive     digital platform for high-       product levels but also to
                                                                                 digital platform; and completed     speed railway signal             propose requirements from
                                                                                 indoor integrated design software equipment, indoor integrated a system-wide perspective,
                                                                                 for high-speed rail interlocking and digital design technologies ensuring that the needs are
                                                                                 train control center equipment.     for interlocking and train       comprehensive, accurate,
                                                                                                                     control center equipment,        and forward-looking. Our
                                                                                                                     and “seamless major              capabilities remain at the
                                                                                                                     overhaul” system integration forefront of technology in
                                                                                                                     technology. The goal is to       China.
                                                                                                                     achieve safe, efficient, fast,
                                                                                                                     easy-to-implement, and
                                                                                                                     comprehensive technical
                                                                                                                     upgrades in high-speed
                                                                                                                     railway renovation and
                                                                                                                     reconstruction, thereby
                                                                                                                     promoting the high-quality
                                                                                                                     development of high-speed
                                                                                                                     railways.




                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025                     87
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                               Investment    Cumulative
                                          Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                               Specific application
     No     Name of Project                   investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                 Technical level              prospects


     29     Research on Key                       500.00           376.26        380.96 1. Completed research on              Conduct research on           Optimizeanden                National Railway
            Technology for Train                                                             onboard fault analysis           comprehensive monitoring h a n c e t h e intelligent       Market
            network-ground Monitoring                                                        technology, and conducted        and integrated diagnostic     integrated diagnostic
            and Diagnostics in High-                                                         functional optimization          technologies for high-speed capabilities for faults on
            speed Railway Train Control                                                      research and prototype testing railway train control systems, the onboard, network, and
            Systems                                                                          of the onboard Aelog analysis. aiming to further optimize the ground sides, improving
                                                                                                                              monitoring scope and depth fault location accuracy,
                                                                                          2. Completed research on            of the train-network-ground reducing fault impact
                                                                                             GSM-R network No. 7 signaling control system. The goal is duration, and further
                                                                                             interface data monitoring        to integrate fault diagnosis, advancing the automation
                                                                                             technology, and carried out      safety verification, and      and intelligence of train
                                                                                             the development and prototype remote maintenance.              control system operation
                                                                                             testing of E/G and L interface                                 and maintenance. The
                                                                                             monitoring functions.                                          technology has reached a
                                                                                                                                                            leading level domestically
                                                                                          3. Completed research on the
                                                                                             underlying RBC train-to-ground
                                                                                             communication protocol and
                                                                                             high-speed data acquisition
                                                                                             technology, and developed
                                                                                             and tested the prototype for
                                                                                             E1 channel low-level data
                                                                                             monitoring functionality.




88        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                      Investment    Cumulative
                                 Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                             Specific application
No   Name of Project                 investment    current period      amount achievements                         Intended goal               Technical level                prospects


30   Research on Key Operation         2,000.00         1,309.95      1,309.95 Completion of the overall           A 600 km/h superconducting Promote the                     It can be used at
     Control Technologies and                                                    technical solution for high-      high-speed maglev           comprehensive                  new-type Rail Transit
     Equipment Development                                                       temperature superconducting       transportation system       development of the 600         Market
     for Superconducting                                                         maglev transportation control,    solution has been           km/h superconducting
     High-Speed Maglev                                                           preparation of high-temperature   developed, and prototypes high-speed maglev
     Transportation –                                                            superconducting system            of the onboard operation    transportation industry
     Superconducting High-                                                       requirements, development         control system, zonal       chain. Through the
     speed Maglev                                                                of equipment prototypes, and      operation control system,   transformation and
                                                                                 completion of debugging and       central operation control   application of technological
                                                                                 testing on the CRRC Changchun     system, as well as          achievements, drive
                                                                                 test line.                        positioning and speed       industrial upgrading and
                                                                                                                   measurement systems         enhance overall technology
                                                                                                                   for high-temperature        maturity, laying a solid
                                                                                                                   superconducting maglev      foundation for larger-
                                                                                                                   have been completed.        scale testing, validation,
                                                                                                                   Installation, commissioning, and future commercial
                                                                                                                   and field testing have been deployment.
                                                                                                                   carried out on the CRRC
                                                                                                                   Changchun test line.




                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                       89
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                             Investment    Cumulative
                                        Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                               Specific application
     No     Name of Project                 investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                  Technical level             prospects


     31     Development and Field             2,434.38         1,421.09      1,421.09 Completed adaptation of 5G-R          Overcame technical             Developed train control     Designed for 5G-R
            Testing of 5G-R Equipment                                                   compatible ATP, RBC, network        challenges such as dual-       onboard equipment (ATP)     Railway Line
            Adapted for Train Control                                                   interface monitoring, RBC interface mode dual-channel              and ground equipment
            and Related Devices                                                         monitoring, and new field trials.   redundant train-to-            adapted to 5G-R; gained
                                                                                                                            ground communication,          a deeper understanding
                                                                                                                            cross-network dynamic          of the overall 5G-R
                                                                                                                            matching of onboard mobile architecture and
                                                                                                                            addresses, and dual active operational requirements,
                                                                                                                            switching of train control     and developed a 5G-R
                                                                                                                            interface units. Developed     network interface
                                                                                                                            5G-R adapted train control monitoring system. The
                                                                                                                            onboard equipment (ATP)        technology has reached an
                                                                                                                            and ground equipment           advanced domestic level.
                                                                                                                            (RBC), enabling high-
                                                                                                                            speed trains to operate
                                                                                                                            seamlessly across GSI-R
                                                                                                                            and 5G-R networks. This
                                                                                                                            significantly enhances
                                                                                                                            the reliability of train-to-
                                                                                                                            ground communication
                                                                                                                            in train control systems
                                                                                                                            and promotes the entry of
                                                                                                                            high-speed railway control
                                                                                                                            systems into the 5G era.




90        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                          Investment    Cumulative
                                     Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                  Specific application
No   Name of Project                     investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                 Technical level                 prospects


32   Research on urban railway            14,787.88         4,692.77      9,514.53 Completed software development The urban railway signaling After analyzing the                      It can be applied
     signal systems based on                                                         for integrated subsystems           system solution based         differences and                 in cross-mode
     integration of “the four                                                        including dispatching, onboard,     on integration of “the four   characteristics of CTCS2        operations of
     networks” – trunk, intercity,                                                   interlocking, and train control     networks” is intended to      + ATO and CBTC systems, integration of “the
     suburban, and urban                                                             systems, as well as system-         address issues arising from similar products from both        four networks” in
     railways                                                                        level indoor integration testing    functional inconsistencies, standards were integrated, urban (suburban)
                                                                                     and validation testing between      non-uniform standards, and simplifying the system             railways
                                                                                     different subsystems, meeting the incompatible interfaces         architecture and improving
                                                                                     requirements for initiating field   when connecting lines with operational efficiency.
                                                                                     testing.                            different signaling systems. Through the integration
                                                                                                                         It aims to enable trains to   and modification of
                                                                                                                         operate seamlessly across onboard and wayside
                                                                                                                         different signaling standards signaling systems,
                                                                                                                         on various lines, allowing    innovative development
                                                                                                                         passengers to reach their     was achieved in unified
                                                                                                                         destinations directly without dispatching, onboard
                                                                                                                         transferring.                 dual-standard seamless
                                                                                                                                                       switching technology,
                                                                                                                                                       and wayside collaborative
                                                                                                                                                       control technology. This will
                                                                                                                                                       enable the first domestic
                                                                                                                                                       implementation and
                                                                                                                                                       position us at the industry’s
                                                                                                                                                       forefront.




                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                       91
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                  Technical level                prospects


     33     Research and application             1,406.00           760.42        760.42 The development of the digital-        By introducing emerging        Relying on high-               It can be applied
            of an intelligent video core                                                   intelligent video core platform      technologies such as           concurrency, low-              in the field of rail
            platform                                                                       was completed, along with video information security, artificial latency streaming media           transit.
                                                                                           semantic extraction platform.        intelligence, and large        processing technology,
                                                                                           The PHM system framework             models, the video system       achieve efficient video
                                                                                           and functional prototype have        will be restructured and       resource access to support
                                                                                           been completed, the localized        upgraded to form a series      concurrent access by
                                                                                           resource sharing system has been of video business products, thousands of terminals,
                                                                                           developed, and the development including the intelligent            meeting the real-time
                                                                                           of railway intelligent application   video core platform,           retrieval needs of multiple
                                                                                           scenarios for the intelligent video intelligent video semantic      railway departments. Build
                                                                                           interaction system has been          extraction platform, full-     a standardized third-party
                                                                                           completed.                           business video PHM system, AI integration framework
                                                                                                                                localized resource sharing that seamlessly connects
                                                                                                                                system, and information        large models and intelligent
                                                                                                                                innovation intelligent         analysis systems through
                                                                                                                                interactive video system.      open protocol interfaces,
                                                                                                                                This is expected to drive the enabling closed-loop
                                                                                                                                railway video system toward interaction between video
                                                                                                                                network flattening, business semantics and intelligent
                                                                                                                                modularization, and fully      operations, and achieving
                                                                                                                                intelligent interactive        an industry-leading level.
                                                                                                                                operation and maintenance,
                                                                                                                                promote a comprehensive
                                                                                                                                upgrade of video data
                                                                                                                                security levels, and advance
                                                                                                                                the overall intelligent and
                                                                                                                                digital transformation of
                                                                                                                                video business operations.




92        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                     Investment    Cumulative
                                Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                Specific application
No   Name of Project                investment    current period      amount achievements                          Intended goal                 Technical level                prospects


34   Industry applications of           829.00           758.54        758.54 Completed the upgrade of the         Based on the integration      It can integrate multi-        It can be used in the
     full-domain integrated                                                     Video AI Cockpit Application       of surveillance video and     dimensional and multi-         smart city sector.
     perception based on                                                        Platform System across modules     geographic information,       modal data using
     multisource data fusion                                                    including alarm center, drone      multisource data fusion AI    multisource data fusion
                                                                                dispatch, equipment maintenance, analysis, and 3D simulation AI analysis technology
                                                                                and AI algorithm empowerment.      technologies, develop a       to generate unified
                                                                                Finalized the development of Video video AI cockpit application analytical results, and
                                                                                AI Cockpit Application Platform    platform system as well       leverage 3D simulation
                                                                                System V2.1 and three vertical     as systems for intelligent    technology to model and
                                                                                industry application systems:      urban management              predict scenarios such
                                                                                Intelligent Urban Comprehensive supervision, emergency           as rivers and reservoirs.
                                                                                Management Supervision,            intelligent monitoring,       It can provide a technical
                                                                                Emergency Intelligent Monitoring and smart reservoir and         framework encompassing a
                                                                                Management, and Smart Reservoir river monitoring. These          video AI cockpit application
                                                                                & River Monitoring System.         systems enable intelligent    platform and intelligent
                                                                                                                   monitoring, analysis, and     systems for urban
                                                                                                                   management across multiple management, emergency
                                                                                                                   domain scenarios, helping response, and water
                                                                                                                   to enhance the intelligence resources. It can enable
                                                                                                                   level of urban governance, unified management
                                                                                                                   emergency response,           of multi-source data,
                                                                                                                   and water resource            intelligent analysis, and
                                                                                                                   management.                   multi-scenario applications,
                                                                                                                                                 supporting advanced
                                                                                                                                                 capabilities in fulldomain
                                                                                                                                                 perception and cross
                                                                                                                                                 industry integrated
                                                                                                                                                 applications.




                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025                     93
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                      Specific application
     No     Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                            Intended goal                     Technical level                prospects


     35     Research on the application          1,246.00           956.44        956.44 Completed the scheme design and To accelerate the research It can enhance the                           It can be applied in
            of new technologies in                                                         mechanism design of redundant        on the application of             reliability of key             railway and urban
            key components of switch                                                       contact groups for ZD(J)9 switch new technologies in key               components of switch           rail transit
            machines, and upgrades                                                         machines, finalized prototype        components of switch              machines and expand
            and replacements of                                                            development and testing, and         machines and upgrades and product application
            complete units                                                                 initiated trial operation on Beijing replacements of complete          scenarios; It can extend the
                                                                                           Metro. Finalized the AC five-wire    units to develop new types functionality of monitoring
                                                                                           parallel circuit design for dual-    of contact groups through         products for turnout
                                                                                           machine traction turnouts using      optimization of materials,        conversion equipment,
                                                                                           ZDJ9 switch machines, passing        structures, and control           improve product market
                                                                                           expert technical review panel        circuits; to improve the          competitiveness, and
                                                                                           evaluation. Completed prototype      reliability of key components achieve an advanced level
                                                                                           development and testing of AC        and expand product                within the industry.
                                                                                           dual-machine parallel ZDJ9           application scenarios; and
                                                                                           switch machines, now under           to promote the development
                                                                                           trial operation at Suide Signaling   of fault self-diagnosis,
                                                                                           Depot.                               fault prediction, health
                                                                                                                                management, and intelligent
                                                                                                                                operation and maintenance
                                                                                                                                capabilities for switch
                                                                                                                                machines


     36     Research and development             3,500.00           113.86        113.86 Preliminary establishment of an        With the goal of “managing It can comprehensively                It can be applied in
            of railway signaling                                                           intelligent fault prediction and     assets, managing                  enhance railway operation      the railway sector
            intelligent fault prediction                                                   health management platform           processes, and managing           and maintenance efficiency
            and health management                                                          (I-PHM) for railway signaling        personnel”, this technology and quality to attain
            platforms (I-PHM)                                                              systems, with field applications     aims to promote the               industry-leading standards.
                                                                                           deployed on the Beijing-Shanghai digitalisation and intelligent
                                                                                           line.                                transformation of railway
                                                                                                                                electrification: using
                                                                                                                                equipment master records,
                                                                                                                                technical documentation,
                                                                                                                                and on-site images as the
                                                                                                                                foundation, to automatically
                                                                                                                                associate equipment alarm
                                                                                                                                information, fault information,
                                                                                                                                maintenance information,
                                                                                                                                and monitoring and testing
                                                                                                                                data, thereby achieving
                                                                                                                                comprehensive lifecycle
                                                                                                                                management of equipment.




94        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                    ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                         Investment    Cumulative
                                    Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                  Specific application
No   Name of Project                    investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                  Technical level                prospects


37   Research and application             5,000.00         2,592.85      2,592.85 Completed the installation and        It conducts theoretical and It can achieve logistics          It can be applied
     demonstration of intelligent                                                   deployment of the shipping          methodological research on progress prediction                in railway ports,
     vessel transportation                                                          data middle platform, currently     digital resource interaction for road-port-shipping           shipping production
     organisation and scheduling                                                    undergoing data integration         systems, transportation        operations, vessel             and operations, and
     technology based on                                                            governance. Developed the           resource forecasting,          operational energy             dispatching and
     railway-port-shipping                                                          operational situation prediction    shipping planning, and         efficiency prediction,         command
     coordination                                                                   simulation system for coordinated vessel scheduling, develops intelligent cargo-vessel
                                                                                    road-port-shipping operations,      and constructs a shipping      matching, and intelligent
                                                                                    the virtual operation system for    data middle platform, a        recommendation of
                                                                                    coal shipping transportation, and collaborative road-port-         sailing routes and
                                                                                    the shipping cloud brain platform, shipping operational            speeds, further enhancing
                                                                                    which have been piloted at China situation prediction and          the intelligent level of
                                                                                    Energy Group and are gradually      simulation system, a virtual shipping production, with
                                                                                    being put into application.         coal shipping transportation technological capabilities
                                                                                                                        operation system, and          reaching domestic
                                                                                                                        a shipping cloud brain         advanced standards.
                                                                                                                        platform.


38   Construction and application         1,710.42           500.00        500.00 Completed the architectural           Leveraging the foundation      It can achieve practical       It can be applied in
     of signaling-specific large                                                    design and preliminary version of of general large models, this implementation and                railway sector
     model                                                                          the signaling-specific large model initiative deeply integrates    validation of AI technology
                                                                                    framework, established the initial specialized knowledge           in rail transit signaling
                                                                                    version of a universal dataset      in rail transit signaling to   systems, driving intelligent
                                                                                    for standardized documents          address digitalization and     upgrades with industry-
                                                                                    such as rail transit signaling      intelligent development        leading technical
                                                                                    systems, implemented internal       needs. It constructs a full-   capabilities.
                                                                                    trial deployment of the signaling   process digital support
                                                                                    large model with auxiliary code     platform covering “design-
                                                                                    generation testing and intelligent R&D-testing-manufacturing-
                                                                                    white-box testing applications,     integration & maintenance”
                                                                                    and finalized the large model       powered by large models.
                                                                                    evaluation framework including
                                                                                    knowledge assessment for
                                                                                    signaling expertise.




                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025                    95
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                                                Investment    Cumulative
                                           Estimated total   amount in the    investment Progress or phased                                                                                   Specific application
     No        Name of Project                 investment    current period      amount achievements                           Intended goal                   Technical level                prospects


     39        Key technology R&D of             3,342.08           667.33        667.33 Completed the calibration of radar- Targeting smart city and rail The vertical-domain high-          It can be applied in
               “observation and balance”                                                   vision fusion in the visual module transit sectors, the project     performance multimodal         railway, smart city,
               perception large model                                                      with hardware acceleration,         leverages model distillation, large model supports             and low-altitude
                                                                                           achieving perimeter detection       reinforcement learning,         differentiated demands         inspection scenarios
                                                                                           for vehicle bodies and trackside    and algorithm fusion            and practical applications
                                                                                           status awareness; finalized core    technologies to develop a       across industries including
                                                                                           functionalities of the image-text   high-performance vertical- smart cities, rail transit,
                                                                                           retrieval and Q&A modules, with     domain multimodal large         and low-altitude inspection,
                                                                                           on-site deployment and joint        model capable of high-          achieving technologically
                                                                                           debugging implemented in smart sensitivity perception and           leading standards.
                                                                                           station projects; accomplished      deep reasoning analysis for
                                                                                           functional development of the       small, blurred, and occluded
                                                                                           smart station system, followed by targets in video surveillance.
                                                                                           deployment and debugging at         It enables the deployment
                                                                                           relevant stations.                  of this large model in
                                                                                                                               multi-scenario intelligent
                                                                                                                               inspection systems for
                                                                                                                               railway stations, typical
                                                                                                                               smart city scenarios, as well
                                                                                                                               as railway and low-altitude
                                                                                                                               inspection applications.


     Total     /                               262,055.93        66,383.70    208,726.71 /                                     /                               /                              /




96           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



Explanation


For all rail transit sectors such as high-speed railway, normal-speed railway, local railway, heavy- haul
railway, urban rail transit, urban (suburban) railway, maglev and special tourist line, the Company
analysed the corresponding scenarios and special demands, carried out research and development
activities oriented to market targets and developed advanced technologies leading the industry, such
as automatic unmanned train operation, train autonomous circumambulation, coordinated transportation
and management for regional passenger traffic, train traffic control automation, safe computer platform,
full-electronic computer interlocking control, intelligent detection, operation and maintenance of rail
transportation, rail transit simulation test, turnout switch and electromagnetic shielding. It developed
control systems and fundamental equipment applicable to target scenarios with complete functions
and outstanding performance, such as the independent CTCS-3 train control system, the new train
control system based on BDS, the train control system for normal railways, the high-density automatic
operation control system for ad-hoc network of heavy-haul trains, the two-level train control system
based on trackside digital intelligence, the new generation of centralised traffic control system, the
intelligent passenger traffic analysis system, the integrated analysis system of Internet of Videos, the
integrated video monitoring system, the “Xihe” digital urban rail solutions, the high-efficiency Qiji train
autonomous circumambulate system (TACS), the unmanned train environmental autonomous perception
systems (TAPS), the train autonomous circumambulation control system, the CBTC system based on
full-electronic interlocking, the intelligent light rail transit control system, the suburban railway signaling
systems based on “four-network integration”, the intelligent urban rail dispatching system, the railway
signaling intelligent fault prediction and health management platforms (I-PHM), the intelligent diagnosis
system on turnout switch, the integrated train control interlocking equipment, the full-electronic
interlocking equipment, the satellite-based mobile block signalling train control system, the rail breakage
monitoring system of turnouts, video AI cockpit application platform, video AI-enabled analysis platform,
integrated information security management system, the cloud application management platform for
videos, the three-dimensional real-scene video system of railway stations and array computing vision
system. It also conducted demonstration, opening and application in domestic and overseas markets,
vigorously supporting the rapid market expansion of the Company in the rail transit sector.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          97
     SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                5.      Research and development personnel

                                                                                          Unit: ’0,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


                        Basic Information

                                                                                                              Amount for the
                                                                                       Amount for the         corresponding
                                                                                       current period    period of last year


                        Number of research and development personnel in the
                          Company (person)                                                      5,085                  5,064
                        Percentage of total research and development personnel in
                          total personnel of the Company (%)                                    26.49                  26.65
                        Total remuneration for research and development personnel            154,962                142,977
                        Average remuneration for research and development
                          personnel                                                             30.47                  28.23

                        Educational background of research and development personnel


                        Educational background                                                            Number (person)
                        Doctoral degree                                                                                 123
                        Master’s degree                                                                                2,253
                        Bachelor’s degree                                                                              2,518
                        Junior college diploma                                                                          191


                        Age structure of research and development personnel


                        Age band                                                                          Number (person)


                        Under 30 years old (excluding 30)                                                              1,043
                        30-40 years old (including 30, excluding 40)                                                   2,458
                        40-50 years old (including 40, excluding 50)                                                   1,276
                        50-60 years old (including 50, excluding 60)                                                    305
                        60 years old and above                                                                            3

                        Reasons for material change on composition of research and development personnel and the impact on
                        the future development of the Company


                             Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


                6.      Other explanation

                             Applicable     ✓    Not applicable




98    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



IV. RISK FACTORS
   i     Risk of not yet achieving profitability

              Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


   ii    Risk of sharp decline or loss of results

              Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


   iii   Core competitiveness risk

         ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


         The rail transit control system industry in which the Company operates is still in a healthy development stage.
         New-generation information technologies are gradually merging with traditional control systems. The drive
         of emerging technologies, along with new demands arising from railways and urban rail transit, may lead to
         upgrades and replacements of the Company’s main system equipment, posing new and higher requirements
         for the Company’s technological innovation. If the research progress of new technologies is slow, it will affect
         the development pace of the next-generation system products and hinder the Company’s efforts to maintain its
         leading position in innovation.


         Response measures: Based on the long-term development needs of the industry and the Company, key
         technological issues will be refined, emerging technologies will be identified, and new industry demands will be
         focused on. Key research projects will be formulated, strategic forces will be deployed, innovation resources will
         be coordinated, and project management for new technology research and development will be strengthened.
         Resources for new technology and product R&D projects will be allocated effectively to ensure the completion
         of established R&D tasks. The integration of technological research and market operations will be strengthened,
         with a focus on the conversion of scientific and technological achievements. Market targeting will be precise,
         user-specific demand response speed will be improved, and R&D strategies will be adjusted in a timely manner.
         This will help the Company maintain its leading edge in technological innovation and support its sustained,
         healthy, and high-quality development.



   iv    Operational risk

         ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


         First, affected by factors such as the slowdown in macroeconomic growth, the construction of new urban rail
         transit lines in China is tightening, and market competition has further intensified. Second, in some overseas
         target project countries (regions), political instability or factors such as financial conditions have weakened
         investment willingness, making it more difficult to expand in overseas markets. Third, the nature of the industry
         sectors where the Company operates determines the possibility of liability compensation or government
         penalties arising from the design, research and development, manufacturing, installation, testing, maintenance,
         and sales of products or services.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         99
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                  Response measures: First, it will strengthen technological innovation, promote the digital transformation
                  of traditional industries, implement industrial foundation reconstruction projects and major technology and
                  equipment research projects, strengthen digital empowerment, and optimise the upgrade and layout of
                  industries. Second, it will continuously optimise the reliability, availability, and safety of in-service equipment,
                  improve the operational quality of in-service equipment, and enhance user recognition and satisfaction. Third,
                  it will explore overseas market opportunities, enhance the ability and efficiency of international resource
                  allocation, conduct in-depth research on country-specific markets, strengthen project due diligence and risk
                  assessment, and improve the risk management and operational level of overseas businesses.


          v       Financial risk

                  ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                  Some of the railway, urban rail, and infrastructure construction projects undertaken by the Company have
                  characteristics such as long construction periods, large investments, slow settlement, and delayed recovery.
                  Some contract assets or receivables have long settlement and recovery periods, which may adversely affect the
                  current cash flow from operating activities and profits.


                  Response measures: Strictly implement the guiding opinions on project contracting to improve the quality
                  of contract acquisition and mitigate project risks at the source. Actively adopt various effective measures to
                  proactively resolve existing risks, and advance the collection of receivables and capital withdrawal through
                  multiple initiatives. Conduct regular analysis and dynamic monitoring of key project contract assets and
                  receivables, rationally utilize debt resolution tools, reinforce incentives and constraints, and promote fund
                  recovery through regular and detailed management.


          vi      Industry risk

                  ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                  First, local governments continue to intensify efforts to control and reduce debt, leading to further tightening
                  of investment plans in the urban rail transit market. Second, the construction of new lines in the railway market
                  continues to decline, and the progress of the equipment renewal and transformation market has fallen short of
                  expectations. Third, the transformation and upgrading of the low-altitude economy industry has not yet matured
                  and stabilized, and the results will take some time to materialise.


                  Response measures: The Company will be strategically oriented to consolidate and expand its advantages
                  in the entire rail transit industrial chain. Leveraging its leading intelligent control core technologies, it will
                  actively develop four key businesses, intelligent rail transit, intelligent low-altitude, smart cities, and intelligent
                  operations, while extending into the intelligent terminal equipment industry. By adopting a “self-sustaining
                  growth + capital operations” model, the Company will deepen synergistic development across the upstream and
                  downstream industrial chains. This will form a diversified industrial pattern with a reasonable structure, scientific
                  layout, and efficient collaboration.




100    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



vii     Macroeconomic environment risk

        ✓   Applicable          Not applicable


        Currently, the global political and economic landscape is undergoing profound changes, with escalating
        trade frictions and intensifying competition for technological supremacy worldwide, alongside accelerated
        restructuring of industrial and supply chains. While China’s economic performance demonstrates structural
        optimization and improving quality and efficiency, it still faces multiple challenges, including persistently
        insufficient effective demand, significant operational pressures on enterprises, heightened risks in key
        sectors, inadequate smoothness in the domestic circulation, and markedly increased complexity, severity, and
        uncertainty in the macro-environment.


        Response measures: The Company will anchor its strategy to national priorities and global industrial
        transformation trends, further focusing on its core responsibilities and businesses. Guided by industrial
        transformation, centered on technological support, driven by market expansion, and grounded in security
        safeguards, it will fully promote the maturation and standardization of its four intelligent systems businesses,
        strengthen and expand the intelligent terminal equipment industry, accelerate overseas market and industrial
        deployment, actively integrate into the global competitive landscape, and establish an integrated industrial
        ecosystem encompassing technology R&D, capital operations, and industrial chain collaboration.


viii.   Risks related to depositary receipts

            Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


ix.     Other major risks

            Applicable      ✓   Not applicable




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        101
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



      V.      MAIN OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
              In 2025, focused on enhancing core functions and improving core competitiveness, and in accordance with the “1241”
              development philosophy, the Company shouldered responsibilities and took proactive initiatives, vigorously promoting
              industrial transformation and upgrading. The industrial development continued to present a sound momentum of “one
              improvement, one advancement and one withdrawal”, with economic benefits remaining stable with an improving trend
              and development resilience being further consolidated. During the Reporting Period, the Company achieved operating
              revenue of RMB34,553 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.40%, net profits attributable to owners of the
              parent company of RMB3,686 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.48%, and net profits attributable to
              owners of the parent company deducting non-recurring profit and loss of RMB3,421 million, representing a year-on-year
              increase of 4.66%. At the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s total assets amounted to RMB118,322 million,
              representing an increase of 0.37% over the beginning of the year, and the equity attributable to owners of the parent
              company amounted to RMB49,843 million, representing an increase of 3.79% over the beginning of the year.


              a)      Core business analysis

                     i.      Table of analysis of changes in relevant items in the income statement and
                             cash flow statement

                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Amount for the           Change
                                                                            Amount for           corresponding
                             Items                                    the current period     period of last year         ratio (%)


                             Revenue                                  34,552,792,545.42       32,473,033,766.06               6.40
                             Operating cost                           24,573,291,774.15       22,985,410,426.71               6.91
                             Selling expenses                            865,531,112.10          851,578,354.01               1.64
                             Administrative expenses                   2,427,134,552.82        2,388,915,418.98               1.60
                             Finance costs                               -55,992,119.13         -236,406,851.53               N/A
                             Research and development
                               expenses                                2,005,663,654.64        1,912,373,179.29               4.88
                             Net cash flow generated from
                               operating activities                   -1,294,106,603.18        5,236,128,730.31            -124.71
                             Net cash flows generated from
                               investing activities                   -2,125,084,487.18         -586,694,694.38               N/A
                             Net cash flows generated from
                               financing activities                    2,175,595,534.56       -4,259,989,540.67               N/A




102        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



Explanation on reasons for changes in revenue: Mainly due to revenue growth in the equipment
manufacturing, design and integration segments.


Explanation on reasons for changes in operating costs: Mainly due to the increase in operating costs
resulting from the increase in revenue.


Explanation on reasons for changes in selling expenses: Mainly due to an increase in employee
compensation within selling expenses, driven by business growth.


Explanation on reasons for changes in administrative expenses: Mainly due to an increase in employee
compensation within administrative expenses, driven by business growth.


Explanation on reasons for changes in financial expenses: Mainly due to the increase in interest
expenses arising from additional borrowings and the decrease in interest income resulting from a
decrease in average daily deposits during the period, leading to higher financial expenses.


Explanation on reasons for changes in research and development expenses: The continued increase in
R&D investment led to a rise in research and development expenses for the period.


Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from operating activities: Primarily due to a
significant decrease in the net increase of customer deposits and interbank placements, coupled with
a decrease in cash received from the sale of goods and provision of services compared to the same
period last year.


Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from investing activities: Primarily due to the
increase in time deposits with maturities exceeding three months that are unencumbered and not
restricted for use, leading to an increase in cash outflows from investing activities and a decrease in net
cash flow from investing activities.


Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from financing activities: Primarily due to an
increase in cash received from borrowings during the period, leading to an increase in net cash flow
from financing activities.


Particulars of material changes in business type, profit composition or source of the Company in the
current period


     Applicable      ✓       Not applicable




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         103
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                 ii.     Analysis of revenue and cost

                         ✓     Applicable                      Not applicable


                         (1)     Performance of main businesses by industry, product, region and sales model

                                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                 Main Businesses by Industry


                                                                                                                         Increase/          Increase/
                                                                                                                       decrease in       decrease in Increase/decrease in
                                                                                                                       revenue as     operating cost gross profit margin as
                                                                                                        Change        compared to    as compared to compared to
                                 By segment                             Revenue       Operating Cost    Ratio (%) the last year (%) the last year (%) the last year (%)


                                 Rail transit control system    31,906,694,437.52   22,335,270,150.71      30.00              7.97              8.73 Decreased by 0.49
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Equipment manufacturing         6,884,598,142.66    4,362,951,523.98      36.63              4.27              4.82 Decreased by 0.33
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Design and integration         14,011,133,901.57    8,489,158,754.75      39.41             14.33             14.48 Decreased by 0.08
                                                                                                                                                         percentage point
                                 System implementation          11,010,962,393.29    9,483,159,871.98      13.88              2.96              5.79 Decreased by 2.30
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Construction contracting        2,351,454,586.54    2,136,380,472.58       9.15            -12.55              -9.74 Decreased by 2.83
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Others                           294,643,521.36      101,641,150.86       65.50             26.90             33.24 Decreased by 1.64
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points


                                 Main Businesses by Terminal Market


                                                                                                                         Increase/          Increase/
                                                                                                                       decrease in       decrease in Increase/decrease in
                                                                                                                       revenue as     operating cost gross profit margin as
                                                                                                        Change        compared to    as compared to compared to
                                 By product                             Revenue       Operating Cost    Ratio (%) the last year (%) the last year (%) the last year (%)


                                 Railway                        21,473,174,569.59   15,067,002,285.53      29.83             13.67             13.86 Decreased by 0.12
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Urban transit                   8,076,291,009.26    5,304,820,092.24      34.32             -1.75              -3.00 Increased by 0.85
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Overseas businesses             2,357,228,858.67    1,963,447,772.94      16.71             -3.45              6.68 Decreased by 7.90
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Construction contracting        2,351,454,586.54    2,136,380,472.58       9.15            -12.55              -9.74 Decreased by 2.83
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points
                                 Others                           294,643,521.36      101,641,150.86       65.50             26.90             33.24 Decreased by 1.64
                                                                                                                                                         percentage points


104    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



   Main Businesses by Region


                                                                                          Increase/         Increase/
                                                                                        decrease in       decrease in     Increase/decrease in
                                                                                        revenue as     operating cost    gross profit margin as
                                                                         Change        compared to    as compared to              compared to
   By region                             Revenue       Operating Cost    Ratio (%) the last year (%) the last year (%)        the last year (%)


   China                         32,195,563,686.75   22,609,844,001.21      29.77              7.21              6.93         Increased by 0.18
                                                                                                                             percentage points
   Other countries and regions    2,357,228,858.67    1,963,447,772.94      16.71             -3.45              6.68        Decreased by 7.90
                                                                                                                             percentage points


   Explanation on performance of main businesses by industry, terminal market and region


   In terms of operating income, the Company remained focused on its core businesses. Revenue
   from rail transit control systems increased by 7.97% year on year, with revenue from the design
   and integration segment rising by 14.33%. The design and integration units of the Company
   accelerated project implementation and expanded sales scale, driving significant growth in
   this sector. Revenue from the construction contracting segment decreased by 12.55% year on
   year, primarily due to the Company’s proactive withdrawal from municipal and civil construction
   businesses. Revenue from the railway segment increased by 13.67% year on year, mainly
   attributable to the accelerated construction progress of the Company’s railway projects in the
   second half of the year.


   In terms of gross profit margin, the Company’s overall gross profit margin remained largely flat
   compared to the same period last year. The gross profit margin of overseas operations declined
   significantly, primarily because the overseas projects undertaken by the Company in the same
   period last year, such as the Hungary section of the Hungary-Serbia Railway project and the
   Guadalajara Line 4 project in Mexico, had higher gross profit margins.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025                    105
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                         (2)    Production and sales analysis table

                                 ✓    Applicable               Not applicable


                                                                                                               Increase/                   Increase/
                                                                                                            decrease in     Increase/ decrease in
                                                                                                             production decrease in       inventory
                                                                                                              output as sales volume         level as
                                                                                                           compared to as compared compared to
                                                                          Production     Sales   Inventory the last year   to the last the last year
                                Main product                      Unit        output   volume        level           (%)     year (%)             (%)

                                Track circuit equipment            Set        32,421   34,963      15,471         -24.15         26.06         -14.11
                                Train control and chain
                                  system equipment                 Set         2,784    2,532         425          34.23          16.25       145.66
                                Signal relay               10,000 sets            61       58           9          17.31          -1.69        50.00
                                Turnout switch equipment           Set        17,610   16,291       2,405          26.49          14.31       121.45
                                Transponder device         Station/Unit       31,430   36,543      21,531         -37.46         -11.85       -19.19


                                Explanation of output and sales volume None


                         (3)    The performance of the material procurement contract and material sales contract

                                      Applicable           ✓   Not applicable




106    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



(4)   Cost analysis table

                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan             Currency: RMB


      By segment


                                                                                                                                                        Change of the
                                                                                                                                                       amount for the
                                                                                                                                   Percentage of       current period
                                                                                                                                  amount for the         as compared
                                                                                   Percentage of                                  corresponding         to that for the
                                                                                   amount for the            Amount for the     period of the last     corresponding
                                                               Amount for the    current period in   corresponding period of    year in total cost period of last year      Situation
      By industry                Cost item                      current period      total cost (%)              the last year                 (%)                  (%)    description


      Equipment manufacturing    Raw material, subcontracting 4,362,951,523.98              17.76           4,162,381,332.66                18.11                 4.82
                                   costs, labour cost, etc.
      Design and integration     Raw material, subcontracting 8,489,158,754.75              34.55           7,415,408,915.11                32.26                14.48
                                   costs, labour cost, etc.
      System implementation      Raw material, subcontracting 9,483,159,871.98              38.59           8,964,483,016.57                39.00                 5.79
                                   costs, labour cost, etc.
      Construction contracting   Raw material, subcontracting 2,136,380,472.58               8.69           2,366,850,330.61                10.30                -9.74
                                   costs, labour cost, etc.
      Others                     Labor cost, subcontracting    101,641,150.86                0.41              76,286,831.76                 0.33                33.24
                                   costs, etc.




                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025                          107
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                By terminal market


                                                                                                                                                                                   Change of the
                                                                                                                                                                                  amount for the
                                                                                                                                                              Percentage of       current period
                                                                                                                                                             amount for the         as compared
                                                                                                              Percentage of                                  corresponding         to that for the
                                                                                                              amount for the            Amount for the     period of the last     corresponding
                                                                                          Amount for the    current period in   corresponding period of    year in total cost period of last year      Situation
                                By product                 Cost item                      current period       total cost (%)              the last year                 (%)                  (%)    description


                                Railway                    Raw material, subcontracting 15,067,002,285.53              61.32          13,232,732,861.99                57.57                13.86
                                                             costs, labour cost, etc
                                Urban transit              Raw material, subcontracting 5,304,820,092.24               21.59           5,469,053,993.93                23.79                -3.00
                                                             costs, labour cost, etc.
                                Overseas businesses        Raw material, subcontracting 1,963,447,772.94                7.99           1,840,486,408.42                 8.01                 6.68
                                                             costs, labour cost, etc.
                                Construction contracting   Raw material, subcontracting 2,136,380,472.58                8.69           2,366,850,330.61                10.30                -9.74
                                                             costs, labour cost, etc.
                                Others                     Labor cost, subcontracting     101,641,150.86                0.41              76,286,831.76                 0.33                33.24
                                                             costs, etc.


                                Other explanations of cost analysis


                                Operating cost in 2025 was RMB24,573 million, representing an increase of 6.91% which was
                                0.51 percentage points higher than the increase in revenue, as compared to RMB22,985 million
                                in the corresponding period of last year. The cost of the equipment manufacturing sector was
                                RMB4,363 million, an increase of 4.82% compared to the same period last year. The cost of
                                the design integration sector was RMB8,489 million, an increase of 14.48% compared to the
                                same period last year. The cost of the system delivery service sector was RMB9,483 million, an
                                increase of 5.79% compared to the same period last year. The cost of the general contracting
                                sector was RMB2,136 million, a decrease of 9.74% compared to the same period last year.




108    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



(5)   Changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in the equity of major
      subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

           Applicable      ✓      Not applicable


(6)   Information about significant changes in or adjustments to the Company’s business, products or
      services during the Reporting Period


           Applicable      ✓      Not applicable


(7)   Major sales customers and key suppliers overview


      Customers or suppliers under common control are presented on a combined basis, except for
      those under the de facto control of the same state-owned assets supervision and administration
      authority.


      Explanation on the combined presentation of the following customer and supplier information
      under the same control basis


      The Company presents customers or suppliers under common control on a combined basis,
      except for those under the de facto control of the same state-owned assets supervision and
      administration authority.




                                                                             Annual Report 2025        109
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                A.      Information about main customers of the Company

                                        ✓       Applicable          Not applicable


                                        Sales to the top five customers amounted to RMB18,484,702,000, accounting for 53.50%
                                        of the total annual sales. Among which, sales to related parties among the top five
                                        customers were RMB0, representing 0% of the total annual sales.


                                        Top five customers of the Company

                                        ✓       Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: ’0,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                        Whether there
                                                                                                                           is a related
                                                                                                                                 party
                                                                                                     Percentage of       Relationship
                                                   Name of                                             annual total     with the listed
                                        No         customer                                Sales          sales (%)          company


                                        1          China National Railway Group      1,270,826.62             36.78                 No
                                                   Co., Ltd.
                                        2          China Railway Engineering          219,993.96               6.37                 No
                                                   Group Company Limited
                                        3          China Railway Construction         146,597.33               4.24                 No
                                                   Corporation
                                        4          Shanghai Jiushi Company            115,096.03               3.33                 No
                                                   Limited
                                        5          Beijing Infrastructure              95,956.26               2.78                 No
                                                   Investment Co., Ltd.


                                        Total      /                                 1,848,470.20             53.50                   /




110    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



        Circumstances where the sales to a single customer exceeded 50% of the total sales,
        there were new customers among the top 5 customers or there was heavy reliance on a
        few customers during the Reporting Period

                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


        During the year 2025, none of the Directors, their close associates or Shareholders of
        the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the issued
        shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares)) had any interests in the top five
        customers of the Group.


        Top five sales customers of trading business with revenue accounting for over 10% of
        total operating revenue during the Reporting Period

                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


   B.   Company’s key suppliers overview

        ✓       Applicable        Not applicable


        Purchases from the top five customers amounted to RMB1,823,459,800, representing
        7.42% of total annual purchases. Purchases from related parties included in the top five
        customers amounted to RMB0, representing 0% of total annual purchases.


        Top five suppliers of the Company

        ✓       Applicable        Not applicable


                                                                Unit: ’0,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                                                    Whether there
                                                                                       is a related
                                                                  Percentage of               party
                                                                    annual total     Relationship
                                                    Purchase          purchase      with the listed
        No          Name of supplier                 amount         amount (%)           company


        1           China Railway Engineering       54,676.31               2.23                No
                      Group Company Limited
        2           Zhongtian Technology Group      38,171.62               1.55                No
                      Co., Ltd.
        3           China National Railway Group    32,478.45               1.32                No
                      Co., Ltd.
        4           Alstom Ltd.                     29,333.56               1.19                No
        5           China State Construction        27,686.04               1.13                No
                      Group Limited


        Total       /                              182,345.98               7.42                  /




                                                                           Annual Report 2025         111
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                                        Circumstances where the purchases from a single supplier exceeded 50% of the total
                                        amount, there were new suppliers among the top five suppliers or there was a heavy
                                        reliance on a few suppliers during the Reporting Period


                                             Applicable         ✓   Not applicable


                                        Top five suppliers of trading business with revenue accounting for over 10% of total
                                        operating revenue during the Reporting Period


                                             Applicable         ✓   Not applicable


                                C.      The Company generated revenue from trading business during the Reporting Period


                                             Applicable         ✓   Not applicable


                 iii.    Expenses

                         ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in selling expenses: Mainly due to an increase in employee
                         compensation within selling expenses, driven by business growth.


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in administrative expenses: Mainly due to an increase in employee
                         compensation within administrative expenses, driven by business growth.


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in financial expenses: Mainly due to the increase in interest
                         expenses arising from additional borrowings and the decrease in interest income resulting from a
                         decrease in average daily deposits during the period, leading to higher financial expenses.


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in research and development expenses: The continued increase in
                         R&D investment led to a rise in research and development expenses for the period.



                 iv.     Cash flow

                         ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from operating activities: Primarily due to a
                         significant decrease in the net increase of customer deposits and interbank placements, coupled with
                         a decrease in cash received from the sale of goods and provision of services compared to the same
                         period last year.


                         Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from investing activities: Primarily due to the
                         increase in time deposits with maturities exceeding three months that are unencumbered and not
                         restricted for use, leading to an increase in cash outflows from investing activities and a decrease in net
                         cash flow from investing activities.




112    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                       SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
             ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



            Explanation on reasons for changes in net cash flow from financing activities: Primarily due to an
            increase in cash received from borrowings during the period, leading to an increase in net cash flow
            from financing activities.


b)   Explanation on material changes in profit due to non-main businesses

          Applicable              ✓       Not applicable




c)   Analysis of assets and liabilities

     ✓    Applicable                      Not applicable


     1.     Assets-Liabilities analysis table

                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB



                                                                                    Percentage of                                                        Change of the
                                                                                    amount at the                                Percentage of       amount at the end
                                                              Amount at the     end of the current                          amount at the end      of the current period
                                                           end of the current   period to the total   Amount at the end    of last period to the   as compared to that
            Name of Project                                           period           assets (%)         of last period       total assets (%)       of last period (%)


            Bills receivable                                1,464,349,227.45                  1.24     1,105,165,396.54                    0.94                   32.50
            Accounts receivable                            25,001,461,400.76                 21.13    26,973,365,116.63                   22.88                    -7.31
            Contract assets                                32,848,758,789.78                 27.76    32,470,218,198.16                   27.54                    1.17
            Development expenditure                           307,502,933.27                  0.26       154,044,752.34                    0.13                   99.62
            Accounts payable                               39,220,108,544.27                 33.15    42,735,743,855.81                   36.25                    -8.23
            Deposits received and interbank deposits        1,035,278,439.21                  0.87     3,001,258,120.80                    2.55                  -65.51
            Non-current liabilities due within one year       489,815,377.77                  0.41       189,549,251.32                    0.16                  158.41
            Long-term borrowings                            7,515,803,923.00                  6.35     3,333,970,469.20                    2.83                  125.43
            Deferred revenue                                  203,625,846.33                  0.17       120,135,472.93                    0.10                   69.50

            Other explanation


            Increase in bills receivable: Mainly due to a decrease in cash collections from sales and an increase in
            collections through bills receivable during the period.


            Increase in development expenditure: Mainly due to an increase in R&D investment expenditures.


            Decrease in Deposits received and interbank deposits: Mainly due to a decrease in deposits from non-
            listed entities of CRSC Group at the finance company.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025                       113
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                         Increase in non-current liabilities due within one year: Mainly due to an increase in long-term borrowings
                         maturing within the next year.


                         Increase in long-term borrowings: Mainly due to an additional RMB4,000 million in entrusted loans from
                         CRSC Group.


                         Increase in deferred revenue: Mainly due to the addition of new subsidy projects during the period that
                         have not yet been amortized and recognized as revenue.


                         Reasons for the Company’s lack of profitability and its impact on the Company


                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


                  2.     Information of overseas assets

                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


                 3.      Major assets subject to restriction by the end of the Reporting Period

                         ✓      Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                         Item                                                                                 Closing book value


                         Monetary funds                                                                              542,779,025.99
                         Bills receivable                                                                            269,808,807.17
                         Accounts receivable                                                                         812,083,256.38
                         Long-term receivables                                                                       228,850,000.00
                         Other non-current assets                                                                   4,720,800,585.00
                         Intangible assets                                                                            84,289,048.63
                         Construction in progress                                                                    327,820,102.20


                 4.      Other explanation

                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable




114    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                        SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
              ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



d)   Industry operational information analysis

      ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


     For detailed information, please refer to the Company’s “SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS”.


e)   Investment situation analysis

     Overall analysis of investment in external equities

      ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


      Investment Amount during the Reporting           Investment Amount for the
                    Period (RMB)                   Same Period Last Year (RMB)     Magnitude of Change


                   3,579,400,090.29                        3,019,245,621.94              18.55%


     i.      Material equity investment

                 Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


     ii.     Material non-equity investment

                 Applicable      ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       115
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                        iii.    Financial assets measured at fair value

                                ✓    Applicable                Not applicable


                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                           Accumulated
                                                        Gain/loss on           changes
                                                            fair value      in fair value   Impairment          Amount     Amount sold/
                                                        changes for          recognised     accrued for      purchased     redeemed for                           Closing
      Assets category                 Opening balance     the period           in equity     the period   for the period     the period   Other changes           balance



      Others                         1,212,543,806.03               –    -170,192,501.91              –   355,384,301.90              –               –   1,397,735,606.02


      Total                          1,212,543,806.03               –    -170,192,501.91              –   355,384,301.90              –               –   1,397,735,606.02


                                Securities investment


                                     Applicable         ✓      Not applicable


                                Derivatives investment


                                     Applicable         ✓      Not applicable


                        iv.     Private equity fund investment

                                     Applicable         ✓      Not applicable


                         v.     Details about the progress of significant asset restructuring and integration
                                during the Reporting Period

                                     Applicable         ✓      Not applicable




116           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                         SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
               ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



vi     Major asset and equity sales

            Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


vii    Analysis of major holding and associated companies

       ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


       For details, please refer to “VII. (XVII) to Items in the Consolidated Financial Statements” and “X. Interests in
       Other Entities” of Section IX Financial Report.


viii   Status of the structured entity controlled by the Company

            Applicable      ✓   Not applicable




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        117
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



      VI. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OVER THE FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF
          THE COMPANY
          I.      Industry landscape and trends

                  ✓   Applicable           Not applicable


                  In 2025, China’s railway industry maintained steady development across three core areas: network construction,
                  investment scale, and passenger/freight transportation. The railway network continued to expand, fixed asset
                  investments effectively supported stable growth, and transport volumes showed steady increases, collectively
                  demonstrating high-quality development. This has created substantial demand for supporting industries such
                  as railway control systems. The overall competitive landscape of China’s rail transit industry is not expected
                  to change significantly in the short term. Due to qualification and performance thresholds, the high-speed
                  rail weak current system integration business will continue to see competition mainly from CRSC and China
                  Railway Electrification Bureau, China Railway Wuhan Electrification Bureau, and China Railway Construction
                  Electrification Bureau, along with other subsidiaries of China Railway Engineering Group and China Railway
                  Construction Group. In the core railway control system sector, companies like China Academy of Railway
                  Sciences and HollySys will continue to intensely compete with CRSC in one or more subsystem products.
                  However, for the foreseeable future, CRSC’s market leadership position remains secure.


                  In the field of urban rail transit, with continuous expansion of metro lines and stations, steadily growing
                  passenger flows, and increasingly complex network structures, the industry faces mounting pressures in
                  construction, operation, and maintenance. High operational costs have become a widely recognized industry
                  “pain point,” making intelligent upgrades a systematic solution to achieve cost reduction and efficiency
                  improvement in metro operations. In the field of urban rail control system, from the perspective of overall market
                  performance in recent years, the Company has demonstrated a clear competitive advantage in signal system
                  renewal and transformation. At the same time, the market remained dominated by the leading enterprises. The
                  market share of each enterprise may fluctuate to some extent as the demand for investment drive in some cities
                  gradually increases and new competitors continue to emerge.


                  Internationally, companies in the rail transit control system sector are gradually consolidating. In recent years,
                  Alstom has acquired Bombardier’s railway business, and Hitachi has acquired Thales’ ground transportation
                  systems business, both of which have enhanced their integration capabilities and competitive strength. It is
                  foreseeable that in the near term, companies such as Siemens, Alstom, and Hitachi, which have been deeply
                  entrenched in the global market for many years, will maintain their leading position. However, China State
                  Railway Group (CRSC), supported by the national “Belt and Road” policy, world-class technological levels, and
                  rich project implementation experience, will continue to enhance its brand recognition and global influence as
                  its operational layout improves and operational capabilities grow.




118    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                         SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
               ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



ii.    Corporate development strategy

       ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


       Adhering to the development philosophy of “people-oriented, safety first, and excellence for long-term success”,
       and anchored to the strategic positioning of “a global leader in intelligent control industries”, the Company will
       deepen its presence in the two industrial sectors of “rail transit + low-altitude economy”, deploy four intelligent
       system businesses in areas such as smart rail transit, smart low-altitude economy, smart cities, and intelligent
       operations, develop the intelligent terminal equipment industry, and forge five pillars including “Technological
       CRSC, Lean CRSC, Safe CRSC, Value CRSC, and Dynamic CRSC” to build a “major national asset” in the
       field of intelligent control and become a world-class enterprise with outstanding contributions to technological
       innovation, industrial control, and safety support.


iii.   Business plan

       ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


       In 2026, CRSC will adhere to the principle of stability, seeking progress while maintaining stability. The Company
       will focus on its ultimate goal of becoming a “major national asset” in the field of intelligent control. The focus
       will be on the two industrial sectors of “rail transit + low-altitude economy”, consolidating and deepening the
       new advantages of the full industrial chain of rail transit through digital intelligence empowerment. The Company
       will accelerate the shaping of the “three industries and one ecosystem” industrial structure for the low-altitude
       economy through effective market implementation. It will adhere to the principle of achieving success through
       quality while leveraging the economies of scale. The Company will fully strive to achieve all business targets for
       2026, laying a solid foundation for the business development and start of the 15th Five-Year Plan.


iv.    Others

            Applicable      ✓   Not applicable




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         119
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



      VII. OTHER DISCLOSURES
          (I)     Environmental Policies and Performance of the Company

                  Information regarding the environmental policies and performance of the Company is set out in Section V
                  “Environmental, Social Responsibility and Other Corporate Governance” of this report.


                  Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company will be contained in the
                  “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” to be published simultaneously with the date of this annual
                  report of the Company 2025.


          (II)    Compliance with Laws and Regulations

                  As the principal business of the Group is to provide customers with one-stop professional services for the
                  design and integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery of rail transit control systems, the Group is
                  regulated by the policies and relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, such as the Railway Law of the People’s
                  Republic of China, the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, and other competent government
                  authorities. Such laws, regulations and policies mainly govern the operation and management relating to the
                  railway industry. In addition, the Group is also required to comply with the provisions of general laws and
                  regulations on quality, work safety, environmental protection, intellectual property rights, labor and personnel.
                  Breach of such laws and regulations may result in penalties including warnings, fines and orders, which may
                  adversely affect the business operations and future development of the Group.


                  Furthermore, pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations, the design and integration, product manufacturing
                  and system delivery services businesses of the Group are required to obtain and maintain valid permits,
                  licenses, certificates and approvals from various government authorities or institutions. To maintain the permits,
                  licenses, certificates and approvals of the Group, the Group is required to comply with the restrictions and
                  conditions imposed by government authorities at all levels. If the Group fails to comply with or meet any of the
                  statutory requirements or conditions necessary for maintaining the permits, licenses, certificates and approvals,
                  the permits, licenses, certificates and approvals of the Group may be temporarily suspended or even revoked,
                  and the renewal of such permits, licenses, certificates and approvals upon expiry may be delayed or refused,
                  thereby having a material adverse effect on the business, financial position and operating results of the Group.


                  As a joint stock limited company incorporated in the PRC and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                  Limited and the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company
                  is required to comply with the Company Law, the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
                  Guidelines for Comprehensive Risk Management of Central Enterprises issued by the State-owned Assets
                  Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and other relevant domestic laws and
                  regulations, as well as the Listing Rules and other securities regulatory rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong
                  Kong Limited and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Group has implemented internal controls to ensure
                  compliance with such laws and regulations. Having reviewed the business of the Group, the Board is of the
                  opinion that the Group has complied in all material respects with the requirements of the relevant laws and
                  regulations.




120    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                          SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



        As the Group’s principal business is to provide customers with one stop professional services for the design
        and integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery of rail transit control systems, it is regulated
        by the policies and relevant laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China, including the Railway
        Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, as well as
        other competent government authorities. Such laws, regulations and policies primarily govern the operation
        and management of the railway industry. In addition, the Group is required to comply with general laws and
        regulations governing quality, work safety, environmental protection, intellectual property rights, labor and
        personnel matters. Violation of such laws and regulations may result in sanctions including warnings, fines and
        orders, which could adversely affect the Group’s business operations and future development.


        Furthermore, under applicable laws and regulations, the Group’s design and integration, product manufacturing
        and system delivery services businesses must obtain and maintain valid permits, licenses, certificates and
        approvals from various government authorities or agencies. To maintain the Group’s permits, licenses, certificates
        and approvals, the Group must comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by government authorities
        at all levels. If the Group fails to comply with or satisfy any of the statutory requirements or conditions necessary
        for maintaining such permits, licenses, certificates and approvals, they may be temporarily suspended or even
        revoked, and renewal upon expiry may be delayed or refused, thereby having a material adverse effect on the
        Group’s business, financial position and operating results.


        As a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China and listed on The Stock Exchange
        of Hong Kong Limited and the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
        the Company is required to comply with the Company Law, the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of
        China, the Guidelines for Comprehensive Risk Management of Central Enterprises issued by the State-owned
        Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and other relevant domestic laws and
        regulations, as well as the Listing Rules and other securities regulatory rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong
        Kong Limited and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Group has implemented internal controls to ensure
        compliance with such laws and regulations. Having reviewed the Group’s business, the Board is of the opinion
        that the Group has complied in all material respects with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations.


(III)   Results and Distributions

        The annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the financial position of the Group as
        at 31 December 2025 are set out in Section XI “Financial Report” of this report”.


        Details of the implementation of the cash dividend policy of the Company during the Reporting Period are set
        out in Section V “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


(IV)    Proposed Dividend Distribution and Dividend Policy

        The proposed dividend distribution and dividend policy of the Company are set out in Section V “Corporate
        Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         121
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



          (V)      Issued Share Capital

                   As at 31 December 2025, the total share capital of the Company was RMB10,589,819,000, divided into
                   10,589,819,000 shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each. Details of the movements in the share capital of
                   the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note VII. (LV) to the Financial Report in Section IX of this
                   report.


          (VI)     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company

                   Save as disclosed in this report, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any
                   of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules of The
                   Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited)) during the Reporting Period pursuant to the Listing Rules of The Stock
                   Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


                   As at 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries held any treasury shares of the Company.


          (VII)    Property, Plant and Equipment

                   Details of the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year 2025 are set out in note VII. (XXI) to the
                   Financial Report in Section IX of this report.


                   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group did not own any investment properties or properties held for
                   development and/or sale in respect of which one or more of the percentage ratios (as defined in Rule 14.04(9)
                   of the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) exceeded 5%.


          (VIII)   Taxation

                   Details of the taxation of the Group for the year 2025 are set out in note VI to the Financial Report in Section IX
                   of this report.


          (IX)     Events After the Balance Sheet Date

                   Details of the events after the balance sheet date of the Group are set out in note XVII to the Financial Report in
                   Section IX of this report.


          (X)      Capital Reserve, Surplus Reserve and Special Reserve

                   Details of the capital reserve, surplus reserve and special reserve of the Group for the year 2025 are set out in
                   note VII. (LVII), (LXI), (LX) to the Financial Report in Section IX of this report.


          (XI)     Distributable Reserves

                   The distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note VII. (LXII) to the Financial
                   Report in Section IX of this report.




122    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                            SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                  ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



(XII)    Employees

         Employees are key to the sustainable development of the Group. Information regarding the employees of the
         Group is set out in Section V “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


(XIII)   Bank Borrowings and Other Borrowings

         As at 31 December 2025, details of the bank borrowings and other borrowings of the Group are set out in note
         VII. (XXXII), (XLVII) to the Financial Report in Section IX of this report.


(XIV) Donations

         For details of the donations made by the Company for the year 2025, please refer to Section V “Corporate
         Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


(XV) Directors and Senior Management

         Information regarding the directors and senior management of the Company is set out in Section V “Corporate
         Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


(XVI) Changes in Directors and Senior Management

         Details of changes in the directors and senior management of the Company are set out in Section V “Corporate
         Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


(XVII)   Directors’ Service Contracts

         Each director has entered into a service contract with the Company. The principal terms of the service contracts
         include: (1) the term of office commences from the date of appointment and ends on the date of expiry of the
         current term of the Board; and (2) the contract may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the respective
         contract.


         Save as disclosed above, none of the directors has entered into, nor proposes to enter into, any service contract
         with any member of the Group (other than contracts expiring within one year or terminable by the employer
         within one year without payment of any compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


         Save for the service contracts, the Company has not entered into, nor is there existing, any management and
         administrative contract in respect of all or any material part of the business.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        123
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



          (XVIII)   Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

                    Remuneration of the directors of the Company is paid in the form of fees, salaries, contributions to retirement
                    benefit schemes, discretionary bonuses, housing and other allowances and benefits in kind.


                    Details of the remuneration of the directors, supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of the Company
                    are set out in note XIV. (V) to the Financial Report in Section IX of this report.


                    During the Reporting Period, details of the remuneration bands of the senior management whose biographies
                    are set out in this report (excluding Dr. Wei Weifeng, one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, who
                    is a director and chief executive officer of Fangyuan Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited) are set out
                    in Section V “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


          (XIX) Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts

                    During the Reporting Period, the Group has not directly or indirectly entered into any material transactions,
                    arrangements or contracts which were entered into during the year or remained in force at the end of the year,
                    in which any director or supervisor or an entity connected with them had a material interest and which were
                    related to the business of the Company.


                    1.     Interests of Directors in Competing Businesses

                            During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this report, none of the directors and their respective
                            associates had any competing interests in any business which competes or may compete, directly or
                            indirectly, with the business of the Company.


                    2.     Directorships of Directors in Competing Businesses

                            The Group has a competitive relationship with part of the businesses of CRSC Group. During the
                            Reporting Period, Mr. Lou Qiliang, Executive Director, and Mr. Zhang Quan, former Executive Director
                            of the Company devoted substantially all of their time to the management of the daily operations of
                            the Company. Details of the directors of the Company holding positions in CRSC Group are set out in
                            Section V “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” of this report.


                            Save as disclosed in this report, none of the directors, supervisors and associates of the Company had
                            any interests in any business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group, or any
                            other conflicts of interest with the Group. The Company further confirms that save as disclosed above, as
                            at the date of this report, the senior management of the Company are not involved in the daily operations
                            of the businesses of CRSC Group which compete with the business of the Group.




124    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                             SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                   ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



(XX) Interests and Short Positions of Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company
     in the Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated
     Corporations

          As at 31 December 2025, none of the directors and the chief executive of the Company had any interests and/or
          short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as
          defined in Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance) which are required to be notified to the Company
          and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and
          Futures Ordinance (including interests or short positions deemed or treated as held pursuant to the relevant
          provisions of the Securities and Futures Ordinance), or which are required to be entered in the register referred
          to in section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or which are required to be notified to the Company
          and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
          Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
          Limited (the “Model Code”).


(XXI) Rights of Directors to Purchase Shares or Debentures

          None of the directors or their respective associates has been granted any rights by the Company or its
          subsidiaries to purchase shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, or exercised any
          such rights.


(XXII)    Financial, Business and Kinship Relationships between Directors and Senior
          Management

          As at the date of this report, there are no financial, business or kinship relationships between the directors and
          senior management of the Company.


(XXIII)   Directors’ Insurance and Permitted Indemnity Provisions

          As at the date of this report, the Company has taken out valid directors’ insurance in respect of its directors,
          and the directors of the Company may be indemnified out of the assets and profits of the Company against all
          actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which may be incurred by them in the performance of
          their duties.


(XXIV) Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders in Shares and Underlying
       Shares

          Information regarding the shareholdings of substantial shareholders in the Company is set out in Section VII “
          Changes in Shares and Particulars Of Shareholders” of this report.


(XXV) Pre-emptive Rights, Share Schemes

          For the year 2025, the Company did not have any pre-emptive rights or share schemes; neither the PRC laws
          nor the articles of association of the Company contain express provisions regarding pre-emptive rights.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         125
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



          (XXVI) Public Float

                  As at the date of this report, based on the publicly available information of the Company and so far as the
                  directors of the Company are aware, the Company has sufficient public float to meet the minimum public float
                  requirement under Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


          (XXVII) Connected Transactions

                  Details of the connected transactions of the Company are set out in Section VI “Material Matters” of this report.


          (XXVIII) Related Party Transactions

                  During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into certain transactions with parties regarded as “related
                  parties” in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Details of the related party transactions entered
                  into by the Group during the Reporting Period are disclosed in note XIV to the financial statements. Save as
                  disclosed in this report, the related party transactions disclosed in note XIV are not regarded as connected
                  transactions as defined in the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, or are exempt from
                  the requirements of notification, announcement and shareholders’ approval pursuant to the Listing Rules of The
                  Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Matters which constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of
                  the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited have complied with the disclosure requirements
                  of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


          (XXIX) Non-Exempt Connected Transactions

                  Save as disclosed in this report, the Company has not entered into any other non-exempt connected
                  transactions as defined in the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited with connected
                  persons during the Reporting Period.


          (XXX) Audit and Risk Management Committee

                  The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company has reviewed the annual results and annual report
                  of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025, and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
                  Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


          (XXXI) Accounting Policies

                  Details of changes in the accounting policies of the Company are set out in **Section VI “Material Matters” of
                  this report**.


          (XXXII) Auditors

                  On 9 June 2023, the Company's shareholders' meeting reviewed and approved the reappointment of BDO
                  China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company's financial statements and
                  internal control for the year 2023, with a term of one year. The total audit fee amounted to RMB6.36 million, of
                  which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.30 million.




126    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                        SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
              ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



      On 13 June 2024, the Company's shareholders' meeting reviewed and approved the appointment of BDO China
      Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the financial statements and internal control for
      the year 2024, with a term of one year. The total audit fee amounted to RMB6.65 million, of which the internal
      control audit fee was RMB0.34 million.


      On 23 June 2025, the Company's shareholders' meeting reviewed and approved the appointment of BDO China
      Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the financial statements and internal control
      for the year 2025, with a term of one year. The total audit fee amounted to RMB6.7 million, of which the internal
      control audit fee was RMB0.34 million.


(XXXIII) Retirement Benefit Plans

     Post-employment Benefits

      The Group classifies post-employment benefit plans into defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. A
      defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into
      an independent fund and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. A defined benefit
      plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. During the Reporting Period,
      the principal post-employment benefits of the Group that are defined contribution plans are basic endowment
      insurance, enterprise annuities and unemployment insurance contributions made for employees; the principal
      post-employment benefits that are defined benefit plans are supplementary retirement benefits.


     1.      Basic Endowment Insurance

             Pursuant to the relevant regulations of the PRC, employees of the Group participate in the social basic
             endowment insurance organized and implemented by the local labor and social security authorities.


             The Group contributes endowment insurance premiums to the local social basic endowment insurance
             authorities at the base and percentage for social basic endowment insurance contributions stipulated
             locally. The social basic endowment insurance contributions above are charged to profit or loss in the
             period in which they are incurred on an accrual basis. After the retirement of employees, the local labor
             and social security authorities pay social basic pensions to the retired employees.


     2.      Enterprise Annuities

             Employees of the Group participate in the Enterprise Annuity Plan of China Railway Signal &
             Communication Corporation Limited (the “Annuity Plan”) established by the Group pursuant to the
             relevant policies of the national enterprise annuity system on the basis of participating in the social
             basic endowment insurance. The Group contributes to the Annuity Plan at a certain percentage of the
             total wages of employees, and the corresponding expenses are charged to profit or loss in the period in
             which they are incurred.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        127
      SECTION IV MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS AND REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



                 3.      Supplementary Retirement Benefits

                         The Group provides supplementary retirement benefits beyond the insurance system stipulated by
                         the state for domestic employees who retired on or before December 31, 2012. Such supplementary
                         retirement benefits are defined benefit plans. The obligation of the Group in respect of supplementary
                         retirement benefits is calculated by actuarially estimating the amount of benefits promised by
                         the Group to employees after their retirement. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the relevant
                         obligation is discounted at the yield of similar Chinese government bonds for the period. Service costs
                         and net interest related to supplementary retirement benefits are recognized in profit or loss, while
                         remeasurements are recognized in other comprehensive income. Pursuant to the requirements of
                         accounting standards, the Group conducts actuarial valuations in respect of its defined benefit plans
                         and makes provisions for liabilities. However, there are no plan assets used for the defined benefit plans,
                         and there was no funding in respect thereof as at 31 December 2025.


          (XXXIV) Share Linked Agreements

                  The Company has not entered into any share linked agreements.


          (XXXV) Contingent Liabilities

                  As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


          (XXXVI) Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Assets, Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint
                  Ventures

                  During the Reporting Period, the Group had no other material acquisitions and disposals of assets, subsidiaries,
                  associates and joint ventures.


          (XXXVII) Future Plans for Material Investments or Acquisition of Capital Assets

                  As at the date of this report, the Group had no other future plans for material investments or acquisition of
                  capital assets.


          (XXXVIII) Material Investments

                  During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material investments.


                                                                                        By Order of the Board
                                                                   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                                              LOU Qiliang
                                                                                               Chairman




128    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION V                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                                                ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY


I.   RELEVANT EXPLANATIONS ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
      ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


     During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese
     Characteristics for a New Era, studied and implemented the spirit of the important instructions delivered by General
     Secretary Xi Jinping on the work of central enterprises, and implemented the Several Opinions of the State Council on
     Strengthening Regulation, Preventing Risks and Promoting the High-Quality Development of the Capital Market (《國務院
     關於加強監管防範風險推動資本市場高質量發展的若干意見》) as well as the work requirements of the China Securities
     Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC) for
     improving corporate governance. The Company continued to improve its corporate governance mechanism featuring
     statutory powers and responsibilities, transparent authority and accountability, coordinated operation and effective
     checks and balances. The Company strengthened the fundamental role of the articles of association in corporate
     governance, and revised the Articles of Association together with the Rules of Procedure for the Shareholders' meeting,
     Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors, Detailed Working Rules for the Audit and Risk Management Committee of
     the Board of Directors, Detailed Working Rules for the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors, and Measures
     for the Implementation of Board Diversity and Employee (including Senior Management) Diversity, to ensure clear
     responsibilities and standardized procedures. The Company strengthened market value management by issuing
     the Market Value Management System. It strived to improve the quality of development, and studied on lawfully and
     regulatory employed such measures as mergers and acquisitions, equity incentives, share repurchases and increases,
     cash dividends, investor relations management and information disclosure to enhance the investment value of the
     listed company and protect investors’ rights and interests. The Company strictly complied with the Company Law,
     the Securities Law, the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies and other laws and regulations, as well
     as the rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Directors and senior
     management performed their duties in accordance with the law with diligence and loyalty, and the building of the board
     of directors of subsidiaries continued to be deepened.


     The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance Code”) set out in Appendix
     C1 to the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as its corporate governance code. During the Reporting
     Period, save as provided in this section “VII. Board of Directors – 3. Chairman and President”, the Company has
     complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code and, where applicable,
     adopted recommended best practices.


     Whether there is any significant difference between corporate governance and laws, administrative regulations and
     relevant requirements of the CSRC on listed company governance; if there is a significant difference, the reasons shall
     be explained.


           Applicable   ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025        129
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      II.      SPECIFIC MEASURES ADOPTED BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
               AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE
               INDEPENDENCE WITH RESPECT TO ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
               FINANCE, INSTITUTIONS, BUSINESS, ETC., AND SOLUTIONS, WORK
               PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS ADOPTED TO AVOID
               IMPACT ON INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY
                      Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


               The controlling shareholders, actual controllers and other entities under their control are engaged in the same or similar
               business as the Company, as well as the impact of horizontal competition or major changes in horizontal competition on
               the Company, the resolution measures that have been taken, the progress of the resolution and the follow-up resolution
               plan


                      Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


               The controlling shareholders, actual controllers and other entities under their control are engaged in horizontal
               competition that has a significant adverse impact on the Company


                      Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


               For other policies and arrangements relating to investor relations, please refer to the section in Section VI of the
               “Environmental, Social Responsibility and Other Corporate Governance – IV. Other Corporate Governance Conditions (II)
               Investor Relations and Protection” of the Company.


      III. SHAREHOLDER’ S RIGHTS
               To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, the Company will propose a separate resolution for each substantially
               separate issue at shareholders’ meetings, including the election of individual Directors.


               All resolutions put forward at shareholders’ meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Rules Governing the
               Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
               and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange after each shareholders’ meeting.


               Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries to the Board could send their enquiries to the Company’s
               headquarters in the PRC (at 20/F, CRSC Building A, 1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road, Fengtai District,
               Beijing, PRC) or by email to ir@crsc.cn. H shareholders may contact Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
               Limited, the H Share Registrar of the Company, if they have any enquiries about their shareholdings and entitlements to
               dividend.




130         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                          SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                         ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



1.   Convening of extraordinary shareholders' meeting on requisition by shareholders

     According to the Articles of Association of the Company, where shareholders request to hold an extraordinary
     shareholders’ meeting, the following procedures shall be followed:


     i.     Shareholders who individually or jointly hold 10% or more of the voting Shares at the proposed meeting
            may make a proposal to the Board on holding an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting by signing one or
            several written requests with same contents in the same format and define the meeting topic. The above
            shareholders shall guarantee that the contents of the proposal shall be in compliance with the laws,
            regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company. Within 10 days after receiving the aforesaid
            written request, the Board shall provide written feedback indicating whether it agrees or disagrees to
            convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, and shall not unreasonably delay such response. The
            aforesaid number of shares shall be calculated as of the close of the date on which such Shareholders
            request to convene the meeting in writing or, if it falls on a non-trading date, the prior trading date on
            which such shareholders request to convene the meeting in writing;


     ii.    If the Board is unable to or fails to perform its duty of convening an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting,
            the audit and risk management committee shall convene and preside over such meeting in a timely
            manner; if the audit and risk management committee cannot convene and preside over such meeting,
            shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than 10% of the Company’s shares for more than 90
            consecutive days may independently convene and preside over such meeting.


2.   Putting forward proposals at shareholders' meetings

     According to the Articles of Association of the Company, in the event the Company convenes a shareholders’
     meeting, the Board, the audit and risk management committee and shareholders individually or jointly holding
     more than 1% of the Company’s shares are entitled to submit proposals in writing to the Company. Shareholders
     individually or jointly holding more than 1% of the Company’s shares may submit ad hoc proposals to the
     convener in writing ten days prior to the shareholders’ meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary
     notice of the shareholders’ meeting and announce the content of such ad hoc proposals within two days after
     receipt thereof, and submit such proposal to the shareholders’ meeting for consideration, except where the ad
     hoc proposal violates the provisions of laws, administrative regulations, or the Articles of Association, or falls
     outside the scope of authority of the shareholders’ meeting. Except as provided above, the convener shall not
     amend the proposals set out in the notice of the shareholders’ meeting or add any new proposals subsequent
     to the issue of the notice of the shareholders’ meeting. The shareholders’ meeting shall not carry out the voting
     and adopt resolutions on the proposals that are not stated in the notice of the shareholders’ meeting or fail to
     meet the requirements under the Articles of Association of the Company.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         131
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



              3.      Communication with shareholders and investors/investors relations

                      The Company considers effective communication with shareholders essential for enhancing investor relations
                      and investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company also fully
                      recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information, which will enable
                      shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions. Shareholders’ meetings of the Company
                      provide a forum for face-to-face communication between the Board and the shareholders. The chairman of
                      the Board as well as chairmen of the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee and
                      the Audit and Risk Management Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees
                      and, convener of the external Directors and independent Directors, are available to answer questions at
                      shareholders’ meetings.


                      To promote effective communication, the Company establishes its website and posts latest information
                      and updates on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
                      governance practices and other data for public access. The Company has implemented the above shareholders
                      communication policy and believed that it was adequate and effective.


      IV. IMPLEMENTATION AND CHANGES OF VOTING RIGHTS DIFFERENCE
          ARRANGEMENT DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                    Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


      V.      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF RED-CHIP STRUCTURE
                    Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




132        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     VI. DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                        I.   The changes in shareholding and remunerations of current and resigned Directors, Senior Management
                             and core technicians during the Reporting Period

                              ✓       Applicable                  Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: Share


                                                                                                                                                                                                Total Before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration       Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Obtained from      Receive Any
                                                                                                                                  Shareholding at                    Changes in                   the Company       Remuneration
                                                                                                                                   the Beginning    Shareholding    Shareholding                    During the      from Any
                                                                                                           Termination                     of the   at the End of     During the                     Reporting      Related
                                                                                          Start Date of    Date of                     Reporting    the Reporting      Reporting   Reason for           Period      Party of the
                             Name            Position                      Gender   Age   Term of Office   Term of Office                 Period          Period          Period    Changes        (RMB0’000)       Company


                             LOU Qiliang     Executive Director            Male     62    October 2023     The date of rotation                –                –              –            –           112.95      No
                                                                                                           for this board of
                                                                                                           directors
                                             Chairman                                     February 2024    The date of rotation                –                –              –            –                       No
                                                                                                           for this board of
                                                                                                           directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                             DONG Baoliang   Executive Director            Male     53    March 2026       The date of rotation                –                –              –            –                 –     No
                                                                                                           for this board of
                                                                                                           directors
                                             President                                    February 2026    –                                   –                –              –            –                       No
                             YAO Guiqing     Independent Non-executive     Male     70    August 2018      The date of rotation                –                –              –            –                10     No
                                               Director                                                    for this board of
                                                                                                           directors




Annual Report 2025                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)


133
134
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total Before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Obtained from     Receive Any
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholding at                    Changes in                   the Company      Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   the Beginning    Shareholding    Shareholding                    During the     from Any
                                                                                                                                           Termination                     of the   at the End of     During the                     Reporting     Related
                                                                                                                          Start Date of    Date of                     Reporting    the Reporting      Reporting   Reason for           Period     Party of the
                                                           Name            Position                        Gender   Age   Term of Office   Term of Office                 Period          Period          Period    Changes        (RMB0’000)      Company


                                                           YAO Cho Fai     Independent Non-executive       Male     60    February 2022    The date of rotation                –                –              –            –              11.9    No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,

                                                           Andrew            Director                                                      for this board of
                                                                                                                                           directors
                                                           FU Junyuan      Independent Non-executive       Male     64    February 2022    The date of rotation                –                –              –            –                 8    No
                                                                             Director                                                      for this board of
                                                                                                                                           directors
                                                           LI Lianqing     Chief Accountant                Male     57    June 2022        –                                   –                –              –            –           105.33     No
                                                                           Secretary to the Board                         July 2022        –
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           ZHANG Zhihui    Vice President                  Male     50    December 2018    –                                   –                –              –            –           107.18     No
                                                                           Chief Engineer                                 October 2016     –
                                                           WAN Baohua      Vice President                  Male     52    May 2022         –                                   –                –              –            –           107.10     No
                                                           CHEN Shikui     General Legal Adviser, Chief    Male     54    October 2022     –                                   –                –              –            –             64.30    No
                                                                             Compliance Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)

                                                           ZHANG Quan      Executive Director (resigned)   Male     55    August 2022      June 2025                           –                –              –            –              22.5    No
                                                           ZHAO Xiaodong   Vice President (resigned)       Male     51    December 2018    March 2025                          –                –              –            –             94.97    No
                                                           LUO Jing        Employee Director               Female   47    March 2025       The date of rotation                –                –                           –           111.48     No
                                                                                                                                           for this board of
                                                                                                                                           directors
                                                                                                                                                                                         Total Before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                          Obtained from     Receive Any
                                                                                                                           Shareholding at                    Changes in                   the Company      Remuneration
                                                                                                                            the Beginning    Shareholding    Shareholding                    During the     from Any
                                                                                                          Termination               of the   at the End of     During the                     Reporting     Related
                                                                                         Start Date of    Date of               Reporting    the Reporting      Reporting   Reason for           Period     Party of the
                     Name            Position                             Gender   Age   Term of Office   Term of Office           Period          Period          Period    Changes        (RMB0’000)      Company


                                     Chairwoman of CRSC Research &                       January 2025     –
                                       Design Institute Group Co., Ltd.
                                       (CRSCD)
                     FU Gang         Director of the Safety Supervision Male       45    July 2022        –                             –                –              –            –             63.15    No
                                       and Management Department
                                       of China Railway Signal &
                                       Communication Corporation
                                       Limited
                     JIANG Ming      Deputy chief engineer of CRSC        Male     48    February 2017    –                             –                –              –            –           136.24     No
                                       Research & Design Institute
                                       Group Co., Ltd. (CRSCD)
                     LIU Zhen        Deputy general manager, Chief        Male     44    June 2020        –                             –                –              –            –           111.71     No
                                       engineer of the Basic Equipment
                                       Technology Research Institute
                                       of CRSC Research & Design
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                       Institute Group Co., Ltd.
                                       (CRSCD)
                     DENG Hongyuan   Deputy general manager and chief Male         51    May 2018         –                             –                –              –            –             97.13    No
                                       engineer of CRSC Urban Rail
                                       Transit Technology Co., Ltd




Annual Report 2025                                                                                                                                                                                                         ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)


135
136
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total Before-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration      Whether to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Obtained from     Receive Any
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholding at                    Changes in                   the Company      Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   the Beginning    Shareholding    Shareholding                    During the     from Any
                                                                                                                                                 Termination               of the   at the End of     During the                     Reporting     Related
                                                                                                                                Start Date of    Date of               Reporting    the Reporting      Reporting   Reason for           Period     Party of the
                                                           Name            Position                              Gender   Age   Term of Office   Term of Office           Period          Period          Period    Changes        (RMB0’000)      Company


                                                           JIANG Jianhua   Affiliated enterprise dedicated       Male     59    January 2011     –                             –                –              –            –             39.75    No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,

                                                                               external director
                                                           CUI Ke          Chief engineer of the Research        Male     55    January 2018     –                             –                –              –            –           158.78     No
                                                                               & Design Institute of CASCO
                                                                               Signal Ltd.
                                                           LI Hongyan      Product manager of the R&D            Male     47    June 2020        –                             –                –              –            –             42.73    No
                                                                               Centre of CRSC Communication
                                                                               & Information Group Company
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                               Ltd.
                                                           WANG Xiangtao   Consultant of Technology of           Male     61    May 2015         –                             –                –              –            –                 –    No
                                                                               CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd.


                                                           Total           /                                     /        /     /                /                                                                          /           1,405.2    /
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)
                                        SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                       ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Notes:

(1)      Total pre-tax remuneration includes the regular salary paid by the Company in 2025, the payout of the previous
         year's performance bonus, and the payout of the term incentives for the 2022-2024 period. It excludes the
         payout of the previous year's performance bonus and the term incentives for the 2022-2024 period paid by
         other entities.

(2)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Lou Qiliang includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to December 2025, the payout of performance bonus for the term from January to December of the
         previous year, and term incentives for the period from September 2023 to December 2024.

(3)      Dong Baoliang did not receive any remuneration from the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025.

(4)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Li Lianqing includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to December 2025, the payout of performance bonus for the term from January to December of the
         previous year, and part of term incentives for the period from June 2022 to December 2024.

(5)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Zhang Zhihui includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to December 2025, the payout of performance bonus for the term from January to December of the
         previous year, and part of term incentives for the period from April 2022 to December 2024.

(6)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Wan Baohua includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to December 2025, the payout of performance bonus for the term from January to December of the
         previous year, and part of term incentives for the period from April 2022 to December 2024.

(7)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Zhang Quan includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to June 2025.

(8)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Zhao Xiaodong includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company
         from January to February 2025, the settlement of remuneration for the term from January to December of the
         previous year, and term incentives for the period from January 2022 to December 2024.

(9)      Total pre-tax remuneration of Luo Jing includes regular monthly remuneration paid by the Company from
         January to December 2025 and the settlement of remuneration for the term from January to December of the
         previous year.

(10)     Investors are advised to note that the remuneration of enterprise responsible persons disclosed in the above
         table is different from that disclosed on the Company’s official website due to differences in statistical bases of
         the year, remuneration and personnel.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025          137
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                     Major Working Experience


                  LOU Qiliang              He has served as the executive Director since October 2023, and chairman since
                                           February 2024, and served as the president of the Company since September
                                           2023 to September 2024. He has served as a director of China Railway Signal &
                                           Communication Co., Ltd. since September 2023, and as the chairman since January
                                           2024. From September 2023 to September 2024, he served as the general manager
                                           of China Railway Signal & Communication (Group) Corporation Limited. Mr. LOU
                                           previously served as the deputy manager of CRRC Nanjing Puzhen Rolling Stock
                                           Plant, manager and deputy secretary of the party committee, executive director,
                                           general manager and deputy secretary of the party committee of Puzhen Company,
                                           standing committee member of the party committee of CRRC Group, and standing
                                           committee member of the party committee and vice president of CRRC Corporation
                                           Limited. From May 2015 to September 2019, he was a standing committee member
                                           of the party committee and vice president of CRRC Corporation Limited (stock code
                                           601766.SH, 01766.HK). From September 2019 to October 2019, he served as the
                                           deputy secretary of the party committee of CRRC Group Co., Ltd. From October
                                           2019 to December 2019, he served as the deputy secretary of the party committee
                                           and employee director of CRRC Group Co., Ltd., and the deputy secretary of the
                                           party committee of CRRC Corporation Limited. From December 2019 to July 2021,
                                           he served as the deputy secretary of the party committee and employee director of
                                           CRRC Group Co., Ltd., and the deputy secretary of the party committee and executive
                                           director of CRRC Corporation Limited. He successively served as the deputy
                                           secretary of the Party Committee, director and general manager of CRRC Group Co.,
                                           Ltd., and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee and executive director of CRRC
                                           Corporation Limited from July 2021 to August 2021. From August 2021 to September
                                           2023, he served as the deputy secretary of the party committee, director and general
                                           manager of CRRC Group Co., Ltd., and the deputy secretary of the party committee,
                                           executive director and president of CRRC Corporation Limited.




138    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                             SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                            ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Name            Major Working Experience


DONG Baoliang   Mr. DONG Baoliang, born in 1972, is a Chinese national with no right of abode
                overseas. Mr. DONG graduated from Xidian University with a bachelor’s degree in
                Computer Science and Applications, and is a senior engineer. He is currently the
                deputy secretary of the Party Committee, director and general manager of China
                Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited (中 國 鐵 路 通 信 信
                號集團有限公司), as well as the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, executive
                director and the President of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                Limited*.


                From August 1996 to March 2002, he served as an assistant engineer at the 15th
                research institute of the Ministry of Electronics Industry (the Ministry of Information
                Industry). From March 2002 to July 2021, Mr. DONG held various positions at the 15th
                research institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation Limited (CETC),
                including engineer, deputy director of the special equipment technology research
                office, executive deputy director of the command and control systems department,
                director of system division IV and deputy director. From July 2021 to February 2023,
                Mr. DONG served as director of the second military department of CETC. From
                February 2023 to March 2024, Mr. DONG served as chairman and secretary of the
                Party Committee of China Electronics Technology Cyber Security Co., Ltd. (中國電子
                科技網絡信息安全有限公司), as well as the secretary of the Party Committee of the
                30th research institute of CETC. From March 2024 to April 2024, Mr. DONG served
                as chairman of China Electronics Technology Cyber Security Co., Ltd. (中國電子科
                技 網 絡 信 息 安 全 有 限 公 司). From April 2024 to February 2026, Mr. DONG served as
                full-time external director for central state-owned enterprises. From June 2024 to
                February 2026, Mr. DONG was an external director of China Eastern Airlines Holding
                Company Limited (中國東方航空集團有限公司). From July 2024 to February 2026, Mr.
                DONG served as an external director of China FAW Group Corporation Limited (中國
                第一汽車集團有限公司) and an external director of China Automotive Technology and
                Research Center Co., Ltd. (中國汽車技術研究中心公司).




                                                                               Annual Report 2025         139
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                     Major Working Experience


                  YAO Guiqing              He has served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
                                           August 2018. He served as a director of China General Technology Group Co., Ltd.
                                           (中國通用技術集團有限公司) from November 2018 to January 2025. He successively
                                           held several positions in China Railway from February 1990 to March 2018, including
                                           office director of the Party Committee, deputy secretary of the Party Committee of
                                           Jianchang Engineering Bureau, vice chairman of Major Bridge Engineering, vice
                                           chairman of China Railway Sixth Bureau, chairman of China Railway Ninth Bureau,
                                           and deputy secretary of the Party Committee, general manager and vice chairman of
                                           China Railway Engineering Corporation. From September 2007 to March 2018, Mr.
                                           YAO served in several positions in China Railway Group Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong
                                           Stock Exchange, stock code: 0390; listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock
                                           code: 601390), including serving as its vice president, deputy secretary of the Party
                                           Committee, chairman of the labour union, chairman of the supervisory committee
                                           and vice chairman; and he served as its executive director from August 2010 to
                                           March 2018. From December 1971 to February 1990, Mr. YAO served as the head of
                                           the Organisational Department of the committee of the Communist Youth League of
                                           China and the secretary to the committee of the Communist Youth League of China in
                                           Engineering No.3 Bureau of the Ministry of Railway (中國鐵道部第三工程局).


                  YAO Cho Fai Andrew       He has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since February
                                           2022. He is currently the Chairman and chief executive officer of Hong Kong
                                           Shanghai Alliance Holdings Limited, as well as the member of the National People’s
                                           Congress. Since 1994, he has served in several positions in Hong Kong Shanghai
                                           Alliance Holdings Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
                                           1001), including serving as executive director, chief executive officer, and Chairman,
                                           as well as the chairman of the nomination committee, a member of the remuneration
                                           committee and director of some subsidiaries of Hong Kong Shanghai Alliance
                                           Holdings Limited. Since 2004, Mr. YAO has served as independent non-executive
                                           director of Kader Holdings Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                           Exchange, stock code: 0180). He has served as director of China COSCO Shipping
                                           Corporation Limited. since May 2022. From 2015 to 2020, he served as independent
                                           non-executive director of Shanghai Dazhong Public Utilities (Group) Co., Ltd. (listed
                                           on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1635; listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                           Exchange, stock code: 600635). Mr. Yao’s public services include being a member
                                           of the 12th, 13th and 14th National People’s Congress of Hong Kong, Chairman of
                                           Federation of Hong Kong-Shanghai Association, Chairman of the School Council of
                                           Lingnan University in Hong Kong, vice Chairman of the Chinese General Chamber of
                                           Commerce, and a member of the council of Fudan University.




140    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                       SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Name         Major Working Experience


FU Junyuan   He has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since February
             2022. and a director of China Information and Communication Technology Group
             Co., Ltd. since November 2021. Since March 2023, Mr. FU has served as the
             independent non-executive director of Seacon Shipping Group Holdings Ltd. (listed
             on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2409). He served as a member of
             the Standing Committee of the Party Committee and chief accountant in China Poly
             Group Corporation Ltd. from August 2018 to September 2021. From September
             1996 to September 2018, he served in several positions in China Communications
             Construction Group Corporation Limited, including serving as interim member of
             the Party committee and chief accountant in China Communications Construction
             Group Corporation Limited from December 2005 to August 2006. From August 2006
             to November 2006, he served as interim member of the Party committee and director
             in China Communications Construction Group Corporation Limited, during which
             he served as executive director and chief accountant in China Communications
             Construction Company Limited. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
             code: 1800; listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 601800) from
             September 2006 to August 2018. From October 1998 to December 2005, he served
             as chief accountant in China Harbour Engineering Company (Group), during which he
             served as deputy chief accountant in China Harbour Engineering Company (Group)
             from September 1997 to October 1998. Prior to that, Mr. FU worked for more than
             ten years in the Department of Finance of the Ministry of Transport and the CNAO’s
             Transportation Audit Office.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025       141
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                     Major Working Experience


                  LI Lianqing              He has served as a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee
                                           and chief accountant of the Company since June 2022, secretary to the Board
                                           of the Company since July 2022, chairman of labour union of the Company since
                                           February 2026, a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of
                                           China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since May
                                           2022, and chairman of labour union of China Railway Signal and Communication
                                           (Group) Corporation Limited since February 2026. Mr. Li served as a member of the
                                           Party Committee and chief accountant of China Academy of Machinery Science and
                                           Technology Group Co., Ltd. (中 國 機 械 科 學 研 究 總 院 集 團 有 限 公 司) from November
                                           2017 to May 2022 and the chief accountant of Academy of Machinery Science
                                           and Technology (機 械 科 學 研 究 總 院) from February 2017 to November 2017. From
                                           August 2012 to February 2017, he served as the group deputy chief accountant and
                                           director of the Strategic Development Department of China Iron & Steel Research
                                           Institute Group (中 國 鋼 研 科 技 集 團 公 司). From September 2007 to August 2012, he
                                           served as the group deputy chief accountant and director of the Finance Department
                                           of China Iron & Steel Research Institute Group. From January 1999 to September
                                           2007, he successively served as the deputy director of the Finance and Economics
                                           Department, the director of the Finance and Economics Department, the person in
                                           charge of finance, the director of the Planning and Finance Department, the chief
                                           financial officer, the assistant to the president, and a member of the Party Committee
                                           of Advanced Technology & Materials Co., Ltd. (安 泰 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司). From
                                           December 1998 to January 1999, he served as the deputy director of the Finance
                                           and Economics Department of Central Iron & Steel Research Institute of the Ministry
                                           of Metallurgy (冶 金 部 鋼 鐵 研 究 總 院). From September 1993 to December 1998, he
                                           served as an accountant of Beijing Metallurgical Steel Economic and Technological
                                           Development Corporation (Asset Evaluation Centre of the Ministry of Metallurgical
                                           Industry) (北 京 冶 鋼 經 濟 技 術 開 發 總 公 司（冶 金 工 業 部 資 產 評 估 中 心)). From July
                                           1992 to September 1993, he successively served as assistant accountant and
                                           deputy director of the state-owned assets management office of Central Iron & Steel
                                           Research Institute of the Ministry of Metallurgical Industry (冶金工業部鋼鐵研究總院).


                  ZHANG Zhihui             He has served as a vice president of the Company since January 2019 and served
                                           as a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of the Company
                                           since December 2018. He has been a member of the Standing Committee of the
                                           Party Committee of China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
                                           Limited since April 2022. Mr. ZHANG has been the chief engineer of the Company
                                           since October 2016. From November 2015 to October 2016, he served as the deputy
                                           chief engineer of the Company and the chief engineer of CRSCD. From March 2012 to
                                           November 2015, he served as the chief engineer and director of CRSCD. From June
                                           2015 to November 2015, he also served as the dean of CRSCD Electrification Design
                                           Institute. From January 2005 to March 2012, he served as the director of CRSCD
                                           Signal Station.




142    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                       SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Name         Major Working Experience


WAN Baohua   He has served as a vice president of the Company since May 2022. He has been a
             member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of China Railway Signal
             and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited since April 2022. From August 2021
             to date, he has served as the general manager of the Operation Business Department
             (Marketing Department, Engineering Department, International Cooperation
             Department, Traffic Readiness Office) of China Railway Signal & Communication
             Corporation Limited (during which: he studied in the training class of young cadres
             of the Party School of the Central Committee of C. P. C from September to December
             2021). He served as the secretary of the party committee and chairman of the Board
             of directors of CRSC Engineering Group Company Ltd., the general manager of Tianjin
             Engineering Branch of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (中
             國 鐵 路 通 信 信 號 股 份 有 限 公 司 天 津 工 程 分 公 司), and the general manager of Beijing
             Engineering Branch of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             (中國鐵路通信信號股份有限公司北京工程分公司) from April 2020 to September 2021.
             He successively served as the deputy secretary of the party committee, director,
             general manager, secretary of the party committee and chairman of China Railway
             Signal & Communication Shanghai Engineering Bureau Group Co., Ltd. (during which:
             he participated in the special seminar on innovation and development of central
             enterprises at China Executive Leadership Academy Pudong in September 2017)
             from March 2016 to April 2020. He successively served as the deputy director of the
             Electrification Engineering Department of China Railway Signal & Communication
             Corporation Limited and the deputy general manager of CRSC (Zhengzhou)
             Electrification Bureau Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to March 2016. He served as a
             senior engineer of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal
             & Communication Co., Ltd. from August 2014 to October 2014. He successively
             served as the deputy general manager, a member of the party committee, senior
             engineer, vice chairman, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee
             and executive director (legal representative) of China Railway 25th Bureau Group
             Corporation Electric Engineering Co., Ltd. (中鐵二十五局集團電務工程有限公司) from
             July 2004 to August 2014. He successively served as assistant engineer, director
             and deputy manager of the Communication Technology Department of Guangzhou
             Railway Changsha Electric Engineering Company (廣州鐵路長沙電務工程公司) from
             July 1995 to July 2004.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025       143
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                     Major Working Experience


                  CHEN Shikui              He currently serves as the General Legal Adviser and Chief Compliance Officer of
                                           the Company. He served the employee representative supervisor of the Company
                                           from August 2018 to February 2022. Since July 2020, he has been the director of risk
                                           management centre of the Company. He has been the head of the Legal Compliance
                                           Department of the Company since July 2018. He has been a director of CRSC
                                           Construction Group Co., Ltd. (通 號 建 設 集 團 有 限 公 司) since August 2016. He has
                                           served as the director of CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd.
                                           (通號通信信息集團有限公司) from February 2016 to October 2021. He has served as
                                           a supervisor of CRSC (Zhengzhou) Electrification Bureau Co., Ltd. (通號（鄭州）電氣
                                           化局有限公司) since May 2015. From November 2015 to July 2018, Mr. CHEN worked
                                           as the deputy head of the Legal Affairs Department of the Company. From January
                                           2010 to November 2015, Mr. CHEN served in several positions in Beijing National
                                           Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd., including
                                           deputy general counsel, head of legal archives of the enterprise development and
                                           Legal Affairs Department and head of enterprise development and Legal Affairs
                                           Department. From August 2013 to November 2015, he was an assistant in the Legal
                                           Affairs Department of the Company. From July 2007 to January 2010, he served
                                           as the assistant economist and economist of the eastern China Region Operation
                                           & Command Department of China Railway 22nd Bureau Group Co., Ltd. From May
                                           1997 to July 2007, Mr. CHEN worked in the People’s Court of Heze City, Shandong
                                           Province and the People’s Court of Mudan District, Heze City, Shandong Province.




144    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                    ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Name       Major Working Experience


LUO Jing   She has served as the Employee Director of the Company since March 2025, and
           Party Secretary and Chairman of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,
           Ltd. since January 2025. From April 2020 to December 2024, she served as Party
           Secretary and Chairperson of CRSC Communication & Information Group Company
           Ltd. She was Chairman of CRSC Institute of Smart City Research & Design Co., Ltd.
           from April 2018 to April 2020, and Vice Chairman of the same from January 2016
           to April 2018. From June 2013 to January 2016, she served as the deputy general
           manager and chief engineer of CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd. From July 2009
           to June 2013, she was an associate researcher of China Academy of Urban Planning
           & Design. From July 2007 to July 2009, she conducted post-doctoral research in the
           field of architecture at Tsinghua University and served as Assistant Researcher.


FU Gang    He has served as the Director of the Safety Supervision and Management Department
           of the Company since July 2022. He served the deputy secretary of the Party
           Committee and a director of Beijing CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co.,
           Ltd. (CRSCD), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company from April 2020 to July
           2022. He has served as the deputy secretary of the Party Committee (responsible
           for the work of the Party Committee), a director and the deputy general manager of
           CRSCD from April 2020 to September 2021. From July 2018 to April 2020, he served
           as a director, the deputy general manager and chief engineer of CRSCD. From
           February 2017 to July 2018, he served as assistant to general manager of CRSCD.
           He served as the senior engineer of CRSCD from January 2017 to February 2017; as
           the secretary to the General Party Branch and dean of the Signal & Communication
           Design Institute of CRSCD from May 2016 to January 2017; as the dean of the Signal
           & Communication Design Institute and the secretary to the General Party Branch of
           the Signal & Communication Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group
           Co., Ltd. from July 2015 to May 2016; as the dean of the Signal & Communication
           Design Institute and the secretary to the General Party Branch of the Signal &
           Communication Institute of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of
           Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to July 2015; and as engineer,
           deputy director and director of the Technology Management Centre, deputy dean,
           among other roles, of the Signal & Communication Design Institute of Beijing National
           Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from March
           2011 to October 2014.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025       145
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                     Major Working Experience


                  JIANG Ming               He has served as deputy chief engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group
                                           Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since February 2017. Mr.
                                           JIANG served as chief engineer of Security Control Institute of CRSC Research &
                                           Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to November 2018; as chief engineer
                                           of Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from July
                                           2015 to May 2016; as chief engineer of Research Institute of Beijing National Railway
                                           Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from March 2012
                                           to July 2015; he served as the dean of Research Institute of Beijing National Railway
                                           Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co., Ltd. from December
                                           2012 to October 2013; as engineer, senior engineer, chief engineer and among other
                                           roles of the R & D Centre of CRSC Research & Design Institute from August 2007 to
                                           March 2012.


                  LIU Zhen                 He has been the deputy general manager of the Basic Equipment Technology
                                           Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-
                                           owned subsidiary of the Company, since August 2024. He served as the dean,
                                           chief engineer, director of the electronic equipment technology institute of the Basic
                                           Equipment Technology Research Institute of CRSC Research & Design Institute
                                           Group Co., Ltd. from June 2017 to August 2024; as the senior engineer of CRSC
                                           Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from January 2017 to June 2017; as the
                                           deputy director of the Hardware Research Institute of Security Control Institute of
                                           CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to January 2017; as
                                           the deputy director of the Hardware Research Institute of Research Institute of CRSC
                                           Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from January 2016 to May 2016 and as
                                           senior engineer of CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd. from December
                                           2012 to January 2016.




146    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                          SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                         ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Name            Major Working Experience


DENG Hongyuan   Since May 2018, he has served as a the deputy general manager and chief engineer
                of CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                Company. From May 2018 to October 2021, he served as a director of the Company’s
                wholly-owned subsidiary, CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd. From January
                2017 to May 2018, he served as the deputy general manager and chief engineer
                of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication
                Co., Ltd. From April 2016 to January 2017, he served as the deputy chief engineer of
                Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication Co.,
                Ltd., during which he also served as the deputy general manager and chief engineer
                of Beijing Urban Transit Technology Co., Ltd. (北京通號國鐵城市軌道技術有限公司).
                From October 2014 to January 2015, he was the director of the Integration Centre
                of Beijing National Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication
                Co., Ltd. He served successively as the deputy chief engineer, the chief engineer,
                the deputy branch dean, and the dean of the City Traffic Branch of Beijing National
                Railway Research & Design Institute of Signal & Communication (北京全路通信信號
                研究設計院城交分院) from September 2007 to December 2014, during which he also
                served as deputy general manager and deputy director of the Integration Centre.


JIANG Jianhua   Since July 2024, he has been a dedicated external director of the Company’s affiliated
                enterprises. From January 2011 to July 2024, he has served as the vice president
                of technology of the R&D Centre of CASCO Signal Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by
                the Company. Since August 2019, he has served as a provisional member of the
                Party Committee of CASCO Signal Ltd. Since August 2015, he has served as the
                vice president of technology of the Research & Design Institute of CASCO Signal
                Ltd. (卡 斯 柯 信 號 有 限 公 司 研 究 設 計 院). From July 1998 to January 2011, he served
                successively as the deputy chief engineer and the chief engineer of CASCO Signal
                Ltd. From July 1988 to July 1998, he served successively as a software engineer, the
                deputy department manager and the department manager of the software department
                of CASCO Signal Ltd.


CUI Ke          Since January 2018, he has served as the chief engineer of the Research & Design
                Institute of CASCO Signal Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by the Company. From January
                2014 to December 2017, he served as the urban rail product director of Urban
                Rail System Development Department of CASCO Signal Ltd.; from August 2010 to
                December 2013, he served as the urban rail technical director of R&D Department of
                CASCO Signal Ltd.; and from August 2000 to July 2010, he served as the department
                manager of the R&D Department of CASCO Signal Ltd.




                                                                               Annual Report 2025        147
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Name                      Major Working Experience


                  LI Hongyan                Since June 2020, he has served as the product manager of R&D Centre of CRSC
                                            Communication & Information Group Company Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                            Company. From April 2017 to June 2020, he has been the chief engineer of Security
                                            Technology Branch of CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd. (通
                                            號通信信息集團有限公司安防技術分公司). From July 2015 to April 2017, he served as
                                            the chief engineer of Beijing Research Institute of CRSC Communication & Information
                                            Group Company Ltd. (通 號 通 信 信 息 集 團 有 限 公 司 北 京 研 究 院). From January 2014
                                            to July 2015, he served as the deputy chief engineer of CRSC Communication &
                                            Information Group Company Ltd. From September 2013 to July 2015, he served as
                                            the dean of Beijing Research Institute of CRSC Communication & Information Group
                                            Company Ltd. From January 2010 to September 2013, he served successively as the
                                            deputy manager and manager of the Technology Development Research Department
                                            of Beijing Guotie Huachen Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (北 京 國 鐵 華 晨 通
                                            信 技 術 有 限 公 司). From June 2006 to January 2010, he served successively as an
                                            engineer of the Engineering Technology Department (工程技術部) and the manager
                                            of Research & Development Department (研 究 開 發 部) of Beijing Nera Stentofon
                                            Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.


                  WANG Xiangtao             Technical consultant. Since August 2020, he has served as a director, the deputy
                                            general manager and chief engineer of CRSC Railway Vehicles Co., Ltd. Since May
                                            2015, he has served as the deputy general manager of technology of CRSC Railway
                                            Vehicles Co., Ltd. From November 2016 to December 2020, Mr. WANG has been
                                            a director of CRSC Airbus Co., Ltd., a subsidiary invested by the Company. From
                                            May 2011 to April 2015, he severed as the deputy general manager of technology
                                            of Xiangtan Electric Urban Rail Vehicle Co., Ltd. (湘 電 城 軌 車 輛 有 限 公 司). From
                                            May 2009 to May 2011, he served as the deputy general manager of technology
                                            of Xiangtan Electric Urban Rail Equipment Co., Ltd. (湘 電 城 軌 裝 備 有 限 公 司). From
                                            August 2007 to May 2011, he served as the institute director of the Vehicle Research
                                            Institute of Xiangtan Electric Heavy Equipment Co., Ltd. (湘 電 重 型 裝 備 有 限 公 司 車
                                            輛 研 究 所), and as a supervisor of the same company. From June 2001 to August
                                            2007, he served as the institute director of the Vehicle Research Institute of Xiangtan
                                            Electric Co., Ltd. From July 1985 to June 2001, he served as an engineer of the
                                            Technical Centre of Xiangtan Electric Plant (湘潭電機廠技術中心).


                  The Company has adopted a code of conduct no less exacting than that as provided in the Model Code as
                  the code of conduct for all the Directors and Supervisors trading securities of the Company (the “Code of
                  Conduct”). After specific inquiries to all Directors and Supervisors, all the Directors and Supervisors (and, for
                  Supervisors, for the period from the beginning of the Reporting Period to 21 November 2025) of the Company
                  have confirmed that they have complied with the standards as stipulated by the code of conduct for the year
                  ended 31 December 2025.


                  Other explanations


                         Applicable    ✓   Not applicable




148    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                           ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



ii.   Positions held by current and resigned Directors and Senior Management during the
      Reporting Period

      1.   Positions held in shareholder entities

            ✓      Applicable          Not applicable


                                                             Position Held in the        Start Date of       Termination Date of
           Name                 Name of Shareholder Entity   Shareholder Entity          Term of Office      Term of Office


           LOU Qiliang          China Railway Signal and     Secretary of the Party      February 2024       –
                                  Communication (Group)        Committee and Chairman
                                  Corporation Limited
                                                             Director                    September 2023      –
           DONG Baoliang        China Railway Signal and     Deputy secretary of the     February 2026       –
                                  Communication (Group)        Party Committee and
                                  Corporation Limited          director
                                                             General manager             February 2026       –
           LI Lianqing          China Railway Signal and     A member of the Standing May 2022               –
                                  Communication (Group)        Committee of the Party
                                  Corporation Limited          Committee
                                                             Chairman of labour union    February 2026       –
           ZHANG Zhihui         China Railway Signal and     A member of the Standing April 2022             –
                                  Communication (Group)        Committee of the Party
                                  Corporation Limited          Committee
           WAN Baohua           China Railway Signal and     A member of the Standing April 2022             –
                                  Communication (Group)        Committee of the Party
                                  Corporation Limited          Committee
           ZHANG Quan           China Railway Signal and     Deputy secretary of the     July 2022           June 2025
             (resigned)           Communication (Group)        Party Committee and
                                  Corporation Limited          employee representative
                                                               director
           ZHAO Xiaodong        China Railway Signal and     A member of the Standing December 2018          February 2025
             (resigned)           Communication (Group)        Committee of the Party
                                  Corporation Limited          Committee
           Explanation on       None
             positions held
             in Shareholder
             entities




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       149
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                 2.      Positions held in other entities

                          ✓     Applicable                 Not applicable


                                                                                 Positions Held in                Start Date of Term Termination Date
                         Name                  Name of Other Entities            Other Entities                   of Office         of Term of Office


                                               Hong Kong Shanghai Alliance
                         YAO Cho Fai             Holdings Limited (滬港聯合控股 Chairman and chief executive
                         Andrew                  有限公司)                           officer                          July 1999         –
                                               Kader Holdings Company Limited
                                                 (開達集團有限公司)                      Independent non-executive directorSeptember 2004   –
                                               China COSCO Shipping
                                                 Corporation Limited             Director                         May 2022          –
                                               Legislative Council of the Hong
                                                 Kong Special Administrative
                                                 Region                          Member                           January 2026      –
                                               China Information and
                                                 Communication Technology
                         FU Junyuan              Group Co., Ltd.                 Director                         November 2021     October 2027
                                               Seacon Shipping Group Holdings
                                                 Limited                         Independent non-executive directorMarch 2023
                         Explanation on
                           positions held
                           in other entities




150    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                              ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



iii.   Remuneration of Directors, Senior Management and core technical personnel

        ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                                                                                           Unit: ’0,000 Yuan      Currency: RMB


       The decision-making procedure for the remunerations of     The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Board
         Directors and senior management                            makes recommendations to the Board on the remunerations of
                                                                    Directors and Senior Management of the Company. The Board
                                                                    shall make decision on remuneration and awards for senior
                                                                    management, and the shareholders' meetings shall make
                                                                    decision on remuneration matters for Directors.


       Whether a director shall abstain from voting when the      No
        Board discusses the remuneration matters concerning
        the director.


       The recommendations made by Remuneration and               The recommendations made to the Board by Remuneration and
         Evaluation Committee or a special meeting of the           Evaluation Committee of the Board on the remunerations of
         Independent Directors on the remuneration matters          Directors and Senior Management of the Company.
         concerning Directors and Senior Management.


       The basis for determining remunerations of Directors       The remunerations of the Company’s Directors and senior
         and senior management                                      management are determined in accordance with the Articles
                                                                    of Association of China Railway Signal & Communication
                                                                    Corporation Limited and relevant rules.


       Actual payment of remunerations of Directors and Senior    The remuneration of Directors and senior management shall be
        Management                                                  paid by the Company in accordance with relevant rules.


       Total actual remunerations received by all Directors and   664.23
         senior management at the end of the Reporting Period


       Total actual remunerations received by core technical      760.97
         personnel at the end of the Reporting Period


       The assessment criteria and completion status of actual    The regulations related to the remuneration management of
         remunerations received by all Directors and senior         persons-in-charge and external directors of central enterprises
         management at the end of the Reporting Period              under the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                                                    Commission of the State Council and the internal remuneration
                                                                    evaluation management of the Company


       Deferred payment arrangements for actual                   Not applicable
        remunerations received by all Directors and senior
        management at the end of the Reporting Period


       Circumstances of clawback of actual remunerations          Not involved
         received by all Directors and senior management at
         the end of the Reporting Period




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025           151
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          iv.     The changes in the Company’ s Directors, Senior Management and core technical
                  personnel

                   ✓     Applicable        Not applicable


                  Name                    Position Held                Changes         Reason of Changes


                  DONG Baoliang           Executive Director           Election        Election
                                          President                    Appointment     Appointment
                  LUO Jing                Employee Director            Election        Election
                  ZHANG Quan              Executive Director           Resignation     Personal reason
                  ZHAO Xiaodong           Vice President               Resignation     Job change

                 Note:    Due to a change in personnel, Mr. ZHANG Quan ceased to serve as an executive director of the Company
                          effective 27 June 2025.


          v.      Explanation on penalties imposed by securities regulatory authorities in the recent
                  three years

                         Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


          vi.     Others

                         Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


      VII. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
          1.      Composition of the Board

                  As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors comprised Mr. Lou Qiliang as executive director,
                  Ms. Luo Jing as non-executive director, and Mr. Yao Guiqing, Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. Fu Junyuan as
                  independent non executive directors.


                  On 14 March 2025, the Company’s employee representative meeting elected Ms. Luo Jing as the employee
                  director and non-executive Director of the Company’s fourth board of directors. Ms. Luo Jing has obtained
                  the legal opinion referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong
                  Stock Exchange on 14 March 2025 and confirmed that she understands her responsibilities as a director of the
                  Company.


                  On 27 June 2025, Mr. Zhang Quan, the executive director of the Company, ceased to serve as the executive
                  director and member of the nomination committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Zhang Quan was no longer hold
                  any position in the Company after the resignation.




152    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                          SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                         ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



     The Directors shall hold office for a term of three years each from the date of their appointment until the expiry
     of that session of Board. For details of the term of office of the Directors of the Company, please refer to the
     Corporate Governance chapter of this report.


     There is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) among
     the members of the Board. Biographies of the Directors are set out in “VII. Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management” of this section.


2.   Independent non-executive Directors

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board had complied with the requirements of the Listing Rules of the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors
     with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or
     accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company has appointed a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors in compliance with
     Rule 3.10A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which requires
     the number of independent non-executive Directors represents at least one third of the Board.


     All independent non-executive Directors have confirmed their independence pursuant to the factors set out
     in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are
     independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange.


3.   Chairman of the Board and president

     According to Code Provision C.2.1 set out in the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman and the
     chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


     Mr. Lou Qiliang was appointed as the president of the Company by the Board of Directors on 15 September
     2023 and and was elected by the Board of Directors as the chairman of the fourth session of the Board of
     Directors of the Company on 21 February 2024. On 13 September 2024, Mr. Lou Qiliang resigned from his
     position as president of the Company due to work adjustments, and the position of president of the Company
     became vacant, which deviates from Code Provision C.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code. The Company
     appointed Mr. Dong Baoliang as the president on 26 February 2026. Thereby, the Company has complied with
     the requirements of Section C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         153
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          4.      Nomination, appointment and removal of Directors

                  The procedures and processes for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles
                  of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, number of members and
                  composition of the Board, advising on any proposed changes to the Board in response to the Company’s
                  strategies, and reviewing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


          5.      Duties of the Board

                  The Board shall be accountable to the shareholders’ meeting. According to the requirement of the Articles of
                  Association, duties of the Board shall include the exercise of the following functions and powers:


                  (1)    to convene shareholders’ meetings and to report on its work to the shareholders’ meeting;


                  (2)    to implement the resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting;


                  (3)    to decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


                  (4)    to formulate the annual financial budgets and final accounts of the Company;


                  (5)    to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for making up losses of the Company;


                  (6)    to formulate plans for the increase or reduction of the registered capital of the Company;


                  (7)    to formulate plans for the issuance of corporate bonds, any class of Shares, warrants and other similar
                         securities;


                  (8)    to formulate plans for significant acquisition by the Company, repurchase of Shares of the Company or
                         merger, division, reorganisation or dissolution of the Company and changes in the corporate form of the
                         Company;


                  (9)    to decide on the provision by the Company of any external guarantee other than those to be approved
                         by the shareholders’ meeting as required by the Articles of Association;


                  (10)   to decide on significant acquisition or disposal within one year by the Company of assets not more than
                         30% of the latest audited total assets of the Company;


                  (11)   to decide on connected transactions other than those to be approved by the shareholders’ meeting as
                         required by laws and regulations and regulatory rules in the place where Shares of the Company are
                         listed;


                  (12)   to decide on significant investment projects of the Company with the single amount not more than 30%
                         of the latest audited net assets of the Company;


                  (13)   to decide on entrusted wealth management and asset mortgages or pledges with the accumulated
                         amount not more than 30% of the latest audited net assets of the Company;




154    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                    ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



(14)   to decide on extra costs and expenses with the single amount not more than 10% of the latest audited
       net assets of the Company;


(15)   to decide on plans of external donation and sponsorship of the Company with the single amount not
       more than RMB10 million;


(16)   to formulate amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for the shareholders’
       meeting and the Rules of Procedure for the Board;


(17)   to engage or dismiss the Company’s president and secretary to the Board; to engage or dismiss vice
       presidents, the chief accountant, the general counsel and other senior management of the Company,
       as proposed by the president, and decide on matters relating to their remuneration, rewards and
       punishments;


(18)   to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management organisation;


(19)   to decide on the establishment of each special committee under the Board and to consider and approve
       resolutions proposed by each special committee under the Board;


(20)   to formulate the basic management systems of the Company;


(21)   to formulate development strategies, long and medium-term development plans and corporate culture
       development plans, and to monitor the implementation of such plans;


(22)   to establish and improve internal supervision and risk control systems, and strengthen internal
       compliance management; to decide on the Company’s risk management system, internal control system,
       accountability system for illegal operations and investments, and legal compliance management system,
       and conduct overall monitoring and evaluation of the Company’s risk management, internal control, and
       legal compliance management systems and their effective implementation;


(23)   to propose to the shareholders’ meeting the appointment, removal or termination of reappointment of an
       accounting firm;


(24)   to listen to the work reports of the Company’s president and inspect the work of the president and other
       Senior Management members;


(25)   to perform duties of corporate governance and to evaluate and improve the corporate governance of the
       Company regularly in accordance with the regulatory rules in the place where Shares of the Company
       are listed;




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        155
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  (26)   to formulate equity incentive scheme;


                  (27)   to manage the Company’s information disclosure matters; and


                  (28)   other duties and powers provided in laws and regulations, regulatory rules in the place where Shares
                         of the Company are listed or specified in the Articles of Association or granted by the shareholders’
                         meeting.


                  Resolutions by the Board on the matters mentioned above shall, be passed by the affirmative vote of more than
                  one half of all the Directors with the exception of resolutions on the matters referred to in items (6), (8), (16)
                  and (26), which shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the Directors for adoption. Besides
                  the affirmative vote of more than one half of all the Directors, the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the
                  Directors present is also required when the matters referred to in item (9) are considered by the Board. The
                  abovementioned duties and powers of the Board as well as any transaction or arrangement of the Company
                  shall be proposed at the shareholders’ meeting for approval as prescribed by the regulatory rules in the place
                  where Shares of the Company are listed.


                  The duties and powers of the Board and the management have been defined in the Articles of Association. The
                  Board is responsible for decision making on the Company’s significant matters, including the approval and
                  monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems,
                  material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information and other
                  significant financial and operational matters.


                  All Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information as well as the advice and services of the
                  company secretary, with a view to ensuring that Rules of Procedure for Board meetings and all applicable
                  laws, rules and regulations are followed. Upon making request to the Board, a Director is generally able to seek
                  independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expense.


                  In strict accordance with the Articles of Association and the authorisation of shareholders’ meetings, the Board
                  takes and fulfils its decision-making responsibilities seriously, supervises management’s implementation of
                  the resolutions of the Board to ensure their effective implementation, and implements the resolutions of the
                  shareholders’ meetings and reports the work to shareholders’ meetings.




156    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                        ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



     The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the president and
     the Senior Management. The Board shall be responsible for the fulfilment of the following corporate governance
     responsibilities:


     (1)     to formulate, review and make recommendations on the corporate governance policies and practices of
             the Company;


     (2)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and Senior
             Management;


     (3)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices with regard to complying with laws and
             regulatory requirements;


     (4)     to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
             employees and Directors;


     (5)     to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in the
             Corporate Governance Report (the Corporate Governance section of this report) of the annual report of
             the Company.


     The Board and the Audit and Risk Management Committee have reviewed and approved the disclosures
     made in the Corporate Governance Report (the Corporate Governance section of this report). The Board
     has also reviewed the Company’s compliance with the corporate governance policies, practices, laws and
     regulatory requirements, and monitored and organised the training courses designed for Directors and Senior
     Management.


6.   Mechanism for directors to obtain independent views and opinions

     The Company has a mechanism in place to ensure that independent views and opinions are available to the
     Board, including but not limited to reviewing from time to time that independent non-executive Directors have
     appropriate qualifications and professional skills and have committed sufficient time to the Group, and that
     the number of independent non-executive Directors has complied with the Listing of Securities on the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange, and has established channels (including but not limited to questionnaires or the Board
     meetings) to evaluate the contributions and opinions of independent non-executive Directors. The Board
     has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism and believes that the Board is highly
     independent.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        157
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      VIII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
          I.      Directors’ attendance at the Board meetings and shareholders' meetings

                                                                                                                                                 Attendance
                                                                                                                                                      at the
                                                                                                                                               shareholders’
                                                                                    Attendance at the Board meeting                                meetings
                                                       Number of
                                                          required                                                                     Failure
                                                     attendances                                                                     to attend
                                                     at the Board                                                                   meetings     Number of
                                                          meeting                            Number of                              in person attendances
                                       Independent     during the      Number of           attendances      Number of                  for two       at the
                                       director or      Reporting    attendances           by means of    attendances Number of   consecutive shareholders'
                  Name of Director     not                  Period      in person   telecommunications        by proxy absences          times     meeting


                  LOU Qiliang          No                       7              7                      1               0       0           No              2
                  YAO Guiqing          Yes                      7              7                      1               0       0           No              2
                  YAO Cho Fai Andrew   Yes                      7              6                      1               1       0           No              2
                  FU Junyuan           Yes                      7              7                      1               0       0           No              2
                  LUO Jing             No                       6              5                      1               0       1           No              2
                  ZHANG Quan
                    (resigned on
                    27 June 2025)      No                       3              1                      0               2       0          Yes              0


                  The explanation of failure to attend Board meetings in person for two consecutive times


                         Applicable          ✓   Not applicable


                  Number of the Board meetings held for the year                                                                                          7
                  Including: number of meetings held onsite                                                                                               –
                  Number of meetings held by means of telecommunications                                                                                  1
                  Number of meetings held onsite and by means of telecommunications simultaneously                                                        6


          ii.     Objections raised by Directors against relevant matters of the Company

                         Applicable          ✓   Not applicable




158    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



iii.   Other

        ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


       During the Reporting Period, the Board focused on the continuous professional development of Directors and
       actively encouraged and organised Directors to participate in the trainings. In order to keep their knowledge and
       skills up to date as well as improve their capacities of duty performance, all members of the Board of Directors
       continued to learn all kinds of regulatory information and the latest regulatory requirements in their daily
       duties, including relevant laws and regulations and regulatory documents in relation to corporate governance
       and Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, meanwhile they read industry, professional books and
       publications. During the Reporting Period, all Directors (including Mr. LOU Qiliang, Mr. Yao Guiqing, Mr. YAO
       Cho Fai Andrew, Mr. FU Junyuan and Ms. LUO Jing) attended the seminar on the construction of the board of
       directors of central enterprises conferences held by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
       Commission of the State Council, the training on regulatory services organised by the Listed Companies
       Association of Beijing and the relevant training organised by the SSE, etc. All Directors further understood the
       regulations of domestic and overseas regulatory institutions, code of conduct for the performance of duties as
       directors and requirements for information disclosure which A + H listed companies should follow.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        159
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      IX. THE SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
           ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


          i.      The special committees under the Board of Directors

                  The Company has established five special committees under the Board of Directors, including the Strategy
                  and Investment Committee, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
                  Audit and Risk Management Committee, and the Quality and Safety Committee. Members of the Remuneration
                  and Evaluation Committee and the Audit and Risk Management Committee are all held by external directors,
                  ensuring that external directors fully express their opinions and perform their duties efficiently.


                  Categories of Special Committees                   Member Name


                  Strategy and Investment Committee                  LOU Qiliang, DONG Baoliang1, YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai
                                                                       Andrew, FU Junyuan
                  Audit and Risk Management Committee                FU Junyuan, YAO Cho Fai Andrew, YAO Guiqing
                  Nomination Committee                               YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew, LUO Jing
                  Remuneration and Evaluation Committee              YAO Guiqing, YAO Cho Fai Andrew, FU Junyuan
                  Quality and Safety Committee                       LOU Qiliang, DONG Baoliang1, YAO Guiqing

                 Note:

                  1.     On 24 March 2026, Mr. Dong Baoliang was appointed as the member of the Strategy and Investment Committee
                         and the member of the Quality and Safety Committee.




160    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                     SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                                    ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



ii.   The Strategy and Investment Committee held two meetings during the Reporting
      Period

                                                                                               Important
                                                                                               Comments and
      Time of Meeting   Content of Meeting                                                     Recommendations Other Performance of Duties


      26 August 2025    1.          Considered the resolution on the extension and             Agreed.          –
                                    modification of certain fundraising investment projects
                                    on the STAR Market


                        2.          Considered the resolution on the change in the use of
                                    funds raised from H-shares


      28 October 2025   This meeting had no items for consideration. Reports were heard Not involved.           Reports were heard on the
                             on the overall progress of the 15th Five-Year Plan formulation,                         overall progress of the 15th
                             investment execution status, and the advancement of key                                 Five-Year Plan formulation,
                             investment/merger and acquisition projects.                                             investment execution status,
                                                                                                                     and the situation regarding key
                                                                                                                     investment and merger and
                                                                                                                     acquisition projects.


      During the Reporting Period, the Strategy and Investment Committee comprised executive Director Mr. Lou
      Qiliang, and independent non-executive Directors Mr. Yao Guiqing, Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew and Mr. Fu
      Junyuan. The Strategy and Investment Committee is accountable to the Board of Directors and is mainly
      responsible for studying the Company’s development strategies and plans, and making recommendations on
      major investments and capital operation decisions.


      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each member at the meetings of the Strategy and Investment
      Committee is as follows:


                                                                        Number of              Number of actual
      Name of Director                                                attendances                    attendances       Number of absences


      Mr. Lou Qiliang                                                                2                           2                                  –
      Mr. Yao Guiqing                                                                2                           2                                  –
      Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew                                                         2                           2                                  –
      Mr. Fu Junyuan                                                                 2                           2                                  –




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025              161
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          iii.    The Audit and Risk Management Committee held five meetings during the Reporting
                  Period

                                                                                                        Important
                                                                                                        Comments and     Other Performance
                  Time of Meeting   Content of Meeting                                                  Recommendations of Duties


                  20 January 2025   1.   Considered the resolution on the 2024 Final Accounts Audit Agreed.              Received reports from the Legal
                                         Plan                                                                                Compliance Department and
                                                                                                                             Audit Department on key tasks
                                    2.   Considered the resolution on the 2025 Major Risk Forecast                           for the 2024 fiscal year.
                                         Assessment Report


                                    3.   Considered the resolution on the 2025 Internal Audit Plan


                  27 March 2025     1.   Considered the resolution on the 2024 Financial Statements Agreed.              –
                                         Audit and Internal Control Audit


                                    2.   Considered the resolution on Payment of 2024 Audit Fees
                                         and Engagement of External Audit Firm for 2025


                                    3.   Considered the resolution on Key Tasks for Legal
                                         Compliance Work in 2025


                                    4.   Considered the resolution on the Report on Quality
                                         Assessment of CRSC’s 2024 Internal Audit Work


                                    5.   Considered the resolution on the Internal Control Evaluation
                                         Report for the Year 2024




162    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                           ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                                                                                      Important
                                                                                      Comments and     Other Performance
Time of Meeting   Content of Meeting                                                  Recommendations of Duties


29 April 2025     1.   Considered the resolution on the First Quarter Report for the Agreed.           –
                       Year 2025


                  2.   Considered the resolution on the Major Risk Monitoring
                       Report for the First Quarter of 2025 of CRSC


                  3.   Considered the resolution on the Key Tasks for
                       Accountability in Violations of Business and Investment
                       Operations for the Year 2025 of CRSC


27 August 2025    1.   Considered the resolution on the 2025 Interim Review by        Agreed.          Received a report from the
                       BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public for China Railway                            Audit Department on the
                       Signal & Communication Corporation Limited                                          findings of mid-term economic
                                                                                                           responsibility audits for the
                  2.   Considered the resolution on the Monitoring Report on                               legal representatives of certain
                       Significant Risks of China Railway Signal & Communication                           subsidiaries.
                       Group Co., Ltd. for the Second Quarter of 2025


28 October 2025   1.   Considered the resolution on the Third Quarter Report for      Agreed.          –
                       2025 of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                       Limited


                  2.   Considered the resolution on the Monitoring Report on
                       Significant Risks of China Railway Signal & Communication
                       Corporation Limited for the Third Quarter of 2025


                  3.   Considered the resolution on the Financial Services
                       Framework Agreement between CRSC Group Finance
                       Limited and China Railway Signal and Communication
                       (Group) Corporation Limited and Related Party Transactions


                  4.   Considered the resolution on the Forecast of Routine Related
                       Party Transactions of China Railway Signal & Communication
                       Corporation Limited for the Period 2026–2028


During the Reporting Period, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprised of independent non-
executive Directors Mr. FU Junyuan, Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew, and Mr. YAO Guiqing (Mr. YAO Guiqing, an
independent non-executive Director, was resolved to serve as a member of the Audit and Risk Management
Committee at the 30th meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors of the Company held in August
2025) serving as members. In particular, Mr. FU Junyuan, who has rich knowledge and experience in
accounting, served as the chairman. The Audit and Risk Management Committee was mainly responsible for
proposing the selection and replacement of the Company’s external audit firm; supervising the Company’s
internal audit system; the communication, supervision and verification of the Company’s internal and external


                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025              163
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  audit; reviewing the financial information and its disclosure; reviewing risk management and internal systems;
                  reviewing the Company’s risk management strategies and solutions; risk control, management, supervision and
                  evaluation of major decisions, major events, and important business processes. During the Reporting Period, the
                  Audit and Risk Management Committee strictly complied with the requirements of the Company’s Working Rules
                  for the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors and the Working Rules for the Annual
                  Report of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors and other system requirements,
                  performed the duties of the committee independently and objectively, and actively carried out work centring
                  on auditing and supervision, financial monitoring, internal control system construction and comprehensive risk
                  management. It considered several proposals on financial reports such as the periodic reports of the Company,
                  carefully studied the contents of the proposals, and repeatedly checked and studied the financial information
                  disclosed in the reports and financial statements of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Audit and
                  Risk Management Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Company for the year ended 31 December
                  2024, the unaudited interim results of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the quarterly
                  results of the Company for the three months ended 31 March 2025 and for the nine months ended 30 September
                  2025. They regularly listened to the reports of the Legal Compliance Department and Audit Department on major
                  risk assessment, major risk monitoring, major risk events, corporate compliance management, corporate system
                  building, internal control evaluation, internal audit work quality assessment, internal audit work, and execution of
                  internal audit. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has discussed the accounting policies and practices
                  adopted by the Company, internal control and financial reporting matters with the senior management of the
                  Company, and has reviewed the effectiveness of the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group,
                  financial control, the risk management and internal control system and the internal audit function of the Group
                  for five times, and considers that the Group’s risk management and internal control system and the operation
                  of the internal audit department remain effective. Meanwhile, the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                  had three meetings with external auditors. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has also reviewed the
                  compliance of the Company with the Corporate Governance Code and the Corporate Governance Report (the
                  Corporate Governance section of this report) of the Company. Following consideration and approval at the 2025
                  first extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 21 November 2025, the Company has abolished
                  the Supervisory Committee, with its relevant powers and functions to be exercised by the Audit and Risk
                  Management Committee.


                  During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each committee member at the meetings of the Audit and Risk
                  Management Committee is as follows:


                                                                       Number of        Number of actual                 Number of
                  Name of Director                                   attendances              attendances                 absences


                  Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew                                         5                        5                        –
                  Mr. Fu Junyuan                                                 5                        5                        –
                  Mr. Yao Guiqing                                                1                        1                        –

                 Note:   Mr. Yao Guiqing has been appointed as a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee since 27
                         August 2025.




164    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



iv.   The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period

                                                                       Important Comments             Other Performance
      Time of Meeting       Content of Meeting                         and Recommendations            of Duties


      14 March 2025         Resolution on the Nomination of            Agreed.                        –
                              Candidates for Directors (Employee
                              Director) of the Fourth Session of the
                              Board of Directors of the Company
      27 October 2025       Resolution on the Amendments to            Agreed.                        –
                              the Board Member Diversity Policy
                              and the Employee Diversity Policy
                              (including Senior Management)


      From January to June 2025, the Nomination Committee comprised independent non-executive Directors Mr.
      Yao Guiqing and Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew, Executive Director Mr. ZHANG Quan (resigned on 27 June 2025)
      as members, with Mr. Yao Guiqing as the chairman. Since 27 August 2025, following consideration and
      approval at the 30th meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors of the Company, Ms. LUO Jing,
      the employee director, was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee
      was primarily responsible for selecting and making recommendations regarding the candidates, selection
      criteria, and procedures for the Directors and senior management of the Company, and was accountable to the
      Board of Directors. In reviewing the size and composition of the Board of Directors, identifying and nominating
      candidates for Directors, the Nomination Committee shall consider relevant factors to achieve the diversity of
      the Board members according to the business model and specific demands of the Company.


      On 14 March 2025, the Nomination Committee held a meeting to consider and approve the “Proposal on
      Nominating Employee Directors”.


      The Nomination Committee adopts the following procedures for selection and appointment of Directors and
      senior management members:


      i.     The Company shall actively study the Company’s demands for new Directors and senior management
             members and prepare written materials;


      ii.    The Company shall search for candidates for Directors and senior management members in the
             Company and its wholly-owned and holding (joint-stock) enterprises and the talent market;


      iii.   The Company shall gather information of preliminary candidates, including occupation, education, job
             title, detailed work experience and all part-time jobs, and prepare written materials;




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       165
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  iv.    The Company shall seek the consent of the nominees for nomination;


                  v.     The Company shall convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee to conduct a qualification check
                         of the preliminary candidates based on the appointment criteria for Directors and senior management
                         members;


                  vi.    The Company shall submit to the Board its recommendations on the candidates for Directors and senior
                         management members and relevant materials prior to the election of new Directors or the appointment of
                         new senior management members; and


                  vii.   The Company shall implement other follow-up work in accordance with the decisions and feedback of
                         the Board.


                  In reviewing the structure of the Board, the Nomination Committee considers Board members diversity from
                  various aspects, including but not limited to cultural, educational background, professional experience, skills
                  and knowledge. All appointments of Board members are based on meritocracy, and candidates are considered
                  with due regard for the capacity, skill and experience required for the overall operation of the Board, so as to
                  ensure the proper balance of the Board members.


                  The Company understands and strongly believes that diversity among Board members is an important element
                  in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantages and fostering the Company’s sustainability. The Company
                  considers the diversity of Board members from many aspects when determining the composition of the Board
                  of Directors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, race, professional
                  experience, skills, knowledge, and service period. As the Nomination Committee makes recommendations or
                  suggestions to the Board of Directors on the appointment of new Directors of the Company, it will fully take
                  into account the benefits of diversity of Board members. Meanwhile, the Company considers the above factors
                  based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time, and will ultimately come to a decision
                  based on the strengths of the candidates and the contributions they can provide to the Board of Directors.




166    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                    ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



In determining the optimal composition structure of the Board, the Company shall strike an appropriate balance
among these factors where practicable. The appointment of Board members shall take into account the
above factors on a case-by-case basis, having regard to the Company’s actual circumstances as well as its
business operations, development and strategies. Having duly considered the benefits that relevant candidates
would bring to the diversity of the Board, the final decision shall be made based on their strengths and the
contributions they can make to the Board. One female director has been appointed to the Board of the Company
(Ms. Luo Jing was appointed as a Director representing the employees of the Company on 14 March 2025).
Upon the election of Ms. Luo Jing as the employee representative director of the Company, the Company has
complied with the requirements of Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange relating to
gender diversity of the Board. We understand the particular importance of gender diversity and therefore will
strive to enhance the gender diversity of the Board. When selecting and recommending suitable candidates
for the Board, the Company will take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members on the Board
and enhance the level of gender diversity in accordance with shareholder expectations and recommended best
practices. The Company plans to promote gender diversity in the recruitment of middle and senior management
staff, so that the Company has more potential successors for female senior management and Board members.


During its review of the composition of the Board of Directors, the Nomination Committee, having assessed the
skills and experience of the directors and their suitability to the Company’s business, considered the Company’s
existing Board structure to be reasonable and have a balance of skills, experience and expertise appropriate to
the requirements of the Company’s business.


During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each committee member at the meetings of the Nomination
Committee is as follows:


                                                    Number of               Number of               Number of
Name of Director                                  attendances      actual attendances                absences


Mr. Yao Guiqing                                               2                       2                         –
Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew                                        2                       2                         –
Mr. Zhang Quan1                                               1                       0                         1
Ms. Luo Jing2                                                 1                       1                         –

Note:   1.      From 27 June 2025, Mr. Zhang Quan ceased to serve as a member of the Nomination Committee.

        2.      Ms. Luo Jing has been appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee since 27 August 2025.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        167
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          v.      The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee held one meeting during the Reporting
                  Period

                                                                           Important Comments and         Other Performance
                  Time of Meeting          Content of Meeting              Recommendations                of Duties


                  15 September 2025        Implementation Plan for the     Agreed.                        –
                                             2024 Annual Remuneration
                                             and 2022–2024 Term
                                             Incentive Income of
                                             Executives of China Railway
                                             Signal & Communication
                                             Corporation Limited


                  During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee consisted of independent non-
                  executive Directors Mr. YAO Guiqing, Mr. FU Junyuan, and Mr. YAO Cho Fai Andrew serving as members. Mr.
                  YAO Guiqing served as the chairman. The Remuneration and Evaluation Committee was mainly responsible
                  for formulating and assessing the evaluation standards of the Company’s directors and senior management;
                  formulating and reviewing the remuneration policies and plans of the Company’s directors and senior
                  management, and was accountable to the Board of Directors. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration
                  and Evaluation Committee of the Board of Directors strictly complied with the Company’s Working Rules for
                  the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee of the Board of Directors and other system requirements, and
                  performed the duties of the committee independently and objectively.


                  During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each committee member at the meetings of the Remuneration
                  and Evaluation Committee is as follows:


                                                                     Number of               Number of
                  Name of Director                                 attendances       actual attendances   Number of absences


                  Mr. Yao Guiqing                                             1                      1                     –
                  Mr. Yao Cho Fai Andrew                                      1                      1                     –
                  Mr. Fu Junyuan                                              1                      1                     –




168    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                          SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                         ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



vi.   The Quality and Safety Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period

                                                               Important Comments and         Other Performance
      Time of Meeting          Content of Meeting              Recommendations                of Duties


      20 January 2025          1. Resolution on 2025           Agreed.                        Heard the Report on
                                   Key Quality and Safety                                        Quality and Safety
                                   Work Arrangements of                                          Work for 2024
                                   China Railway Signal &
                                   Communication Corporation
      24 December 2025         1. Resolution on 2026           Agreed.                        Heard the Report on
                                   Key Quality and Safety                                        Quality and Safety
                                   Work Arrangements of                                          Work for 2025
                                   China Railway Signal &
                                   Communication Corporation


      During the Reporting Period, the Quality and Safety Committee comprised executive Director Mr. LOU
      Qiliang and independent non-executive Director Mr. YAO Guiqing serving as members and Mr. Lou Qiliang
      as the chairman. On 24 March 2026, following consideration and approval at the 2026 second extraordinary
      shareholders' meeting, Mr. DONG Baoliang was elected as an executive Director of the Company. Mr. DONG
      concurrently serves as a member of the Quality and Safety Committee of the Company. The Quality and
      Safety Committee of the Company was accountable to the Board of Directors and was mainly responsible for
      researching the Company’s major quality and safety decisions, researching the Company’s long-term quality
      and safety mechanism construction, and reviewing the Company’s annual key work on quality and safety.


      On 20 January 2025, the Quality and Safety Committee held a meeting to hear a report on the quality and safety
      work of the Company in 2024, and considered and approved the proposal on the “Key Work Arrangements for
      Quality and Safety of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited in 2025”.


      On 24 December 2025, the Quality and Safety Committee held a meeting to hear a report on the quality
      and safety work of the Company in 2025, and considered and approved the proposal on the “Key Work
      Arrangements for Quality and Safety of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited in 2026”.


      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of each committee member at the meetings of the Quality and
      Safety Committee is as follows:


                                                          Number of              Number of                Number of
      Name of Director                                 attendances       actual attendances               absences


      Mr. Lou Qiliang                                             2                      2                         –
      Mr. Yao Guiqing                                             2                      2                         –




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       169
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



              vii.    The details of objections

                           Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


      X.      SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
               ✓     Applicable         Not applicable


              From the beginning of the Reporting Period up tp 21 November 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company
              consisted of 3 members, namely Mr. KONG Ning, Ms. LI Tienan and Ms. YANG Yang with Mr. KONG Ning serving
              as the chairman. Starting from 21 November 2025, the Company ceased to establish the Supervisory Committee and
              supervisors, and the Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors exercises the powers of the
              Supervisory Committee as stipulated by the Company Law.


              From the beginning of the Reporting Period up tp 21 November 2025, the main tasks completed by the Supervisory
              Committee include supervising the performance of directors and managers, as well as the legal operation of the
              Company, reviewing the regular reports prepared by the Board of Directors, reviewing the Company’s financial
              statements and implementing daily supervision, and closely monitoring potential risks in the Company’s business
              process.


      XI. EXPLANATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE ON DISCOVERY OF THE
          COMPANY’ S RISKS
                     Applicable   ✓     Not applicable


              The audit committee had no objection to the supervision matters during the Reporting Period.




170        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                           ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XII. EMPLOYEES OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES
     AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
   I.   Employee

        Number of in-service employees of the parent company                                                        130
        Number of in-service employees of major subsidiaries                                                   19,069
        Total number of in-service employees                                                                   19,199
        Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne by the parent
          company and major subsidiaries                                                                              0


        Professional composition


        Category                                                                                              Number


        Production personnel                                                                                       5,543
        Sales personnel                                                                                            1,309
        Technical personnel                                                                                        9,715
        Financial personnel                                                                                         654
        Administrative personnel                                                                                   1,978


        Total                                                                                                  19,199


        Educational background


        Category                                                                                    Number (person)
        Doctoral degree                                                                                             141
        Master’s degree                                                                                            3,338
        Bachelor’s degree                                                                                      11,144
        Associate degree                                                                                           2,950
        High school or below                                                                                       1,626


        Total                                                                                                  19,199




        The Board values diversity (including gender diversity) at all levels of the Group. As at 31 December 2025, the
        Company managed to attract female talent. As at 31 December 2025, the ratio of male to female employees
        (including senior management) of the Company was approximately 75:25, which is in line with the Group’s
        employee diversity policy. The Group considers a number of factors when hiring employees, including but not
        limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, qualifications, ethnicity, professional experience,
        skills, knowledge and years of service, and the Group will ensure gender diversity across the workforce.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        171
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          ii.     Remuneration policy

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                  In accordance with various policies and guidelines of the state in relation to income distribution and considering
                  the requirements of modern enterprise system, the Company has been continuously improving the remuneration
                  management system and established a salary determination and normal increment mechanism which is
                  basically adapted to the labour market and linked with the enterprise benefits and labour productivity. The
                  Company gives full play to the incentive and constraint functions that remuneration distribution may serve to
                  attract and retain the core talents of the Company, and focuses on the cultivation and reward of scientific and
                  technological talents and technical talents.


                  In terms of total remuneration adjustment, the Company strictly follows the archival management measures of
                  total remuneration, and adheres to the basic principle of efficiency-based wages, i.e., the enterprises with high
                  efficiency and benefit set high wage levels, which reflects the fairness of distribution, at the same time, support
                  of standalone measures of total remuneration was provided to the team undertaking key core technology
                  research projects to stimulate the enthusiasm of scientific research personnel; in terms of management of the
                  remuneration of responsible persons, the remuneration of responsible persons are linked with the operating
                  performance and the management of the Company, which has good guiding and supporting effects on
                  achieving the operation and management objectives; in terms of the remuneration management of employees of
                  the Company, the Company established a salary system based on basic wages and performance-based bonus,
                  to reflect the job value orientation and work achievement orientation of internal income distribution, effectively
                  enhance the working positivity of employees and improve the vitality of enterprises.


                  The remuneration policy of Directors and Supervisors of the Company is as follows:


                  1.     The remuneration and benefit standards for executive Directors: total pre-tax remunerations (including
                         basic salaries and performance-based salaries) + social insurances (“insurances and housing provident
                         fund” paid by the Company for individuals) + annuity (supplementary pension insurance paid by the
                         Company for individuals).


                  2.     Total pre-tax remunerations for independent non-executive Directors consist of basic remunerations,
                         allowances for attending Board meetings, allowances for attending meetings of special committees
                         under the Board, of which basic pre-tax annual remunerations for Directors of special committees and
                         other independent non-executive Directors are RMB100,000 and RMB80,000, respectively; and pre-tax
                         allowances for attending Board meetings and meetings of special committees are RMB3,000/time and
                         RMB2,000/time, respectively.




172    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



       3.     The remuneration standards for an independent non-executive Director served by a person-in-charge of
              a central enterprise leaving his current post, including leaders of state-owned enterprises, state-owned
              financial enterprises and other units and their internal institutions and subsidiaries, shall be implemented
              in accordance with the Notice on Salary Allowances for External Directors Served by Persons-in-charge
              of Central Enterprises Leaving Their Current Posts (Guo Zi [2016] No. 531)《 (關 於 退 出 現 職 的 中 央 企
              業 負 責 人 擔 任 外 部 董 事 發 放 工 資 補 貼 有 關 事 項 的 通 知》(國 資[2016]531號)) and Notice on Adjusting the
              Work Allowances Standards for Retired Persons in Charge of Central Enterprises as Outside Directors
              (Guoziting Kao Fen [2020] No. 187) (關於調整退出現職的中央企業負責人擔任外部董事工作補貼標準的
              通知》(國資廳考分[2020]187號)). The pre-tax work allowance is pre-paid at RMB5,000/month per person.
              When the annual performance evaluation result is determined, it will be cleared and cashed according to
              the corresponding standards. If the annual performance evaluation result is excellent, the pre-tax work
              allowance standard is RMB100,000/year; if the evaluation result is good, the pre-tax work allowance
              standard is RMB80,000/year; and if the evaluation result is basically competent or below, the pre-tax
              work allowance standard is RMB60,000/year, and no meeting allowance in any form is received.


iii.   Training plan

        ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


       In 2025, the Company conducted a survey on training needs and formulated the annual training plan for the
       Company, improving the comprehensive implementation plan for training coverage. Trainings were carried
       out for all employees classified by cadre sequence, technical sequence, skill sequence, functional sequence,
       marketing sequence and project manager sequence. In 2025, the Party Committee of the Company placed
       great emphasis on the selection and cultivation of outstanding young cadres and young professionals. It
       organized systematic training programs for these groups. A total of 530 outstanding young cadres and
       young professionals from across the system participated in specialized training courses under the “Qihang
       Programme” and the “Voyage Plan”. These programs, conducted with a focus on digitalization and lean
       management, aimed to strengthen political awareness, deepen education in political loyalty and Party spirit,
       enhance professional capabilities and digital empowerment, and foster a correct understanding of performance.
       This initiative injects new vitality and momentum into the Company’s high-quality development. The “Qihang
       Programme” was scientifically formulated based on the Company’s actual reform and development needs,
       providing targeted empowerment to facilitate the growth of outstanding young cadres and professionals. The
       goal is to cultivate and forge a contingent of middle-aged and young management and professional talents who
       are politically steadfast, meet the requirements of the new era, and possess the capability to lead modernization
       efforts. Building on the foundation of the “Qihang Programme”, the Company also organized the “Voyage Plan”
       Digital Empowerment Training Course specifically for the development of outstanding young cadres and young
       professionals. This represents a critical initiative by the Company to vigorously cultivate young talent and
       support its strategic transformation. All departments of the headquarters have carried out trainings according
       to the plan to strengthen the business training of the Group and the trainings on management ability and
       professional ability of the headquarters staff, and enhance the management and control ability of the Group.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         173
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          iv.     Labour outsourcing

                   ✓   Applicable         Not applicable


                  Total number of working hours of outsourced labour (RMB’0,000)                                             2,808
                  Total remuneration paid to outsourced labour (RMB’0,000)                                                 113,325


      XIII. PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR RESERVES-TO-EQUITY TRANSFER
            PLAN
          I.      Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

                   ✓   Applicable         Not applicable


                 1.      Formulation of cash dividend policy

                         While maintaining its sustained and steady development, the Company attaches great importance to
                         the reasonable return on investment of shareholders. According to the relevant regulations of the CSRC,
                         the Articles of Association have clearly stipulated the review procedures for cash dividend and profit
                         distribution. The Company’s profit distribution complies with the provisions of the Articles of Association.
                         The dividend standards and ratios are explicit and clear, and the relevant decision- making mechanism
                         and procedures are complete.


                 2.      Implementation of cash dividend policy during the Reporting Period

                         On 23 June 2025, the 2024 shareholders' meeting of the Company reviewed and approved the profit
                         distribution plan for 2024. Calculated based on the total share capital of 10,589,819,000 shares (after
                         the listing and issue of A Shares of the Company), cash dividends of RMB1.7 (tax inclusive) per ten
                         shares were distributed, which had been completed.




174    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                 ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



3.   Explanation of profit distribution plan for 2025

     The Company held the 35th meeting of the fourth session of the Board on 24 March 2026. The
     meeting reviewed and approved the Annual Profit Distribution Plan for 2025 with five affirmative
     votes, zero dissenting vote and zero vote abstaining from voting, and agreed to submit the profit
     distribution plan to the Company’s 2025 annual general meeting for review. The plan decides that a
     cash dividend of RMB1.7 (tax inclusive) will be paid to all shareholders for every ten shares, of which
     domestic shareholders will be paid in RMB and H shareholders will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The
     exchange rate of Hong Kong dollars will be calculated in accordance with the average closing price
     published by the People’s Bank of China for the three working days before the day when the dividend
     distribution announcement is made. As of 31 December 2025, the total share capital of the Company
     was 10,589,819,000 shares. Based on this calculation, the total cash dividend to be distributed is
     RMB1,800.27 million, accounting for 48.84% of net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies
     in the 2025 consolidated statement of the Company.


     If the above profit distribution plan is reviewed and approved by the Company’s annual general meeting,
     the cash dividends are expected to be distributed on or before 31 August 2026. When the specific
     time is determined for convening the annual general meeting, the Company will separately announce
     further details including the closure of the registration of members of the H shares and the expected
     cash dividend payment date, if updated, in respect of the relevant cash dividend distribution. The
     time arrangement such as the record date and the cash payment date for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
     Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect investors is in line with that for H shareholders of the
     Company.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        175
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          ii.     Special explanation of cash dividend policy

                        Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


          iii.    Provided that the Company has made profits and the parent company’ s profits
                  distributable to shareholders are positive, but no plan for distribution of profits by
                  cash has been proposed during the Reporting Period, the Company shall disclose in
                  details the reasons therefore and use and plan of usage of the undistributed profit

                        Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


          iv.     Plan for profit distribution or reserves-to-equity transfer for the Reporting Period

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                  Number of bonus shares to be distributed for every ten shares (share)                                          –
                  Amount to be distributed for every ten shares (RMB) (tax inclusive)                                         1.70
                  Number of shares to be converted into share capital for every ten shares (share)                               –
                  Amount of cash dividend (tax inclusive)                                                        1,800,269,230.00
                  Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company in the
                    consolidated financial statement                                                             3,686,410,571.89
                  Percentage of the amount of cash dividend to the net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the listed company in the consolidated financial statement (%)                          48.84
                  Amount of repurchase of shares under cash offer included in cash dividend                                      –
                  Total amount of dividend (tax inclusive)                                                       1,800,269,230.00
                  Total amount of dividend as a percentage of the net profit attributable to ordinary
                    shareholders of the listed company in the consolidated financial statement (%)                         48.84%




176    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



v.   Cash dividend distribution in the most recent three financial years

      ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB



     Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company in the consolidated
       financial statement of the most recent financial year                                         3,686,410,571.89
     Undistributed profit at year-end in the parent company’s financial statement of the most
       recent financial year                                                                         2,239,878,314.26
     Total cash dividends distributed over the past three financial years (tax inclusive) (1)        5,400,807,690.00
     Total amount repurchased and cancelled over the past three financial years (2)                                    –
     Total of cash dividends distributed and amount repurchased and cancelled over the past
       three financial years (3) = (1) + (2)                                                         5,400,807,690.00
     Average annual net profit over the past three financial years (4)                               3,552,821,018.93
     Cash dividend payout ratio over the past three financial years (%) (5) = (3)/(4)                          152.01
     Total R&D investment over the past three financial years                                        6,318,445,782.13
     Total R&D investment as a percentage of cumulative revenue over the past three financial
       years (%)                                                                                                  6.07




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       177
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      XIV. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
          i.      Accountability and Audit

                  Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Company
                  for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Directors consider that the Group has adequate resources to
                  continue in business for the foreseeable future and are not aware of material uncertainties that may cast
                  significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


          ii.     Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

                 1.      Risk management and internal control management responsibilities

                         The Board of the Company is responsible for determining the overall risk management objectives, risk
                         tolerance, major risk management solutions and internal control construction implementation plans
                         of the Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ meeting for the effectiveness of overall risk
                         management and internal control. The management of the Company is responsible for organising,
                         establishing and improving the Company’s overall risk management and internal control system. The
                         legal compliance department of the Company is responsible for the construction and overall operation
                         of the overall risk management and internal control system as well as the organisation, coordination
                         and centralised management of overall risk management and internal control. The audit department of
                         the Company is responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of overall risk management and internal
                         control, and conducting internal control audit and supervision. Such risk management and internal
                         control management are designed to manage rather than eliminating the risk of failure to meet business
                         objectives and to only provide a reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that there will be no material
                         misrepresentations or losses.




178    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                    SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                   ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



2.   Risk management and internal control management systems and procedures

     The Company has formulated the Measures for the Administration of Overall Risk Management and
     Internal Control of the Company and the Measures for the Administration of Risk Evaluation of the
     Company. In accordance with the regulations, the legal compliance department of the Company
     conducts a comprehensive risk evaluation on the whole system of the Company at the beginning of
     each year to examine the effectiveness of overall risk management and control in the previous year and
     identify the major risks that will be faced in the next year and the countermeasures taken by it. The audit
     department of the Company conducts an internal control assessment at the beginning of each year
     to assess the effectiveness of internal control of the whole system for the previous year, identify any
     internal control defects and implement the rectification of internal control defects. The legal compliance
     department and audit department of the Company report to the Audit and Risk Management Committee
     on risk management and internal control, including but not limited to the effectiveness and defects of
     internal control of the Company, overall risk evaluation results and management and control measures.
     The key features of our Company's risk management and internal control systems and procedures
     include a comprehensive framework, a clear division of responsibilities, routine operations, and well-
     defined reporting channels.


3.   Non-compliance report policy and procedure

     The discipline inspection and supervision department of the Company is responsible for accepting
     reports on corrupt practices of internal staff of the Company, the violation of the Company’s rules and
     regulations, the dereliction of duty or malfeasance, etc., and carrying out investigation and handling
     in accordance with the Interim Provisions on Handling the Violation of Discipline and Non-compliance
     by Staff of the Company. Employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders of the Company
     can obtain the report telephone number from the official website of CRSC. Specifically, in accordance
     with the Implementation Measures for Handling Complaints about Tender and Bidding of the Company,
     it takes the lead in forming an investigation team to conduct investigations into complaints about the
     tender and bidding of equipment and materials of CRSC and their handling, and makes decisions on
     handling and gives replies, etc. according to law pursuant to permissions.


4.   Key business risks and internal control

     In accordance with the requirements of the Guidelines for Overall Risk Management of Central
     Enterprises of SASAC, the Company implements risk management in the operation of all its businesses
     and effectively manages and controls its business activities through the internal control system and
     the internal control process. In accordance with the Measures for the Administration of Rules and
     Regulations of Stock Company, the legal compliance department of the Company is responsible for
     the construction and improvement of the internal control system and evaluating and improving the
     effectiveness, operability and system coordination of the Company’s internal rules and regulations each
     year. In accordance with the Interim Measures for Investment Management of Stock Company, the
     Interim Measures for Investment Management of Capital Operation Projects of Stock Company and other
     regulations, the relevant business departments of the Company conduct special risk evaluations on
     important management activities such as investment and generate special risk evaluation reports as an
     important basis for decision making.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         179
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                 5.      Overall situation of risk management and internal control for 2025

                         In 2025, the legal compliance department and the audit department of the Company organised all
                         functional departments and enterprises of all levels to conduct overall risk evaluations, internal control
                         assessments, rationalise internal control system and procedure, and continue to improve the internal
                         control system, conduct investigations on special risk, track the implementation of major risk control
                         measures, and give risk warning at the beginning of the year in accordance with the regulations and
                         the requirements of the Board of Directors and management of the Company and organised special risk
                         evaluations on and took countermeasures against each major project in order to improve the Company’s
                         overall risk management and internal control management system and ensure that the Company’s risks
                         are controllable, the internal control system and procedure continue to be effective and internal control
                         measures are effectively implemented. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board has reviewed
                         the risk management and internal control system of the Company and its subsidiaries for 5 times through
                         the legal compliance department and the audit department, and considers that the system is still
                         effective and sufficient.


                         Meanwhile, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s
                         risk management and internal control systems, covering annual material risks and response measures,
                         financial monitoring, internal control and risk management system. The Audit and Risk Management
                         Committee has also considered the adequacy of the Group’s resources, employee qualifications and
                         experience in respect of accounting and financial reporting functions, and has reported the relevant
                         matters to the Board. No significant defect in internal control was identified in relevant review.


                 6.      Handling and releasing inside information

                         In accordance with the Company’s information disclosure management regulation, the Company has
                         defined the scope of inside information and relevant staff, established a sensitive information submission
                         and release approval mechanism and reviewed the content of the list on a regular basis so as to quickly
                         identify and promptly report any material which may constitute inside information. When receiving any
                         material which may constitute inside information, the information disclosure management department will
                         immediately evaluate the information and monitor the information before the release of the information to
                         ensure that only a small number of those who need to know the information receive such information and
                         ensure that these persons are well aware of their confidentiality responsibility. If such material is judged
                         to be inside information, the information disclosure management department will coordinate the release
                         of inside information as soon as possible through the electronic publication system operated by the
                         Stock Exchange.




180    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                             ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XV. INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY’ S SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN,
    EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN OR OTHER EMPLOYEE
    INCENTIVE MEASURES AND THEIR IMPACTS
   I.     General information of Share Incentive Plan

               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


   ii.    Relevant incentive events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no
          progress or change in subsequent implementation

               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


          Other explanations


               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


          Employee stock ownership plan


               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


          Other incentive measures


               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


   iii.   The equity incentives granted to the Directors, senior management and core
          technicians during the Reporting Period

          1.    Stock option

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


          2.    The first type of restricted stocks

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


          3.    The second type of restricted stocks

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


   iv.    Establishment and implementation of evaluation and incentive mechanisms for
          senior management during the Reporting Period

               Applicable      ✓   Not applicable




                                                                        Annual Report 2025   181
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      XVI. CONSTRUCTION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
           SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


          The Company continuously advanced the development of its internal control system, establishing a framework led by
          the Articles of Association that covers all levels, ensuring top-down coordination, orderly interaction, clear processes,
          and smooth interfacing. The internal control system is aligned with the Company’s strategy, operational scale,
          business scope, competitive landscape, and risk profile, and is adjusted in a timely manner in response to changes
          in internal and external environments. Each year, a plan for system development is issued and its implementation is
          tracked monthly. In 2025, the Company formulated and revised 32 systems. Internal control supervision and evaluation
          have been standardised, with a focus on key areas, major operations, and critical processes. Thorough reviews are
          conducted to identify internal control deficiencies in business management, and continuous follow-up on rectification
          efforts is carried out to facilitate the ongoing optimisation of the internal control system.


          Explanation of any significant defects in internal control during the Reporting Period


                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable




182    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                               ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XVII. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OVER SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD
    ✓     Applicable        Not applicable


   The Company further optimised its financial shared services system, treasury system, and integrated finance and
   operations platform to comprehensively enhance the efficiency and quality of financial management. Through the
   financial shared services system, centralised data processing and sharing have been realised, improving financial
   workflows and operational efficiency. The treasury system integrates capital management functions to optimise capital
   structure, reduce financing costs, and strengthen risk prevention and control. The integrated finance and operations
   platform promotes in-depth alignment between business and financial information, enhances automation, and enables
   the financial department to participate more actively in business planning, accelerating innovation and transformation.
   The application of these tools and platforms has strengthened the Company’s financial management capabilities,
   providing subsidiaries with comprehensive services and support, facilitating their sound development, mitigating risks,
   and jointly advancing the sustainable development of the group.


   Risk warning regarding abnormal management control over subsidiaries


          Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


XVIII. RELEVANT INFORMATION ABOUT AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL
       CONTROL
    ✓     Applicable        Not applicable


   The Report on Internal Control Evaluation for 2025 (《 2025年 度 內 部 控 制 評 價 報 告》) and the Audit Report for 2025
   of BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP on the Internal Control of China Railway Signal &
   Communication Corporation Limited《(立信會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）關於中國鐵路通信信號股份有限公司2025年度
   內部控制審計報告》) have been disclosed on the designated websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange(www.sse.com.
   cn) and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the official website of the Company (www.crsc.com.cn) together
   with this report.


   Whether to disclose the audit report of internal control: Yes


   Opinion type of internal control audit report: Standard report without reserved opinions


   Whether a non-standard audit opinion on internal control was issued for the Reporting Period or the preceding financial
   year


          Yes          ✓    No




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        183
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      XIX. SELF-EXAMINATION AND RECTIFICATION OF LISTED COMPANY
           GOVERNANCE SPECIAL ACTIONS
          With reference to the Special Self-examination List of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the Company
          carefully reviewed and inspected the setting of corporate organisations, the establishment of system, the operation and
          decision-making of organisations, controlling shareholders, actual controllers and related parties, the internal control
          management, the information disclosure, the circumstances of investors and other aspects. It set rectification targets,
          made elaborate arrangements and promptly made rectifications in an organised way. All problems were fully rectified.
          During the Reporting Period, the Company further improved the corporate governance system, refined the governance
          structure, strengthened regulated operations, enhanced the governance efficiency and promoted the high-quality
          corporate development.


      XX. JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
          During the Reporting Period and to the date of this report, Mr. LI Lianqing and Dr. NGAI Wai Fung have been the joint
          company secretaries of the Company. Dr. NGAI Wai Fung serves as a director and chief executive officer of SWCS
          Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a professional corporate service provider), and his main contact
          person in the Company is Mr. LI Lianqing. Mr. LI Lianqing also serves as a member of Standing Committee of the Party
          Committee, the chief accountant and secretary to the Board of the Company.


          Mr. LI Lianqing and Dr. NGAI Wai Fung undertook no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year
          ended 31 December 2025.


      XXI. AUDITOR’ S REMUNERATION AND MATTERS RELATING TO THE
           AUDITOR
          The particulars of the Company’s auditors are set out in Section VII “Significant Events” in the annual report.




184    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                             SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                            ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XXII. CORPORATE CULTURE
   1.   Mission and Vision

        Develop the national industry of national train control technology, lead the advancement of global rail transit
        technology, and protect people’s beautiful travel.


   2.   Core Values

        Our core values are: People-Oriented, Innovation & Progress, Safety-First, and Joint Value Creation


        Human capital is the Company’s most significant asset. We view our employees as the enterprise’s primary
        resource, adhering to a people-first and joint development philosophy. We treat our employees with the utmost
        respect, safeguarding their essential interests; we centre our operations around our customers, initiating with
        their needs and concluding with their satisfaction; we honour our partnerships, embracing mutual benefit and
        collaborative success.


        Innovation fuels our growth. The Company is committed to technological innovation, aiming at the technological
        advancement of national industries; we embrace management innovation, empowering our enterprise to
        strengthen, optimise, and expand. Technological and management innovations are the twin engines of our
        enterprise’s growth. Our dedication to continual innovation ensures a relentless drive towards sustainable
        development.


        Quality and safety form the cornerstone of our development. We deliver safe, reliable, and robust technology
        and products to our customers, thereby ensuring the safety of rail transport and protecting public life and
        property, which stands as our foremost political, economic, and social duty. “Quality as our essence, safety as
        our creed” encapsulates our core pursuit.


        Value creation is our unwavering ambition. Our role in the socioeconomic landscape carries significant political,
        economic, and social responsibilities. Creating value transcends improving economic returns, mitigating
        operational risks, and enhancing developmental capabilities. It involves fulfilling our political and social duties
        effectively, generating and sharing value with shareholders, customers, and the community at large.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         185
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          3.      Corporate Spirit

                  Our corporate spirit are: Realism, Innovation, Endeavor and Dedication


                  We adhere to a disciplined approach, honour scientific principles, follow regulations, and aim for tangible
                  achievements.


                  We advocate for open collaboration, aspire to new heights, pursue excellence, and strive for unparalleled
                  quality.


                  Remaining humble in success and resilient in failure, we tackle challenges head-on with selflessness and
                  bravery.


                  We commit wholeheartedly to our duties, embrace responsibility, strive for effective governance, and dedicate
                  our efforts to the nation through our industry.


      XXIII. STATEMENT ABOUT ESG FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
          The Board of Directors of the Company assumes ultimate responsibility for the Environmental, Social and Governance
          (ESG) matters, fully integrating ESG into the corporate strategy and business management. The Board of Directors
          fulfills its duties of ESG decision-making, supervision, and disclosure in accordance with the law, improving the
          governance structure, managing ESG risks, implementing green development, safeguarding employee rights, and
          fulfilling social responsibilities, thereby driving the Company’s long-term value enhancement through sustainable
          development. The Board of Directors commits that the Company’s ESG information disclosure is true, accurate, and
          complete.


      XXIV. ESG OVERALL PERFORMANCE
           ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


          During the year, the Company deeply studied and implemented the guiding principles from the 20th National Congress
          of the Communist Party of China and its plenary sessions. Adhering to the “1241” development strategy, it made every
          effort to enhance the “five values”. It forged ahead courageously in technological innovation, collaborated closely in
          industrial synergy, and diligently fulfilled its social responsibilities. Through concrete actions and tangible results, it
          took solid strides towards the goal of becoming a world-class enterprise.


          The Company deeply integrated ESG principles into the entire process of corporate governance and operations,
          continuously improved the modern enterprise system with Chinese characteristics and steadily strengthened its
          compliance management and risk prevention and control systems. Our efforts were recognized with a Grade A
          evaluation in the 2024 and the 2022–2024 tenure assessments of the operational performance of central enterprise
          leaders.




186    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                             ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



Focusing deeply on the dual tracks of “rail transit + low-altitude economy”, the Company achieved synergistic
breakthroughs across its four core businesses: intelligent rail transit, intelligent low-altitude operations, smart cities, and
intelligent worksites. Core technologies were successfully industrialized, international markets saw growth in multiple
regions, and the competitiveness of the entire industry chain was continuously fortified.


Committed to innovation-driven development, the Company built robust high-level innovation platforms and talent
teams, overcoming several key core technologies. During the year, the Company added three national manufacturing
champions and two railway industry science and technology innovation bases. It obtained 815 new authorized patents,
including 693 invention patents, continuously unleashing its innovative momentum.


The Company actively pursued green and low-carbon development, implementing the national “dual carbon” strategy.
All subsidiaries obtained ISO14001 environmental management system certification. The Company intensified efforts
in energy conservation, consumption reduction, and resource recycling. Four subsidiaries were recognized as green
factories, further highlighting our commitment to green development.


Upholding a people-oriented approach and prioritizing safety above all else, the Company strengthened accountability
for work safety and deepened the development of industrial workforce. It made solid progress in designated paired-
up assistance. Our performance in this area received the highest rating of “Excellent” from the SASAC. Leveraging its
volunteer service brand, the Company carried out public welfare initiatives, with 1,887 volunteer participations and 7,950
hours of volunteer service. Through dedicated actions, the Company demonstrated its commitment to sustainable value
creation.


(1)    Industry-specific ESG practices in the current year

         ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


       During the year, leveraging its expertise in the rail transit and intelligent equipment industries, the Company
       deeply embedded ESG principles throughout the entire process of technological innovation, industrial
       upgrading, and project construction, establishing a distinctive sustainability practice with high industry
       recognition.


       In terms of governance and industrial characteristics, the Company utilized high-quality Party building to guide
       modern corporate governance with Chinese characteristics. Focusing on the dual tracks of “rail transit + low-
       altitude economy”, it promoted the synergistic development of its four core sectors: intelligent rail transit,
       intelligent low-altitude operations, smart cities, and intelligent worksites. By deeply integrating compliance
       management and risk prevention with its core businesses, the Company enhanced its corporate governance
       and value creation capabilities through high-end, intelligent, and international development.


       Regarding innovation and technological distinctiveness, the Company remained committed to technological
       self-reliance, concentrating on breakthroughs in core technologies within the rail transit and low-altitude sectors.
       It drove the industrialization of core technologies such as intelligent low-altitude airspace management and
       cell-free communications. Through robust technological innovation, it empowered the construction of green,
       low-carbon, safe, and efficient new infrastructure, forming a unique industry ESG advantage characterized by
       “technological innovation + green enablement + safety and reliability”.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          187
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  In the domain of green development and social responsibility, leveraging the inherent low-carbon attributes of
                  rail transit and comprehensive project lifecycle management, the Company fully implemented green design,
                  green manufacturing, and green construction, achieving complete coverage of its environmental management
                  system. Simultaneously, it integrated work safety, industrial workforce development, and designated paired-
                  up assistance with the specific contexts of rail transit construction and operation. This led to the establishment
                  of a responsibility system built on the principles of “safety as the foundation, talent as the cornerstone, and
                  public welfare as an enabler”, continuously improving its ESG governance level and sustainable development
                  capabilities. These efforts provide solid support for building a country with strong transportation networks and
                  technological prowess.


          (2)     Current year ESG rating performance

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                                                                                      Company’ s rating result      Rating result
                                                                                      for the                       for the
                  ESG Rating system             ESG Rating organization               current year                  previous year


                  MSCI ESG Ratings              Morgan Stanley Capital                BBB                           BBB
                                                  International Company (MSCI)
                  Wind ESG Ratings              Wind                                  BBB                           BBB
                  China Media Group ESG         China Media Group                     Ranked 17th in the “China     17th
                    Ratings                                                               ESG Listed Companies
                                                                                          Pioneer 100”
                  China Media Group             China Media Group                     Ranked 10th in the “China     –
                    ESG Ratings                                                           ESG Listed Central
                                                                                          Companies Pioneer 100”
                  CSI ESG Rating                Shanghai CSI Index Information        A                             A
                                                  Service Co.


          (3)     Tracking by ESG thematic index funds during the year

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                  CRSC is a constituent of the CSI 300 ESG Benchmark Index and the CSI Central State-Owned Enterprises ESG
                  50 Index. According to the fourth-quarter 2025 report of the Rongtong CSI Chengtong Central State-Owned
                  Enterprises ESG Exchange-Traded Fund (Fund Code: 560810), the fund holds 6,230,200 shares of CRSC.




188    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                               SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                              ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XXV. THE ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION OF LISTED COMPANIES
     AND THEIR MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES INCLUDED IN THE LIST FOR
     ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION DISCLOSURE BASED ON LAW
    ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


   The number of enterprises included in the list for environmental information disclosure according to law (unit)        1


                                                        Index for environmental information disclosure report
   No.            Name                                  based on law


   1              Chengdu Railway Communication         Enterprise environmental information disclosure system based on
                      Equipment Co., Ltd.                 law (Sichuan Province) (http://103.203.219.138:8082/eps/index/
                                                          enterprise-search)


   Other explanations

         Applicable     ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       189
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      XXVI. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY WORK
          I.      Social contribution of the main business and key indicators of the industry

                  The Company adheres to its core businesses of rail transit and intelligent equipment, proactively serves national
                  strategies, and demonstrates the social value of a central enterprise through scientific and technological
                  innovation and industrial upgrading. Focusing on the dual tracks of “Rail + Low-Altitude”, the Company
                  promotes the coordinated development of intelligent rail transit, intelligent low-altitude economy, smart
                  city, intelligent operation and other businesses. Its core technologies have been industrialized and put into
                  application, continuously consolidating its leading position in the industry. The Company effectively safeguards
                  the security and stability of the rail transit industrial and supply chains, providing critical support for building a
                  country with strong transportation and developing new-type infrastructure. In 2025, CRSC Engineering System
                  had 849 projects under construction, 25 new projects commenced, and 340 projects completed and delivered.
                  It successfully completed 10 Level-I construction openings and 49 Level-II construction openings on railway
                  operating lines, implemented 45 extra-hazardous and large-scale projects and 134 hazardous and large-scale
                  projects. The total mileage of high-speed railways and passenger dedicated lines opened reached 1,232.156
                  kilometers.


                  The Company pursues self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology, strengthens the
                  development of innovation platforms, and continuously makes breakthroughs in key core technologies. The
                  quality and quantity of patents have grown steadily, and multiple achievements have reached advanced industry
                  levels, empowering high-quality development of the industry through technological innovation. The Company
                  strictly adheres to the bottom line of workplace safety, improves its safety management system, fully guarantees
                  the safety of project construction and operation, and earnestly safeguards public interests.


                  The Company actively practices green development, fully promotes green design, green manufacturing,
                  energy conservation and carbon reduction, achieving full coverage of environmental management systems
                  and supporting the achievement of the “dual carbon” goals. It earnestly fulfills social responsibilities, steadily
                  advances targeted assistance and public welfare volunteer services, stabilizes employment positions, and
                  cultivates skilled and scientific talents. The Company continues to play an important role in ensuring people’s
                  livelihood, driving industrial development and promoting common prosperity.




190    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                             ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



ii.    Promoting scientific and technological innovation

       The Company gives full play to its role as a national strategic scientific and technological force and a mainstay
       of technological innovation. Centering on the goals of achieving high-level self-reliance and self-improvement
       in science and technology, building a modern industrial system, and developing new-quality productive forces,
       it has established a strategic framework under the overall leadership of the Company’s Party Committee.
       Focusing on fulfilling its core role in scientific and technological innovation, the Company has adopted the
       “1241” development philosophy to define its dual-track layout of “Rail Transit + Low-Altitude Economy” and
       implemented a management model featuring parallel business and innovation lines, injecting strong impetus
       into high-quality development.


       In terms of innovation chains and supporting safeguards, CRSC strengthens the supply of high-quality
       technologies, covering the entire process from basic and forward-looking research to achievement
       transformation. Relying on national-level innovation platforms and cooperation mechanisms with academician
       teams, the Company promotes deep integration of science, technology and industrial innovation. In terms of
       operational mechanisms, the Company has introduced mechanisms such as “project bidding for leading talents”
       and “competitive evaluation”, and built an ecosystem for deep integration of industry, academia, research
       and application. It continues to improve its scientific and technological innovation system, consolidates the
       innovation foundation for its dual-track strategy, and constantly drives the innovation and upgrading of products
       and services. With a focused goal of building “national key equipment” in the field of intelligent control, the
       Company underpins the strategy of building a strong transportation country through scientific and technological
       self-reliance and self-improvement.


iii.   Abiding by scientific and technological ethic

       The Company is not engaged in tech ethics-sensitive industries such as life sciences and artificial intelligence.


iv.    Data security and privacy protection

       CRSC strictly complies with the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Personal Information
       Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations. The Company adopts a
       unified customer information management system and has set up a dedicated department responsible for the
       protection of customer data, so as to ensure that customer information and data are not leaked and effectively
       protect the rights and interests of customers.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       191
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          v.      Types and contributions of charitable activities

                  Type                                           Amounts             Explanation


                  External donations
                  Including: Funds (RMB’0,000)                   55.00               Used for public welfare relief and public welfare
                                                                                       undertakings
                                Goods converted into money       13.90               Donation of support materials to designated
                                 (RMB’0,000)                                           assistance areas


                  Commonweal projects
                      Including: Funds (RMB’0,000)               22.50               Used to support the development of
                                                                                       environmental protection, cultural education
                                                                                       and other undertakings
                                 Number of people rescued        –                   Actual number of beneficiaries cannot be
                                   (persons)                                           counted due to channel issues
                  Rural revitalisation
                      Including: Funds (RMB’0,000)               32.50               Donation to designated assistance areas for
                                                                                       rural revitalization
                                 Goods converted into money      13.90               Donation of support materials to designated
                                   (RMB’0,000)                                         assistance areas
                                 Number of people assisted in    –                   Actual number of beneficiaries cannot be
                                   employment (persons)                                counted due to channel issues


                 1.       Details of public charitable activities

                            ✓     Applicable         Not applicable


                           Relying on its “Building Dreams Together” volunteer service brand, the Company carries out a wide
                           range of public welfare volunteer activities, including voluntary tree planting, elderly care and assistance,
                           care for left-behind children and autistic children. During the year, the cumulative number of participants
                           in volunteer activities reached 1,887 person-times, with a total service duration of 7,950 hours. With
                           concrete actions, the Company conveys warmth, fulfills social responsibilities, and continuously builds
                           a corporate force for good and progress. In the course of overseas business expansion, the Company
                           actively participates in community development and helps improve the local economy and people’s
                           livelihood. The Mali Railway Project Department in Guinea has carried out community outreach and
                           consolation activities locally, achieving the common development of overseas business and local social
                           well-being.




192    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                    SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                   ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



2.   Details on consolidating and expanding the achievements of shaking off
     poverty and rural revitalisation

      ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


     Poverty Alleviation and Rural
     Revitalisation Projects                Number/Content             Explanation


     Total inputs (RMB’0,000)               46.40                      Donations to designated assistance areas
                                                                         for rural revitalization
     Including: Funds (RMB0’000)            32.50                      Donations to designated assistance areas
                                                                         for rural revitalization
     Goods converted into money             13.90                      Donation of relief materials to designated
       (RMB0’000)                                                        assistance areas
     Number of people benefited             –                          Actual number of beneficiaries cannot be
       (person)                                                          counted due to channel issues
     Forms of alleviation (such as          Poverty alleviation        Support the development of local
      poverty alleviation through                through industry,       characteristic industries, improve
      industry, poverty alleviation              poverty alleviation     basic education and teaching facilities,
      through employment, poverty                through education       and enhance the effectiveness of
      alleviation through education,                                     comprehensive assistance.
      etc.)


     Specific explanation


           Applicable    ✓      Not applicable




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   193
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          vi.     Information about the protection of equity of shareholders and creditors

                  The Company attached great importance to the protection of the equity of shareholders and creditors, actively
                  performed its duties as a listed company, faithfully undertook its responsibilities as a national pillar and
                  displayed its role as a central government-owned enterprise. The Company actively safeguards all legitimate
                  interests of shareholders. The Company attaches importance to the return to shareholders and strictly
                  implements the pro t distribution in accordance with the relevant provisions of the CSRC and the SSE. On 23
                  June 2025, the 2024 shareholders' meeting was held to review and approve the Resolution on Profit Distribution
                  Plan for 2024. It is recommended to distribute the cash dividend of RMB1.70 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares, and
                  the cash dividend distributed amounted to approximately RMB1.8 billion, ranking the top of listed companies in
                  the same industry with the same size. The Company attaches great importance to the right of shareholders to
                  participate in the corporate governance and guarantees the rights of investors to participate in the shareholders'
                  meeting of shareholders. To facilitate small and medium-sized investors to participate in corporate governance,
                  the shareholders' meeting of the Company is generally convened in a relatively fixed time and location through
                  the combination of on-site and online means. In addition, the chairman, president and other major leaders
                  of the Company will directly respond to investors’ concerns face-to-face through setting up a shareholders’
                  question and answer session in shareholders' meeting. The Company pays great attention to information
                  disclosure. Oriented to the demands of shareholders, the Company comprehensively strengthened two-way
                  communications with shareholders and disclosed important information about the Company in a true, accurate,
                  complete, timely, fair, brief, and clear manner so as to ensure their right to know.


                  The Company faithfully safeguards all legitimate rights and interests of all creditors. Through signing contracts
                  and making regular payments, the Company actively clears the debts owed to creditors, especially private
                  enterprises, to prevent overdue, delayed, and non-payments and fully ensure the payment of migrant workers’
                  wages. In addition, strictly complying with the requirements of bond issuance, the Company will timely repay the
                  financing principal and interest on schedule to ensure the legal interests of bond holders.




194    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                        ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



vii.   Information about the protection of the interests of employees

       1.   Occupational Health

            CRSC strictly complies with the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
            Occupational Diseases and other laws and regulations. The Company has improved its occupational
            disease prevention and control mechanism, supervised its affiliated enterprises to fully implement
            the primary responsibility for occupational disease prevention and control, and completed classified
            management files for occupational disease hazards. It has continuously carried out third-party testing
            and monitoring of workplaces with occupational disease hazards and occupational health examinations
            for employees engaged in occupational disease related operations, successfully achieving all control
            objectives for occupational health and occupational disease prevention and control.


            In 2025, all 234 occupational hazard work sites of CRSC were qualified, representing a 100% compliance
            rate. No cases of occupational diseases or suspected occupational diseases were identified.


       2.   Employee Care

            CRSC has continued to hold a variety of activities to enrich employees’ leisure life, relieve work pressure
            and enhance collective cohesion. In 2025, the Company held more than 80 events covering 15,000
            employee participations, fostering a positive, harmonious and cohesive working environment


       3.   Employee Support

            CRSC attaches great importance to the support and care of employees in need, and carries out targeted
            assistance and relief. The Company regularly provides care visits to frontline employees, conducts
            festival visits, and offers care activities for retired employees, fostering a harmonious, stable and
            supportive atmosphere.


            Employee stock ownership
            Number of employees with stock ownership (person)                                                    N/A
            Proportion of employees with stock ownership in total number of
              employees of the Company (%)                                                                       N/A
            Number of shares held by employees (10,000 shares)                                                   N/A
            Proportion of shares held by employees in total share capital (%)                                    N/A




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         195
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          viii.   Information about the protection of the interests of suppliers, customers and
                  consumer

                  The Company strengthens controls over key links including bidding and procurement, supplier selection and
                  contract signing, embeds compliance risk management into all links and the entire process of the supply
                  chain, and forms a comprehensive and effective supply chain management and control system. The Company
                  effectively prevents integrity risks, implements the requirements and standards for the standardized “blacklist”
                  management of suppliers, and clarifies that suppliers that violate integrity requirements or professional ethics
                  will be included in the “blacklist”, and all products and services provided by them will be prohibited from
                  procurement and use. The Company benchmarks and learns from the experience of advanced enterprises
                  in building digital procurement platforms, and gradually improves the functions of the “CRSC Procurement”
                  platform to achieve open business, controlled processes, full online operation and permanent traceability.


                  The Company strictly complies with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China
                  and other laws and regulations, and strictly follows applicable service and product labeling provisions. Taking
                  user demand as the orientation and keeping pace with market demand, the Company continuously improves
                  user recognition. A dedicated department is set up to be responsible for after-sales service and complaint
                  resolution, adopting a three-level management model to strive to meet customer needs with high quality. The
                  project department structure remains after the project is opened and delivered, and cooperates with customers
                  on site to complete guarantee, defect elimination and other work, and most after-sales services are resolved at
                  this stage; affiliated enterprises supervise and manage projects under their responsibility, coordinate resources
                  within their scope to solve corresponding problems; the Company headquarters coordinates and manages after-
                  sales service and complaint resolution, supervises and controls key projects at its level and across the system,
                  and coordinates relevant resources across the system to solve issues when necessary according to customer
                  needs.




196    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                            SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                           ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



ix.   Product safety and security

       ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


      Led by the “Powerful Country in Quality” strategy, CRSC has established a “five-in-one” quality management
      system covering the entire life cycle of R&D, design, manufacturing, project delivery and operation and
      maintenance, namely strategy-driven, standard-led, digital-enabled, risk-forward and continuous-improvement.
      Relying on international standards such as ISO 9001, IRIS and EN 50126/8/9, the Company has organically
      coordinated quality objectives with core ESG issues including carbon neutrality, safe production and supply
      chain responsibility. Through the Quality Management System (QMS) and relying on systems such as MES
      and PLM, the Company has strengthened process control and closed-loop improvement, achieving zero major
      quality accidents in the past three years. This has supported the localization rate of high-speed rail train control
      systems to increase to 100%, effectively guaranteeing the essential safety and green low-carbon operation of
      the national rail transit. In 2025, 9 enterprises of CRSC completed the integration of security systems and IRIS
      systems, 1 enterprise obtained the IRIS gold certification, 7 enterprises obtained the silver certification, and
      4 enterprises obtained the CMMI Level 5 certification. CRSC attaches great importance to safety education
      and training, comprehensively improving the safety literacy and performance ability of all staff, and promoting
      enterprises to fulfill the main responsibility of safe production and improve the level of essential safety. In 2025,
      CRSC held a safe production education and training session themed “Everyone Talks About Safety, Everyone
      Knows How to Respond to Emergencies”, with more than 1,200 participants. It carried out the examination and
      certification for railway safety management personnel, with 1,287 people passing the examination and a pass
      rate of 90.8%. It carried out the training and certification for safety management personnel, with 146 people
      obtaining certificates. It organized and carried out the penetrating management training and examination and
      certification for construction principals and “four types of staff and one foreman” in the company, with 114
      people completing the training and passing the assessment.


      CRSC has established a safe production risk management process. Through risk identification, risk prevention,
      risk monitoring and screening, risk handling, reporting and system improvement, the Company has continuously
      optimized the risk list and prevention and control plans, and comprehensive built a safe and healthy working
      environment.


x.    IPR (intellectual property protection)

      CRSC upholds building a solid “defense moat” for core technologies through a patent pool. It has established
      a coordinated protection mechanism for patents and technical secrets, a pre-patent-application assessment
      mechanism, a patent navigation implementation mechanism, and a dynamic assessment mechanism for patent
      quality, and evaluates the validity of intellectual property rights as well as intellectual property management and
      incentive mechanisms. It has formed high-density patent clusters around key areas, avoids infringement risks
      through digital systems, identifies patent risks in advance during technological research and development and
      market expansion, and continuously strengthens the planning and layout of overseas patents.


xi.   Other commitments of social responsibility

            Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         197
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



      XXVII. OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          I.      Party’ s building

                   ✓   Applicable         Not applicable


                  CRSC takes Party building as the guide for development, focuses on fostering core competitive advantages
                  under the “dual-track” strategy, effectively strengthens core functions and enhances core competitiveness, and
                  makes every effort to promote high-quality development of the Company.


                  1.     Deepen theoretical arming. A three-level coordination mechanism has been established featuring “overall
                         planning by the leading group, dedicated promotion by the office, and coordinated implementation
                         by primary-level Party organizations”. The Company has improved the long-term mechanism of the
                         “Four Learnings”, held special Party lectures together with warning education meetings and summary
                         meetings, and relevant practices have been published and promoted by official platforms including
                         the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission and People’s Daily Online Party
                         Building Channel.


                  2.     Consolidate organizational foundation. The Company guides the Party organizations of its affiliated
                         enterprises to optimize their setup, supervises the general election of affiliated enterprises, develops
                         Party members with high quality, and continuously enhances the construction of posts, areas, teams and
                         the creation of Party building brands.


                  3.     Integrate Party building with business development. Party building empowers core businesses to improve
                         quality and efficiency, and the Company promotes special tasks including high-quality implementation
                         of the “First Topic”, supervision of important matters of the Party Committee, and deepening reform and
                         improvement initiatives. The Company has carried out a special action to strengthen and empower Party
                         building, promoted more than 80 primary-level Party organizations to carry out joint construction, and 11
                         achievements have been selected as excellent cases of Party building in state-owned enterprises.


                  4.     Strengthen Party conduct and clean governance. The Company thoroughly implements the deployment
                         requirements of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission and the discipline
                         inspection and supervision team stationed therein, formulates the Measures for the Normalization and
                         Long-term Effectiveness of Party Discipline Education, revises the Measures for the Administration of
                         Clean Government Archives for Leading Cadres, urges members of the leading bodies to report the
                         performance of the “dual responsibilities for one post” in exercising full and strict governance over the
                         Party, conducts research by leading body members, and achieves full coverage of inspections and
                         disciplinary inspections.




198    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                             ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



ii.   Investor relationships and protection

      Type                                        Number         Related information


      Convening the results presentation                3         The Company has held the results presentation
        meetings                                                     meeting for the year 2024 and the first quarter
                                                                     of 2025, an online results presentation meeting
                                                                     for the first half of 2025, and an online results
                                                                     presentation meeting for the third quarter of
                                                                     2025.


      Carrying out investor relationships               –        The Company replied to investors’ recent concerns
        management activities through                             or doubts through the SSE e-Interaction platform
        new media                                                 i n t i m e t o h e l p i n v e s t o r s b e t t e r u n d e r sta n d,
                                                                  recognise and trust the Company. The Company
                                                                  set up the WeChat Official Account to present
                                                                  recent news of the Company, demonstrate the
                                                                  Company through more channels and better
                                                                  transmit the voice of the Company, allowing
                                                                  investors to enter the Company more conveniently
                                                                  and deeply understand the Company.


      Setting up an investor relationships    ✓   Yes       No
        column on the official website




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025                  199
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



                  Details of investor relationship management and protection


                   ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                  The Company attached great importance to investor relationship management and protection. The Company
                  always adheres to the principle of fair disclosure and makes disclosure on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and
                  the Hong Kong Stock Exchange simultaneously since its listing. Given the different regulatory requirements
                  between the two places, the Company disclosed information in accordance with the more stringent regulatory
                  requirements. It conducted information disclosure in compliance with laws and regulations, guaranteed the
                  quality of information disclosure, promoted investors to understand and recognise the Company and established
                  the image of respecting investors. To further enhance investors’ understanding of the Company, reduce
                  information asymmetry to the maximum extent and better demonstrate the Company’s strength to investors, the
                  Company organised results presentation meetings in a timely manner after the disclosure of regular reports.
                  To facilitate small and medium-sized investors to better participate in activities and improve the efficiency of
                  communications, the Company carried out online activities and communicated and interacted with domestic
                  and overseas investors on issues such as industry trends, development strategies, production and operation,
                  financial conditions, dividend distribution, risks and difficulties and other general concerns of investors
                  through channels such as live streaming, telephone questions and text interaction. It allowed investors to
                  better understand the Company, recognise the corporate culture and trust the corporate development, thereby
                  realising the value of the capital market and safeguarding shareholders’ rights and interests. In addition, the
                  Company conducted on-site research for regulatory authorities, institutional investors, securities analysts, small
                  and medium-sized investors, and the media to showcase the remarkable achievements made by the Company
                  in recent years in R&D of advanced technology, high-end equipment manufacturing, and emerging industries.
                  This effort aimed to enhance the Company’s positive image in the capital market and gained recognition from a
                  wide range of investors.


                  Information about other ways of engagements with investors


                   ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                  The Company carries out investors’ relations management through various channels. We keep in touch with
                  institutional investors and small and medium-sized investors through various forms such as the Company’s
                  investors’ hotline, investors’ email, regularly accept the consultation of investors.




200    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                           SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



iii.   Transparency of information disclosure

        ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


       The Company effectively fulfilled the information disclosure obligations as a public company, strictly complied
       with the published and implemented relevant information reporting and disclosure systems of the CSRC, the
       SSE, the Stock Exchange and the Company. It focused on high-quality information disclosure principles,
       specified the responsibilities of information disclosure subjects and solidified the reporting and disclosure
       procedures on internal significant information and guaranteed investors’ timely and equally access to key
       information disclosed by the Company. In addition, on the basis of the established information disclosure
       in accordance with laws and regulations, the Company further enhanced the transparency of its information
       disclosure through voluntary disclosure, social responsibility report, etc., so that investors could understand
       the Company’s situation more deeply, share the achievements of the Company’s development and realise value
       investment. For three consecutive years, CRSC has received “A-level” in Shanghai Stock Exchange’s information
       disclosure evaluation.


iv.    Institutional investors’ participation in corporate governance

        ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


       The Company attached great importance to the opinions and suggestions of institutional investors and
       supported more institutional investors to participate in corporate governance. The Company revised its working
       rules of special committees to ensure clear delineation of responsibilities and standardised meeting procedures.
       The Company regularly held teleconferences with institutional investors to address inquiries and actively
       solicited their opinions and suggestions on significant matters of common concern in the capital market, such as
       the Company’s development strategy, production and operation, financial condition, dividend distribution, and
       employee incentives. It also organised relevant departments for discussions to address and resolve issues from
       multiple perspectives, truly incorporating investor voices into the Company. The Company meticulously ensured
       the performance of independent directors by establishing a multi-channel and normalised communication
       mechanism. The Chairman and President engaged in frequent communication and exchange with independent
       directors on major issues such as corporate development strategy, deepening reforms, innovative development,
       and risk prevention and control, and provided independent directors with updates on production and operation
       information, financial data, progress on major projects, and risk management. Additionally, they actively invited
       independent directors to participate in Annual Work Conferences and conduct field research at subsidiaries
       and project sites, facilitating a timely understanding of the Company’s operational development, strategic
       implementation, resolution execution, and technological innovation. Through diversified corporate governance,
       the Company further improved its governance structure, elevated governance standards, and enhanced
       governance effectiveness, thereby contributing to the high-quality development of the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        201
      SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
      ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



          v.      Operation of anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption mechanisms

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                  CRSC strictly implements the systems and regulations governing anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption.
                  With institutional development as the core, the Company strengthens integrity management, improves
                  supporting control mechanisms, and fortifies the line of defense for integrity-based operation and management.
                  In accordance with the Work Rules for Supervision and Enforcement of Discipline by Disciplinary Inspection
                  Organs of the Communist Party of China, the Interim Measures for Supervision and Enforcement of Discipline
                  and other relevant requirements, the Company accurately handles case clues, promotes the application of
                  the Handbook on Supervision and Enforcement of Discipline, continuously standardizes workflows including
                  clue handling, review and hearing, and enhances the quality of supervision and discipline enforcement. The
                  Company earnestly implements internal supervision systems such as the Measures for the Supervision and
                  Administration of Bidding, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Inspection of Patrol Rectification
                  Work, and the Opinions on Further Strictly Enforcing Disciplinary Requirements for Rectifying the Misconduct
                  of “Feeding on Enterprises”. It continues to improve the working mechanism of the Coordination Group for the
                  Construction of Party Conduct, Clean Governance and Anti-Corruption Work, convenes regular meetings of the
                  Coordination Group, and makes full use of the Handbook on the Prevention and Control of Integrity Risks to
                  ensure full-coverage supervision with no blind spots.


          vi.     Other corporate governance

                   ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                  The Company follows the principles of hierarchical, categorised, and centralised risk management, and has
                  established a comprehensive risk management organisational structure tailored to its own characteristics. This
                  includes the Party Committee, Board of Directors, Audit and Risk Management Committee, management, risk
                  and internal control departments, internal audit department, other functional departments, and subsidiaries.
                  Each entity performs its risk prevention and control duties in accordance with the Articles of Association and
                  internal rules.


                  The Company organised the annual risk information collection, quantitative evaluation, and the formulation of risk
                  management strategies and countermeasures, and compiled the Major Business Risk Forecast and Assessment
                  Report of CRSC. To address major business risks at subsidiaries, a differentiated risk monitoring indicator
                  system–“one table for one enterprise”– was established, with major risk management monitored quarterly.
                  The Company compiled and published the Headquarters Department Position Compliance Responsibilities
                  List, forming a compliance constraint guide covering critical domains, key operations, vital positions, and
                  pivotal processes. The Company revised and issued its List of Controlled Powers and Headquarters Authority
                  Management Manual to further clarify the division of responsibilities between headquarters and subsidiaries,
                  standardising approval process authorities.




202    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                              SECTION V CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
                                             ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY (CONTINUED)



XXVIII. OTHER
     ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


    From 15 July 2022 up to the date of disclosure of this report, Mr. Li Lianqing and Mr. Ngai Wai Fung have been the
    Joint Company Secretaries of the Company. Mr. Ngai Wai Fung is a director and Group Chief Executive Officer of
    Fangyuan Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a professional corporate services provider. The principal
    contact person of the Company for Mr. Ngai Wai Fung is Mr. Li Lianqing. Mr. Li Lianqing also serves as a Member of
    the Standing Committee of the Party Committee and Chief Accountant of the Company.


    Directors’ responsibilities for the accounts

    Each of Directors has acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
    Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


    The Board is responsible for presenting a clear and understandable assessment of annual and interim reports, price
    sensitive information and other disclosures required under the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
    and other regulatory requirements. The management has provided such explanation and information to the Board as
    necessary to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial information and position of the Group
    put forward to the Board for approval.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        203
204
                                                           I.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
                                                                I.   Undertakings during or carried forward to the Reporting Period by the Company’ s actual controller,
                                                                     shareholders, related parties, acquirers and the Company and other relevant parties providing
                                                                     undertakings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SECTION VI
                                                                       ✓        Applicable                  Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Whether or     timely, please performed timely,
                                                                                                        Party                                                                                                  Is there a                         not timely     explain the     please state the
                                                                     Background of Contents of          providing                                                                           Time and term of   term for                           and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                                                                     undertakings         undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                               undertakings       performance Term of undertakings   performed      for the failure step
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                     Undertakings         Profit        CRSC         CRSC has made the following undertakings in respect of profit Time of undertakings: No                 Long-term effective   Yes            –               –
                                                                     associated with distribution                    distribution policies: The Company will distribute profits to 15 April 2019
                                                                     the initial public                              shareholders in strict accordance with the profit distribution
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

                                                                     offering                                        policies stipulated by relevant laws and regulations, the Articles
                                                                                                                     of Association of China Railway Signal & Communication
                                                                                                                     Corporation Limited, and Dividend Distribution Plan within the
                                                                                                                     Three Years after the Initial Public Offering and Listing of A
                                                                                                                     Shares of CRSC (2019–2021), and strictly implement the review
                                                                                                                     procedures for the profit distribution plan. If the violation of the
                                                                                                                     above undertakings causes losses to the investors, the Company
                                                                                                                     shall be liable to the investors according to law.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Whether or     timely, please performed timely,
                                                   Party                                                                                                   Is there a                              not timely     explain the     please state the
                     Background of Contents of     providing                                                                            Time and term of   term for                                and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                     undertakings   undertaking    undertakings Contents of undertakings                                                undertakings       performance Term of undertakings        performed      for the failure step


                                    Non-           CRSC Group CRSC Group have made the following undertakings in respect Time of undertakings: Yes                      Term: The letter of         Yes           –               –
                                    competition               of the non-competition undertakings: (1) As of the date of 15 April 2019                                  undertakings takes effect
                                    undertakings                the issuance of letter of undertakings, CRSC Group and the                                              from the date of issuance,
                                                                                                                                                                        and is terminated upon the
                                                                holding enterprises of CRSC Group (excluding CRSC and its
                                                                                                                                                                        occurrence of the following
                                                                holding enterprises, same hereinafter) have not engaged in
                                                                                                                                                                        circumstances (whichever
                                                                or participated in the businesses or activities that constitute
                                                                                                                                                                        is earlier): CRSC Group is
                                                                or may constitute a direct or indirect competitive relationship
                                                                                                                                                                        no longer the controlling
                                                                with the principal business currently engaged in by CRSC and                                            shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SECTION VI
                                                                its holding enterprises in any form domestically or abroad. (2)                                         CRSC terminates its listing
                                                                CRSC Group and its holding enterprises do not, currently or in                                          (except for the suspension
                                                                the future, solely or jointly with others, directly or indirectly, in                                   of trading of CRSC’s stock
                                                                any form (including but not limited to investment, merger and                                           for any reason).
                                                                acquisition, associates, joint ventures, cooperation, partnership,
                                                                contracting or leasing operation, purchase of shares of listed
                                                                companies or equity participation) domestically or abroad
                                                                engage in or participate in, or assist to engage in or participate
                                                                in any businesses or activities which compete or is likely to
                                                                compete with the principal business engaged currently or in the
                                                                future by CRSC and its holding enterprises. (3) If CRSC Group
                                                                or its holding enterprises find any new business opportunities
                                                                which directly or indirectly compete or is likely to compete with
                                                                the principal business of CRSC and its holding enterprises,
                                                                they will immediately notify CRSC in writing and try their best to
                                                                procure that these business opportunities are first provided to
                                                                CRSC and its holding enterprises on reasonable and fair terms
Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



205
206
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Whether or     timely, please performed timely,     SECTION VI
                                                                                        Party                                                                                                 Is there a                         not timely     explain the     please state the
                                                           Background of Contents of    providing                                                                          Time and term of   term for                           and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                                                           undertakings   undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                              undertakings       performance Term of undertakings   performed      for the failure step


                                                                                                     and conditions. (4) If CRSC and its holding enterprises waive
                                                                                                     the above new business opportunities and CRSC Group or its
                                                                                                     holding enterprises engage in these competitive businesses,
                                                                                                     CRSC and its holding enterprises have the right to acquire
                                                                                                     any equity, assets and other interests in the abovementioned
                                                                                                     competitive business from CRSC Group or its holding enterprises
                                                                                                     at one or multiple times at any time, or choose to entrust
                                                                                                     operation, lease or contract to operate the assets or business
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                     of the above-mentioned competitive business in accordance
                                                                                                     with the PRC laws and regulations. (5) If CRSC Group or its
                                                                                                     holding enterprises intend(s) to transfer, sell, lease, licence or
                                                                                                     otherwise transfer or permit to use the asset and business which
                                                                                                     competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with the
                                                                                                     principal business of CRSC and its holding enterprises, CRSC
                                                                                                     Group and its holding enterprises will provide priority transfer
                                                                                                     rights to CRSC and its holding enterprises. (6) CRSC Group will
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                     indemnify CRSC and its holding enterprises against all actual
                                                                                                     losses, damages and expenses suffered/occurred for CRSC
                                                                                                     Group or its holding enterprises’ breach of any terms in the letter
                                                                                                     of undertaking. (7) The letter of undertakings takes effect from
                                                                                                     the date of issuance, and is terminated upon the occurrence of
                                                                                                     the following circumstances (whichever is earlier): CRSC Group is
                                                                                                     no longer the controlling shareholder of CRSC; CRSC terminates
                                                                                                     its listing (except for the temporary suspension of trading of
                                                                                                     CRSC’s stock for any reason).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whether or     timely, please performed timely,
                                                    Party                                                                                                 Is there a                                 not timely     explain the     please state the
                     Background of Contents of      providing                                                                          Time and term of   term for                                   and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                     undertakings   undertaking     undertakings Contents of undertakings                                              undertakings       performance Term of undertakings           performed      for the failure step


                                    Related Party   CRSC         CRSC Group has made the following undertakings in respect of Time of undertakings: Yes                Term: The letter of           Yes            –               –
                                    Transactions                 regulating Related Party Transactions: (1) CRSC Group and its 15 April 2019                           undertakings takes effect
                                                                 holding enterprises (excluding CRSC and its holding enterprises,                                      from the date of issuance,
                                                                 same hereinafter) will try their best to minimise the Related Party                                   and is terminated upon the
                                                                 Transactions with CRSC and its holding enterprises. (2) For                                           occurrence of the following
                                                                 the Related Party Transactions related with operating activities                                      circumstances (whichever
                                                                 of CRSC that are not avoidable, CRSC Group and its holding                                            is earlier): CRSC Group is
                                                                 enterprises will perform the decision-making procedures of                                            no longer the controlling
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SECTION VI
                                                                 Related Party Transactions to ensure fair pricing and timely fulfil                                   shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                 information disclosure obligations in strict compliance with the                                      CRSC terminates its listing
                                                                 relevant laws and regulations and regulatory documents as well                                        (except for the suspension
                                                                 as the relevant requirements in CRSC’s internal system related                                        of trading of CRSC’s stock
                                                                 with Related Party Transactions. (3) CRSC Group will not take                                         for any reason).
                                                                 advantage of its position as a controlling shareholder to seek any
                                                                 favourable conditions or benefits over independent third parties
                                                                 for CRSC Group and its holding enterprises from CRSC and its
                                                                 holding enterprises in business operation and other business.
                                                                 (4) CRSC Group will indemnify CRSC and its holding enterprises
                                                                 against all actual losses, damages and expenses suffered/
                                                                 incurred for CRSC Group and its holding enterprises’ violation
                                                                 of abovementioned undertakings. (5) The above-mentioned
                                                                 undertakings remain effective when CRSC Group has the control
                                                                 right over CRSC and cannot be changed or cancelled.



Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



207
208
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whether or     timely, please performed timely,     SECTION VI
                                                                                        Party                                                                                     Is there a                         not timely     explain the     please state the
                                                           Background of Contents of    providing                                                             Time and term of    term for                           and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                                                           undertakings   undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                 undertakings        performance Term of undertakings   performed      for the failure step


                                                                          Other         CRSC         CRSC has made the following undertakings in respect of Time of undertakings: No           Long-term effective   Yes            –               –
                                                                                                     restraints on failure to comply with relevant public undertakings: 15 April 2019
                                                                                                     (1) If the relevant undertakings made publicly by the Company
                                                                                                     in the prospectus have already contained the restraints, such
                                                                                                     restraints specified in those undertakings shall prevail; if the
                                                                                                     Company breaches those undertakings, the Company agrees
                                                                                                     to adopt the restraints already specified in those undertakings.
                                                                                                     (2) If the Company fails to perform its undertakings, confirms
                                                                                                     that it is unable to perform or fails to perform as scheduled,
                                                                                                     its undertakings (except for the objective reasons beyond the
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                     control of the Company such as changes in relevant laws and
                                                                                                     regulations and policies, natural disasters and other force
                                                                                                     majeure), the Company will take the following measures: 1)
                                                                                                     It shall publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to
                                                                                                     perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
                                                                                                     undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall
                                                                                                     make supplementary or substitute undertakings to the Company
                                                                                                     and its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of the
                                                                                                     Company and its shareholders as much as possible. 3) If
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                     the public investors suffer losses due to their reliance on the
                                                                                                     undertakings of the Company in transactions, the Company
                                                                                                     will compensate them in the way and amount determined by
                                                                                                     the securities regulatory authorities or judicial authorities. (3)
                                                                                                     In the event that the Company fails to perform its undertakings,
                                                                                                     confirms that it is unable to perform or fails to perform as
                                                                                                     scheduled, its undertakings due to objective reasons beyond
                                                                                                     the control of the Company such as changes in relevant laws
                                                                                                     and regulations and policies, natural disasters and other force
                                                                                                     majeure, the Company will take the following measures: 1)
                                                                                                     It shall publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to
                                                                                                     perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
                                                                                                     undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall
                                                                                                     make supplementary or substitute undertakings to the Company
                                                                                                     and its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of the
                                                                                                     Company and its shareholders as much as possible.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                 fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                 performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                  Whether or     timely, please performed timely,
                                                  Party                                                                                        Is there a                         not timely     explain the     please state the
                     Background of Contents of    providing                                                               Time and term of     term for                           and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                     undertakings   undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                   undertakings         performance Term of undertakings   performed      for the failure step


                                    Other         CRSC Group CRSC Group has made the following undertakings in respect of Time of undertakings: No          Long-term effective   Yes            –               –
                                                             restraints on failure to comply with relevant public undertakings: 15 April 2019
                                                             (1) CRSC Group will strictly implement the public undertakings
                                                             made by CRSC Group in the prospectus for this issue and
                                                             actively accept public supervision. (2) If CRSC Group fails
                                                             to fulfil its undertakings, confirms that it is unable to perform
                                                             or fails to perform as scheduled, its undertakings (except for
                                                             the objective reasons beyond the control of the Group such
                                                             as changes in relevant laws and regulations and policies,
                                                             natural disasters and other force majeure), CRSC Group will
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SECTION VI
                                                             take the following measures: 1) It shall publicly explain the
                                                             specific reasons for the failure to perform, inability to perform
                                                             or to perform as scheduled, the undertakings in the media
                                                             designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall make supplementary or
                                                             substitute undertakings to CRSC and its shareholders to protect
                                                             the rights and interests of CRSC and its shareholders as much
                                                             as possible. 3) In case of any gains (if any) due to the failure
                                                             to perform the relevant undertakings, the gains shall be owned
                                                             by CRSC. 4) If the public investors suffer losses due to their
                                                             reliance on the undertakings of CRSC Group in transactions,
                                                             CRSC Group will compensate them in the way and amount
                                                             determined by the securities regulatory authorities or judicial
                                                             authorities. (3) In the event that CRSC Group fails to perform
                                                             its undertakings, confirms that it is unable to perform or fails
                                                             to perform as scheduled its undertakings due to objective
                                                             reasons beyond the control of CRSC Group such as changes
                                                             in relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural disasters
                                                             and other force majeure, CRSC Group will take the following
                                                             measures: 1) publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure
                                                             to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
Annual Report 2025                                           undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall
                                                             make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its
                                                             shareholders to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



                                                             shareholders as much as possible.
209
210
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Whether or     timely, please performed timely,     SECTION VI
                                                                                        Party                                                                                                      Is there a                         not timely     explain the     please state the
                                                           Background of Contents of    providing                                                                               Time and term of   term for                           and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                                                           undertakings   undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                                   undertakings       performance Term of undertakings   performed      for the failure step


                                                                          Other         The           The Company’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management Time of undertakings: No                       Long-term effective   Yes            –               –
                                                                                        Company’s     have made the following undertakings in respect of restraints 15 April 2019
                                                                                        Directors,    on failure to comply with relevant public undertakings: (1) I will
                                                                                        Supervisors strictly perform the public undertakings made in the prospectus
                                                                                        and senior    for this issue and actively accept public supervision. (2) If
                                                                                        management I fail to perform my undertakings, confirm that I am unable
                                                                                                      to perform or fail to perform as scheduled, my undertakings
                                                                                                      (except for the objective reasons beyond my control such as
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                      changes in relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural
                                                                                                      disasters and other force majeure), I will take the following
                                                                                                      measures: 1) publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure
                                                                                                      to perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
                                                                                                      undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall
                                                                                                      make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and
                                                                                                      its shareholders to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and
                                                                                                      its shareholders as much as possible. 3) In case of any gains (if
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                      any) due to the failure to perform the relevant undertakings, the
                                                                                                      gains shall be owned by CRSC. 4) If the public investors suffer
                                                                                                      losses due to their reliance on my undertakings in transactions, I
                                                                                                      will compensate them in the way and amount determined by the
                                                                                                      securities regulatory authorities or judicial authorities; if I receive
                                                                                                      the salary from CRSC, I agree that CRSC can stop paying
                                                                                                      the salary to me and use it directly to perform my unfulfilled
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Whether or     timely, please performed timely,
                                                   Party                                                                                                 Is there a                                 not timely     explain the     please state the
                     Background of Contents of     providing                                                                          Time and term of   term for                                   and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                     undertakings   undertaking    undertakings Contents of undertakings                                              undertakings       performance Term of undertakings           performed      for the failure step


                                                                undertakings or to compensate for the loss caused to CRSC and
                                                                its shareholders by my unfulfilled undertakings (3) In the event
                                                                that I fail to perform my undertakings, confirm that I am unable
                                                                to perform or fail to perform as scheduled, my undertakings
                                                                due to objective reasons beyond my control such as changes
                                                                in relevant laws and regulations and policies, natural disasters
                                                                and other force majeure, I will take the following measures:
                                                                1) I will publicly explain the specific reasons for the failure to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SECTION VI
                                                                perform, inability to perform or to perform as scheduled, the
                                                                undertakings in the media designated by the CSRC. 2) It shall
                                                                make supplementary or substitute undertakings to CRSC and its
                                                                shareholders to protect the rights and interests of CRSC and its
                                                                shareholders as much as possible.


                     Other          Non-           CRSC Group On 20 July 2015, CRSC Group issued to us a letter of non- Time of undertakings: Yes                     Term: The letter of           Yes            –               –
                     undertakings   competition                 competition undertakings, which is effective in the Relevant 20 July 2015                             undertakings takes effect
                                    undertakings                Period (as defined in the H share prospectus). Pursuant to                                            from the date of issuance,
                                                                the letter of non-competition undertakings, CRSC Group has                                            and is terminated upon the
                                                                confirmed that, as at the date of the letter of non-competition                                       occurrence of the following
                                                                undertakings, CRSC Group has not engaged in or participated                                           circumstances (whichever
                                                                in any form of business activities which, directly or indirectly,                                     is earlier): CRSC Group is
                                                                compete with the Company’s principal businesses. For further                                          no longer the controlling
                                                                details of the letter of non-competition undertakings, please refer                                   shareholder of CRSC;
                                                                to the H share prospectus of the Company.                                                             CRSC terminates its listing
                                                                                                                                                                      (except for the suspension
Annual Report 2025                                                                                                                                                    of trading of CRSC’s stock
                                                                                                                                                                      for any reason).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



211
212
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    If the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    fails to be     If the undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    performed       fails to be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whether or     timely, please performed timely,     SECTION VI
                                                                                        Party                                                                                                  Is there a                            not timely     explain the     please state the
                                                           Background of Contents of    providing                                                                           Time and term of   term for                              and strictly   specific reasonsplan for the next
                                                           undertakings   undertaking   undertakings Contents of undertakings                                               undertakings       performance Term of undertakings      performed      for the failure step


                                                                          Other         CRSC         The Company undertook to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Time of undertakings: No                         Term: Long-term effective Yes           –               –
                                                                                                     that the Company would not use the proceeds from the global 28 July 2015
                                                                                                     offering, as well as any other funds raised through the Hong
                                                                                                     Kong Stock Exchange, to finance or assist any activities or
                                                                                                     business, directly or indirectly, (i) relating to or with the target
                                                                                                     of any sanction, or relating to, with, or in any countries subject
                                                                                                     to sanctions administered by the U. S., the E. U., Hong Kong,
                                                                                                     Australia or the U. N. authorities, or (ii) relating to CRSC
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                     International, one of the Company’s subsidiaries, considering
                                                                                                     the amount of its annual revenue related to projects in Iran
                                                                                                     during the Track Record Period. In addition, the Company also
                                                                                                     undertook to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that the Company
                                                                                                     would not undertake any sanctionable transactions that would
                                                                                                     expose the relevant persons or us to risk of being sanctioned.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
                                     SECTION VI            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




      ii.    If the Company has made profit forecasts for its assets or projects and the Reporting
             Period is still in the profit forecast period, explanation made by the Company in
             regard to whether the assets or projects have reached the profit forecasts and the
             reasons thereof

                  Reached            Not reached      ✓   Not applicable


      iii.   Performance commitments

                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable


             Changes in performance commitments


                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable


             Other explanation


                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable


II.   APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
      AND OTHER RELATED PARTIES FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN FOR
      BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable


III. GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF REGULATIONS
                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable


IV. EXPLANATION OF THE BOARD ON ISSUANCE OF A “NON-STANDARD
    AUDITING REPORT” BY ACCOUNTING FIRMS
                  Applicable     ✓   Not applicable




                                                                                Annual Report 2025   213
      SECTION VI              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




      V.      THE COMPANY’ S ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION ON THE REASONS
              FOR AND IMPACTS OF CHANGES OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
              AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES OR CORRECTION OF SIGNIFICANT
              ACCOUNTING ERRORS
              I.      The Company’ s analysis and explanation on the reasons for and impacts of changes
                      of accounting policies and accounting estimates

                           Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


              ii.     The Company’ s analysis and explanation on the reasons for and impacts of
                      corrections of significant accounting errors

                           Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


              iii.    Communication with the former accounting firm

                           Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


              iv.     Approval procedures and other explanations

                           Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




214        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                      SECTION VI              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                                                         Unit: ’0,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                     Appointed currently


   Name of the domestic accounting firm                        BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP
   Remuneration for the domestic accounting firm                                                                      523
   Service year limit of the domestic accounting firm                                                              4 years
   Name of certified public accountant of the domestic
     accounting firm                                                                           GUO Jian, WANG Xiaoyan
   Service year limit of certified public accountant of the
     domestic accounting firm                                                                                      4 years


                                                               Name                                          Remuneration


   Internal control audit accounting firm                      BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public                   34
                                                                 Accountants LLP


   Explanation on appointment and removal of accounting firms

    ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


   Upon the deliberation and approval at the shareholders' meeting of shareholders of the Company, it was resolved to
   appoint BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP (Special General Partnership) as the reviewer for
   the 2025 interim review, the auditor for the annual financial final accounts and the auditor for internal control for the
   year 2025, with a term of appointment of one year. The total audit fees amount to RMB6.7 million, of which the internal
   control audit fee is RMB340,000.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         215
      SECTION VI            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




          Explanation on change in the accounting firms during the auditing period

                 Applicable    ✓     Not applicable


          Explanation of the decrease of 20% or more in the audit fee as compared with the previous
          year

                 Applicable    ✓     Not applicable


      VII. EXPOSURE TO DELISTING
          I.      The reasons for warning of delisting

                        Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


          ii.     The countermeasures to be adopted by the Company

                        Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


          iii.    Exposure to termination of listing and reasons therefor

                        Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


      VIII. EVENTS REGARDING BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING
                 Applicable    ✓     Not applicable


      IX. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION
                  The Company was involved in material            ✓   The Company was not involved in material
                  litigation or arbitration in the year               litigation or arbitration in the year




216    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                    SECTION VI               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




X.   PUNISHMENTS AND RECTIFICATIONS INVOLVED BY THE LISTED
     COMPANY, ITS DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
     SHAREHOLDER AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER FOR VIOLATION OF
     LAWS AND REGULATIONS
          Applicable   ✓   Not applicable


XI. EXPLANATION ON CREDIBILITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
    CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER DURING
    THE REPORTING PERIOD
          Applicable   ✓   Not applicable


XII. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     I.    The related party transactions in relation to the ordinary operations

           1.     Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or
                  change in subsequent implementation

                       Applicable    ✓      Not applicable


           2.     Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or
                  change in subsequent implementation

                       Applicable    ✓      Not applicable


           3.     Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                       Applicable    ✓      Not applicable




                                                                                Annual Report 2025   217
      SECTION VI          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




          ii.     Related party transactions arising from acquisition or disposal of assets or equity
                  interests

                 1.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or
                         change in subsequent implementation

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 2.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or
                         change in subsequent implementation

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 3.      Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 4.      Where an agreement on performance is involved, the performance
                         achievements during the Reporting Period shall be disclosed

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


          iii.    Significant related party transactions on the joint external investment

                 1.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or
                         change in subsequent implementation

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 2.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or
                         change in subsequent implementation

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 3.      Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable




218    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                             SECTION VI            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




iv.   Claims and liabilities between related parties

      1.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or
           change in subsequent implementation

                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


      2.   Events disclosed in the temporary announcements but with progress or
           change in subsequent implementation

                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


      3.   Events not disclosed in temporary announcements

                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable




                                                                      Annual Report 2025   219
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




          v.      Financial business between the Company and the related financial company or
                  between the financial company controlled by the Company and the related parties

                   ✓   Applicable                    Not applicable


                 1.      Deposit business

                          ✓        Applicable                       Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                      Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                     Total deposited    Total withdrawal
                                                 Related party             Maximum daily          Interest rate          Opening      amount during      amount during
                         Related Party           relationship             limit of deposits   range of deposit            balance          the period         the period   Closing balance


                         China Railway Signal
                           and Communication     The controlling
                           (Group) Corporation       shareholder of the
                           Limited and its           Company and its
                           subsidiaries              subsidiaries         9,600,000,000.00       0.10%-2.20%      3,001,024,492.94   6,527,490,638.00   8,494,005,922.64   1,034,509,208.30


                         Total                   /                                        /                   /   3,001,024,492.94   6,527,490,638.00   8,494,005,922.64   1,034,509,208.30


                 2.      Loan business

                          ✓        Applicable                       Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                      Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                                        Total repayment
                                                 Related party                                      Loan inte            Opening Total loan amount       amount during
                         Related Party           relationship                   Loan limit     rest rate range            balance during the period           the period   Closing balance
                         China Railway Signal
                         and Communication       The controlling
                         (Group) Corporation     shareholder of the
                         Limited and its         Company and its
                         subsidiaries            subsidiaries              200,000,000.00        2.11%-3.50%                     –                  –                  –                  –


                         Total                   /                                        /                   /                  –                  –                  –                  –




220    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                   SECTION VI                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




      3.    Credit or other financial business

               ✓     Applicable               Not applicable


                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                      Total      Actual amount
              Related Party                     Related party relationship    Type of business                        amount     incurred
              China Railway Signal and          The controlling shareholder   Other financial services (including     –          –
                Communication (Group)             of the Company and its      but not limited to the provision
                Corporation Limited and its       subsidiaries                of advisory, agency, settlement,
                subsidiaries                                                  transfer, settlement and sale of
                                                                              foreign exchange, investment,
                                                                              letter of credit, online banking,
                                                                              entrusted loan, underwriting, bill
                                                                              acceptance, etc.)


      4.    Other explanations

                     Applicable       ✓       Not applicable


vi.   Other

       ✓   Applicable             Not applicable




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         221
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions

                  The following continuing connected transactions of the Group have been entered into on normal commercial
                  terms. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, such continuing
                  connected transactions are subject to the requirements of reporting, annual review, announcement and (as the
                  case may be) independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing of Securities on the Hong
                  Kong Stock Exchange.


                 Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement between the Company and CRSC Group


                  The Company entered into 2023－2025 CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement with CRSC
                  Group on 23 May 2023 (after trading hours). The 2023－2025 CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework
                  Agreement shall be effective from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 for a term of three years.


                  Principal terms:


                  (1)    Pricing policy (see below);


                  (2)    Except for public tender, both parties must confirm the demand schedule for the next year or the
                         demand adjustment schedule of the current year on a stipulated date of each year;


                  (3)    The Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates must enter into specific agreements to stipulate
                         specific terms and conditions, including specific products, quality standards and payment methods, in
                         respect of the relevant products under the 2023–2025 CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework
                         Agreement; and


                  (4)    The 2023–2025 CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework Agreement shall be effective from 1
                         January 2023 to 31 December 2025 and may be renewed with mutual consent after negotiation.


                  Pricing policy:


                  The pricing of each of the products under the 2023–2025 CRSC Group Purchases and Sales Framework
                  Agreement will be determined on the basis of market prices, together with purchasing costs of materials, labour
                  costs, manufacturing costs, management costs, financial costs, transportation and packaging costs incurred by
                  sales, tax burdens and profitability standards. The pricing of products provided by the Group to CRSC Group
                  and/or its associates will be determined by reference to and subject to the contractual terms agreed between
                  CRSC Group and/or its associates and the contractual party of the overseas project. CRSC Group will purchase
                  products from the Group at the price agreed between itself and the contractual party of the overseas project
                  and supply the same to the contractual party of the overseas project without making any profit. The pricing
                  of the products purchased by the Group from CRSC Group and/or its associates will be determined based
                  on a cost-plus method by adding reasonable profit, with reference to average level in the industry, relevant
                  reasonable costs including purchasing costs of materials, labour costs, manufacturing costs, management
                  costs, transportation and packaging costs incurred. The net profit margin ranges from approximately 10% to
                  15%. To ensure that the pricing of the products provided by CRSC Group will be no less favourable than those
                  offered to our Group by independent third parties, the Group will collect and review quotes offered by at least
                  two other independent third parties for products of the same type or similar quality for comparison.




222    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                              SECTION VI                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




CRSC Group and the Group have a long-term stable business relationship, familiar with each other’s business
needs and capable to supply each other with the products needed for production. The Directors believe that
maintaining a stable and high-quality business relationship with CRSC Group is beneficial for the current and
future production and operation of the Group. Based on the past business experience between the Group and
CRSC Group and/or its associates, the Directors believe that the Group and CRSC Group can effectively meet
each other’s stable and high-quality needs for related business, and maintaining business between two parties is
in line with the interests of the Group and shareholders as a whole.


                                                                                                             Unit: ’0,000 Yuan           Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                  Maximum
                                        Category of                                                                               Amount of       amount of
Connected Transaction   Connected       Connected       Contents of                          Pricing principle for                connected      Connected
Party                   Relationship    Transaction     Connected Transaction                connected transactions               transaction    transaction


CRSC Group              Controlling     Selling goods   Selling, among others, raw           Determined on the basis of                 11.90        200.00
                          shareholder                     materials, excipients,               market price and by reference
                                                          accessories, components and          to the price agreed between
                                                          parts, packaging materials,          the contractual parties of the
                                                          semi-finished products, finished Overseas Project
                                                          products, commodities and
                                                          related products
CRSC Group              Controlling     Purchasing      Purchasing, among others,            Determined on the basis of market        5,702.12      7,000.00
                          shareholder    goods            raw materials, excipients,           price, together with costs and
                                                          accessories, components and          various factors
                                                          parts, packaging materials,
                                                          semi-finished products, finished
                                                          products, commodities and
                                                          related products


Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transaction was the performance of the 2023–2025 CRSC
Group purchases and sales framework agreement entered into between the Company and CRSC Group during
the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for three years. The transaction and the total transaction amount
involved were within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been
considered and approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level
under the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Listing Rules and was exempted from the approval by independent
shareholders.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025             223
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement between the Company and CRSC Group

                  The Company entered into the 2023–2025 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement with CRSC Group
                  on 23 May 2023 (after trading hours). The 2023–2025 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement shall be
                  effective from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 for a term of three years.


                  Principal terms:


                  (1)    Pricing policy (see below);


                  (2)    Except for public tender, both parties must confirm the service demand schedule for the next year or the
                         service demand adjustment schedule of the current year on a stipulated date of each year;


                  (3)    The Group and CRSC Group and/or its associates must enter into specific agreements to stipulate
                         specific terms and conditions, including, among others, specific scope of engineering construction and
                         ancillary services, service methods and payment methods, in respect of the engineering construction
                         and ancillary services under the 2023–2025 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement; and


                  (4)    The 2023–2025 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement shall be effective from 1 January 2023
                         to 31 December 2025 and may be renewed with mutual consent after negotiation.


                  Pricing policy:


                  Pursuant to the 2023–2025 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement, the service fees for providing
                  engineering construction and ancillary services by the Group to CRSC Group and/or its associates will
                  be determined after arm’s length negotiations with CRSC Group and/or its associates with reference to
                  following major factors: (1) availability and cost of raw materials and equipment and machinery, labor, and
                  subcontractors; (2) local guidance prices for the various raw materials and other construction costs provided
                  by the Housing and Urban-Rural Development Bureaus; (3) project progress plans, complexity and scale of
                  the construction project, and the potential adjustment of the scope of work; (4) the geographical location and
                  environmental conditions of the project; and (5) for competitive bidding, assessment and analysis of the relevant
                  functional departments of the Group based on relevant information of the competitors and specific project
                  demand and the impact of the project on the Company’s macro strategy.


                  In order to ensure that the service fees charged by the Group for the provision of engineering contracting
                  services are fair and reasonable and in line with the prevailing market prices, the Group will keep abreast of
                  the current market rates and market conditions, and review the pricing through an independent third-party
                  consulting agency. In addition, the Group will also refer to the fees previously charged for providing similar
                  engineering contracting services to independent third-party customers.




224    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION VI                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




Considering that: (1) the contracts related to engineering construction and ancillary services that the Group has
already entered into with CRSC Group and/or its associates will continue to be executed, and will bring revenue
and profits to the Group; (2) based on the project reserves of CRSC Group and/or its associates, it is expected
that CRSC Group and its associates will have new demands for engineering construction and ancillary services
in the future, which will continue to bring revenue and profits to the Group; (3) the pricing of the engineering
construction and ancillary services provided by the Group to CRSC Group and/or its associates is fair and
on general commercial terms; and (4) CRSC Group has a long-term and stable business relationship with the
Group, and CRSC Group has strong credit capabilities and will prioritize the payment of service fees to the
Group in the future.


                                                                                                           Unit: ’0,000 Yuan                Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                    Maximum
                                    Category of                                                                                    Amount of amount of
Connected           Connected       Connected     Contents of                   Pricing principle for                           connected       Connected
Transaction Party   Relationship    Transaction   Connected Transaction         connected transactions                          transaction     transaction


CRSC Group          Controlling     Providing     Providing, among others,      Third-party construction cost consulting             9,043.48       20,000.00
                      shareholder    Services      project construction           agency reviews the charged fee in light of
                                                   and ancillary services,        the market conditions and refer to the fees
                                                   including but not limited to for providing services to third-party
                                                   project design and general
                                                   contracting of construction


Description of connected transaction: The aforesaid transactions was the performance of the 2023–2025
Construction Contracting Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and CRSC Group during
the Reporting Period. The agreement is valid for three years. The transaction and the total transaction amount
involved were within the decision-making authority of the Board of Directors of the Company and have been
considered and approved by the same. In the meantime, the transaction satisfied the partial waiver level under
the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and was exempted from the approval by independent
shareholders.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025              225
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                 Financial Services Framework Agreement between Finance Company and CRSC Group

                  CRSC Group Finance Limited (“Finance Company”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Financial
                  Services Framework Agreement with CRSC Group on 23 May 2023 (after trading hours). The Agreement is valid
                  from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025.


                  Principal terms:


                  (1)    Finance Company shall provide deposit services to CRSC Group in the form of demand deposits, time
                         deposits, call deposits, agreement deposits, etc. If Finance Company fails to repay the deposits to
                         CRSC Group in full and on time, CRSC Group has the right to terminate the Agreement and offset the
                         deposits payable by Finance Company to CRSC Group against the loans provided by CRSC Group to
                         Finance Company in accordance with the laws and regulations of China;


                  (2)    Finance Company shall provide credit services to CRSC Group, including loans, bill discounting,
                         buyer’s credit, accounts receivable factoring, various types of non-financing guarantees, acceptance of
                         bills, etc. If CRSC Group fails to repay Finance Company in full and on time the debts arising from the
                         abovementioned credit services business, Finance Company has the right to terminate the Agreement
                         and offset the debts due to Finance Company by CRSC Group against CRSC Group’s deposits with
                         Finance Company in accordance with the laws and regulations of China; and


                  (3)    Finance Company shall provide other financial services to CRSC Group (including but not limited to
                         the provision of advisory, agency, settlement, transfer, settlement and sale of foreign exchange, letter
                         of credit, online banking, entrusted loan, bond underwriting, etc.) and charges CRSC Group for the
                         services. Subject to compliance with the Agreement, the parties shall enter into specific agreements for
                         the provision of the relevant specific financial services to agree on the specific terms of the transaction.


                  Pricing policy:


                  (1)    For deposit services, the interest rate for deposits offered by Finance Company to CRSC Group shall
                         be determined with reference to the benchmark interest rate for the same period promulgated by the
                         People’s Bank of China for the same type of deposits, and shall not be higher than the interest rate for
                         the same period determined by banking financial institutions in the PRC for the same type of deposits
                         taken from CRSC Group or equivalent third parties;


                  (2)    For credit services, the interest rate or fee rate for the credit services provided by Finance Company to
                         CRSC Group shall be determined with reference to the benchmark interest rate or fee rate for the same
                         period promulgated by the People’s Bank of China for the same type of business, and shall be no less
                         than the interest rate or fee rate for the same period determined by banking financial institutions in the
                         PRC for the same type of credit business to CRSC Group or equivalent third parties; and


                  (3)    For other financial services, the service fees charged by Finance Company to CRSC Group shall be in
                         compliance with the relevant standards for the relevant types of services issued by the People’s Bank
                         of China or the National Administration of Financial Regulation, if any, and shall be determined with
                         reference to the fees charged by major commercial banks in the PRC for similar financial services.




226    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                   SECTION VI                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




(4)   The entering into of the New Financial Services Framework Agreement between the Finance Company
      and CRSC Group will be beneficial for strengthening the Group’s fund management, expanding
      financing channels, reducing financing costs, improving the efficiency of fund utilization, expanding
      business scale, and enhancing profitability.


                                                                                                            Unit: ’0,000 Yuan             Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                  Maximum
      Connected                     Category of                                                                                     Amount of     amount of
      Transaction   Connected       Connected     Contents of                 Pricing principle for                                 connected    Connected
      Party         Relationship    Transaction   Connected Transaction       connected transactions                               transaction   transaction


      CRSC Group Controlling        Providing     Providing credit services   Determining based on the benchmark interest             9,043.48       20,000
                    shareholder       Services                                  rate or rate set by the People’s Bank of China
                                                                                for the same type of business during the same
                                                                                period


      Confirmation by Independent Non-executive Directors

      The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the aforesaid continuing
      connected transactions and have confirmed that the 2023–2025 Purchases and Sales Framework
      Agreement, and the 2023–2025 and 2026–2028 Construction Contracting Framework Agreement have
      been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of the Group’s business; on normal commercial
      or better terms; on conditions no less favourable to the Company than those available to or from (as
      the case may be) independent third parties, if it was not practical to make such judgement based on
      comparable transactions as to whether such transactions have been carried out on normal commercial
      terms; and in accordance with relevant agreements whose terms are fair and reasonable and in the
      interest of the shareholders of the Company as a whole. In respect of the Financial Services Framework
      Agreement, although it is not in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company, the terms
      of the Financial Services Framework Agreement are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
      Company and the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025            227
      SECTION VI          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                         Auditor’s Letter

                         In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company
                         has engaged its auditor, BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP (“BDO”), to report
                         on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on
                         Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Business Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
                         Information” and Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the
                         Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Based
                         on its work, BDO has provided the Board with a letter confirming that, with respect to the aforesaid
                         continuing connected transactions:


                         (a)    nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the aforesaid continuing
                                connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


                         (b)    in relation to the transactions involving products and services supplied by the Group, nothing
                                has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions have not followed the
                                Group’s pricing policy in any material aspect;


                         (c)    nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions have not been
                                carried out in any material aspect in accordance with the relevant agreements;


                         (d)    in relation to the aggregate amounts for each of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions,
                                nothing has come to BDO’s attention that causes it to believe that the actual transaction amount
                                of any of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions has exceeded the cap determined by
                                the Company for the year.


      XIII. MAJOR CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE
          I.      Trusteeship, Contracting and Leasing Matters

                 1.      Trusteeship

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable



                 2.      Contracting

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


                 3.      Leasing

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable




228    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                SECTION VI              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




ii.   Guarantees

       ✓     Applicable         Not applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


           External guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees provided for its subsidiaries)


      Total balance of guarantee provided during the Reporting Period
        (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                                              –


      Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the Reporting Period (A)
        (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                                              –


                      Guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to its subsidiaries


      Total guarantee to its subsidiaries incurred during the Reporting Period                     310,170,459.57


      Total balance of guarantee to subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting
        Period (B)                                                                                 933,585,097.90


                     Aggregate guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)


      Aggregate guarantee (A+B)                                                                    933,585,097.90


      Percentage of aggregate guarantee to net assets of the Company (%)                                     1.87


      Including:


      Amount of guarantee provided for shareholders, actual controller and
        their related parties (C)                                                                               –


      Amount of debts guarantee directly or indirectly provided to guaranteed
        parties with gearing ratio over 70% (D)                                                    636,421,597.02


      Excess amount of aggregate guarantee over 50% of net assets (E)                                           –


      Aggregate amount of the above three categories (C+D+E)                                       636,421,597.02


      Statement on the contingent joint and several liability in connection with
        unexpired guarantee




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        229
      SECTION VI          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                  Statement on guarantee                                                 Percentage of the total guarantee
                                                                                         amount to net assets of the Company
                                                                                         = total guarantee amount/equity
                                                                                         attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                         company. As of 31 December 2025,
                                                                                         the balance of guarantee amounted
                                                                                         to RMB934 million, accounting
                                                                                         for 1.87% of the Company’s net
                                                                                         assets, of which, the balance
                                                                                         of guarantees for wholly-owned
                                                                                         subsidiaries was RMB934 million;
                                                                                         the balance of guarantees for
                                                                                         controlling subsidiaries was RMB0.
                                                                                         The Company did not provide any
                                                                                         guarantee for any of its controlling
                                                                                         shareholders, actual controllers or
                                                                                         related parties. As at the end of the
                                                                                         Reporting Period, the balance of
                                                                                         guarantee provided by the Company
                                                                                         for its subsidiaries with an asset-
                                                                                         liability ratio of more than 70%
                                                                                         amounted to RMB636 million.


          iii.    Entrusted Cash Asset Management

                 1.      Entrusted wealth management

                         (1)    Overview picture about entrusted wealth management

                                 ✓    Applicable         Not applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Outstanding            Overdue
                                Category                          Risk characteristics   balance                amount


                                Cash management products          Idle proceeds          270,000                -
                                  of bank


                                Other information


                                      Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




230    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION VI                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




            (2)    Individual entrusted wealth management

                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


                   Other information


                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


            (3)    Provision for impairment of entrusted wealth management

                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


      2.    Entrusted loans

            (1)    Overall picture about entrusted loans

                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


                   Other information


                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


            (2)    Individual entrusted loan

                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


                   Other information


                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


            (3)    Provision for impairment of entrusted loans

                        Applicable      ✓       Not applicable


      3.    Other information

                  Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


iv.   Other Material Contracts

           Applicable   ✓      Not applicable




                                                                             Annual Report 2025   231
232
                                                           XIV. EXPLANATION ON PROGRESS IN USE OF PROCEEDS
                                                                            ✓   Applicable                    Not applicable


                                                                         i.         Overall Use of Proceeds                                                                                                                                                                                                                 SECTION VI

                                                                                     ✓      Applicable                    Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Total cumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investment                                    Process of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            amounts of             Process of           accumulated
                                                                                                                                                Total promised                         Accumulated           excessive           accumulated           investment of                      Proportion of
                                                                                                                                            investment amounts    Total amounts investment amount          proceeds as investment of proceeds excessive proceeds                         the investment     Total amount
                                                                                                                                                out of proceeds out of excessive    as of the end of   of the end of the   as of the end of the   as of the end of the     Investment amount for the         of proceeds
                                                                                Fund                                                          in the prospectus   proceeds (3) =         the Report          Reporting       Reporting Period       Reporting Period amount for the        year (%) (9)=    for changing
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           Source of Proceeds   availability date     Total proceeds     Net proceeds (1)                   (2)         (1) – (2)         Period (4)         Period (5)             (6)＝(4)/(1)            (7)＝(5)/(3)        year (8)            (8)/(1)      purposes


                                                           The initial public
                                                           offering             16 July 2019        10,530,000,000.00   10,354,342,373.23     10,354,342,373.23                0    6,019,876,627.11                  0                  58.14                      – 174,019,289.46                1.68    2,474,650,000
                                                           Total                /                   10,530,000,000.00   10,354,342,373.23     10,354,342,373.23                0    6,019,876,627.11                  0                       /                      / 174,019,289.46                   /   2,474,650,000


                                                                                    Other information
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                                            Applicable             ✓      Not applicable
                                       ii.            Details of the investment project

                                                        ✓            Applicable                            Not applicable


                                                     1.               Details of the use of proceeds

                                                                        ✓            Applicable                      Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: ’0,000 Yuan                       Currency: RMB


                                                                                       Is it a                                                                                     Accumulated Date of which
                                                                                       promised                                                                Accumulated      investment as of projects reached                                                                                                   Whether feasibility
                                                                                       investment     Whether the   Total planned                         investment amount       the end of the expected                    Whether process of      Specific reasons for     Efficiency   Efficiency achieved of projects changes
                                                                                       project in the change is         proceeds     Amount invested as of the end of the      Report Period (%) available          Closed   investment is in line   process of investment achieved in or R&D results of significantly, if yes, Amount of
                     Source of Proceeds            Project name       Project nature prospectus       involved      investment (1)        in the year      Report Period (2)         (3)＝(2)/(1) status             or not   with plan progress      not achieved             the year     this project             please specify              savings


                     The initial public offering   Advanced           R&D              Yes            No               460,000.00               0.00             269,330.89               58.55 December 2026 No             Yes                     –                        –            Please refer to the No                               –
                                                   and intelligent                                                                                                                                                                                                                         notes after this table
                                                   technology                                                                                                                                                                                                                              for details
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SECTION VI
                                                   research and
                                                   development
                                                   projects
                     The initial public offering
                                                   Advanced           Production and Yes              Yes, this          2,535.00                     –            2,535.00                100 –                    Yes      Yes                     –                        –            –                        Following consideration –
                                                   and Intelligent    Construction                    project                                                                                                                                                                                                       and approval by
                                                   Manufacturing                                      has been                                                                                                                                                                                                      the shareholders'
                                                   Base Project                                       cancelled.                                                                                                                                                                                                    meeting, the Company
                                                   (Changsha                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        has terminated the
                                                   Industrial Park                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  continued investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    of raised funds into this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    project.
                     The initial public offering   Information        Operational      Yes            No                30,000.00         11,337.80               24,464.24               81.55 June 2026           No       Yes                     –                        –            –                        –                           –
                                                   construction       management
                                                   project




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)



233
234
                                                                                                                           Is it a                                                                                      Accumulated Date of which
                                                                                                                           promised                                                                 Accumulated      investment as of projects reached                                                                                            Whether feasibility
                                                                                                                           investment     Whether the      Total planned                       investment amount       the end of the expected                    Whether process of      Specific reasons for   Efficiency   Efficiency achieved of projects changes
                                                                                                                           project in the change is            proceeds     Amount invested as of the end of the    Report Period (%) available          Closed   investment is in line   process of investment achieved in or R&D results of significantly, if yes, Amount of
                                                           Source of Proceeds            Project name      Project nature prospectus      involved         investment (1)        in the year    Report Period (2)         (3)＝(2)/(1) status             or not   with plan progress      not achieved           the year     this project        please specify        savings

                                                           The initial public offering   Replenishment of Replenishing Yes                No                  295,434.24                   –          299,593,40                100 –                    Yes      Yes                     –                      –            –                   –                     –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SECTION VI
                                                                                         Liquid Capital   working capital
                                                                                                          and repaying
                                                                                                          loans

                                                           The initial public offering   Digital and         Production and No            Yes, this is a       17,000.00            2,950.03            2,950.03               17.35 March 2028          No       Yes                     –                      –            –                   –                     –
                                                                                         Intelligent         Construction                 new project
                                                                                         Transformation
                                                                                         Project for the
                                                                                         Autonomous R&D
                                                                                         and Manufacturing
                                                                                         Base for Basic Rail
                                                                                         Transit Control
                                                                                         System Equipment
                                                                                         of Shenyang
                                                                                         Signal Company,
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                         Xi’an Industrial
                                                                                         Group

                                                           The initial public offering   Intelligent and Production and No                Yes, this is a       21,800.00            3,114.10            3,114.10               14.28 May 2027            No       Yes                     –                      –            –                   –                     –
                                                                                         Green Technology Construction                    new project
                                                                                         Upgrade and
                                                                                         Transformation
                                                                                         Project for the
                                                                                         Production Line of
                                                                                         Series Cables for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                                         Rail Transit Use

                                                           The initial public offering   Intelligent         Production and No            Yes, this is a       22,752.00                0.00                0.00                   – –                   No       Yes                     –                      –            –                   –                     –
                                                                                         Transformation Construction                      new project
                                                                                         and Upgrade
                                                                                         Project for
                                                                                         Traditional
                                                                                         Production Lines
                                                                                         of Xi’an Industrial
                                                                                         Group

                                                           The initial public offering   Rail Transit       Production and No             Yes, this is a        8,596.76                   –                    –                  0 April 2027          No       Yes                     –                      –            –                   –                     –
                                                                                         Signalling System Construction                   new project
                                                                                         Pilot Base Project


                                                           Total                         /                 /               /              /                   858,118.00          17,401.93           601,987.66                   / /                   /        /                       /                                   /                   /
                   SECTION VI                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




Note 1: The benefits or research and development outcomes achieved from Advanced and Intelligent
        Technology R&D Projects are as follows: The regional collaborative transport service system has been
        demonstrated in Chongqing. The autonomous CTCS-3 level train control system was successfully
        implemented on the Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway. The ETCS train control system ground
        equipment based on Baseline 3 has been launched on the Serbia section of the Hungarian-Serbia
        Railway. The integrated railway dispatching information system was applied on the Shenhua Railway’s
        Baotou-Shenmu Line and Shenmu-Shuozhou Line. The Beidou satellite positioning-based mobile block
        system was demonstrated on the entire system on Jingbian-Shenmu Railway, and it is being promoted
        throughout the line. The Beidou satellite positioning-based new train control system and integrated train
        control and interlocking equipment has completed field trials on the Ruoqiang-Hetian Line and were
        launched. The CBTC system based on fully electronic interlocking was launched on the Changchun
        Line 3 extension and Changsha Line 6. The smart light rail traffic control system was launched on the
        Fenghuang Maglev. The autonomous train operation control system was launched on the Shenzhen
        Metro Line 20 and conducted trial operations on Shanghai Metro Lines 3/4. The intelligent passenger
        analysis system has been applied on-site in the Fenghuang Maglev and Taizhou City Rail S1 Line. The
        low-vacuum tube ultra-high-speed maglev operation control system achieved the world’s first dynamic
        levitation test under low vacuum conditions. The heavy-duty freight train self-organizing network high-
        density automatic operation control system completed theoretical innovations in train coordination
        and efficient station dispatching, along with the research and development of system equipment,
        installation, and commissioning. Successful field trials were conducted, including static testing of the
        system on the trial segment, the first-phase comprehensive system test on the three stations and two
        sections of Baotou-Shenmu Line, and the second-phase ATO and tail-end function verification. The
        large station CTC 3.0 system, based on train control operation integration, will be deployed and applied
        in the Jinan Railway Bureau and Taiyuan Railway Bureau. The 400 MHz digital railway communication
        system for dedicated communications completed on-site demonstration trials. The locomotive onboard
        relay system has been trialed on the track. The railway comprehensive video surveillance system,
        meeting the new standards, has been applied to the core node upgrades of the China Railway,
        including the Tianjin-Qinhuangdao video, Shantou-Shanwei video, Guangzhou-Shantou video, and
        Guiyang- Guangzhou renovations. The satellite positioning-based mobile block train control system
        secured a commercial contract for the Guinea-Masi Railway. Products such as the ZPW-2000 track
        circuit outdoor monitoring system (split type), switch conversion intelligent diagnostic system, switch
        rail breakage monitoring system, ZD6 dustproof sealed electric switch machine, and GW-SH type
        external locking device completed trial tests and were promoted for application.

Note 2: The Advanced and Intelligent Technology R&D Project has invested RMB2,693.31 million as of the end
        of the Reporting Period. Among them, RMB2,047.88 million was invested in the research of advanced
        rail transit control system and key technologies, RMB174.87 million was invested in the research of
        intelligent integrated operation and maintenance system and technology for rail transit, RMB358.41
        million was invested in the research of intelligent city and industry communication information system,
        RMB13.72 million was invested in the research of chip technology applicable to rail transit, and
        RMB98.42 million (The tail number is generated by rounding) was invested in the research of intelligent
        construction technology for rail transit.

Note 3: As of 31 December 2025, in the comparison table of the use of proceeds, the actual amount invested in
        the replenishment of liquid capital was RMB2,995.93 million, which included the total initial committed
        investment of RMB2,954.34 million and the demand interest generated in the corresponding special
        bank account of RMB41.59 million.

Note 4: The discontinuation of the “Advanced and Intelligent Manufacturing Base Project” and the continued use
        of the raised funds were approved by the 30th meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors
        and the 2025 first extraordinary shareholders' meeting of the Company. A portion of the remaining
        raised funds from the “Advanced and Intelligent Manufacturing Base Project” was repurposed for the
        implementation of new investment projects (the new projects were separately approved by the 30th
        meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors and the 2025 first extraordinary shareholders'
        meeting of the Company, as well as the 33rd meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors and
        the 2026 first extraordinary shareholders' meeting of the Company). The remaining raised funds will
        continue to be managed in the original special accounts for raised funds and will be invested in new
        projects as opportunities arise. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on the Postponement
        and Change of Certain Fundraising Projects” disclosed by the Company on 27 August 2025, and the
        “Announcement on the Proposed Addition of An A-share Fundraising Project” disclosed on 23 January
        2026.


                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          235
      SECTION VI          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




                 2.      Details of the use of excessive proceeds

                               Applicable   ✓    Not applicable



                 3.      Specific circumstances regarding the re-evaluation of fundraising investment
                         projects during the Reporting Period

                          ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


                         Upon consideration and approval at the 31st meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors
                         of the Company, the Advanced and Intelligent Technology R&D Project and Information construction
                         project were reviewed. It was concluded that these projects align with the Company’s strategic planning
                         and possess both the necessity and feasibility for investment. The Company shall proceed with their
                         implementation.




236    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                                               SECTION VI                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




              iii.             Changes in or termination of fund-raising investments during the Reporting Period

                               ✓         Applicable                           Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: ’0,000 Yuan                         Currency: RMB


                                                                              Total investment     Total amount of                                                                                                 Amount of raised
                                   Date of change                             amount of raised         raised funds                                                                                                funds used for
                                   (date of initial                           funds for project    already invested                                                                                                working capital     Explanation of decision-
                                   announcement                               prior to change/    in project prior to                                                                                              after change/       making procedures and
Project name prior to change       disclosure)        Type of change               termination change/termination Project name after change                         Reason for change/termination                  termination         information disclosure


Advanced and Intelligent           28 August 2025     This project has been            250,000                 2,535 Digital and Intelligent Transformation         Owing to rapid market development and          0                   2025 first extraordinary
Manufacturing Base Project                            cancelled                                                          Project for the Autonomous R&D and           changes in the external environment, the                           shareholders'
                                                                                                                         Manufacturing Base for Basic Rail            conditions for project implementation                              meeting dated 21
                                                                                                                         Transit Control System Equipment             have shifted from previous expectations.                           November 2025; 2026
                                                                                                                         of Shenyang Signal Company, Xi’an            The development and market prospects                               first extraordinary
                                                                                                                         Industrial Group, Intelligent and Green      of the tram industry have fallen short                             shareholders' meeting
                                                                                                                         Technology Upgrade and Transformation of projections. Following assessment,                                     dated 12 February 2026
                                                                                                                         Project for the Production Line of           it is deemed that if the project be
                                                                                                                         Series Cables for Rail Transit Use,          completed, the risks of failing to achieve
                                                                                                                         Intelligent Transformation and Upgrade       performance targets and of yields falling
                                                                                                                         Project for Traditional Production Lines     below originally anticipated benefits
                                                                                                                         of Xi’an Industrial Group, and Rail          are elevated. Consequently, project
                                                                                                                         Transit Signalling System Pilot Base         investment and implementation progress
                                                                                                                         Project, the remaining raised funds          have been delayed. To better safeguard
                                                                                                                         shall continue to be deposited in the        the interests of the Company and its
                                                                                                                         designated fundraising account, with         investors while enhancing the efficiency
                                                                                                                         proper management of the raised funds        of raised funds utilisation, and following
                                                                                                                         carried out in accordance with relevant      prudent deliberation in light of the
                                                                                                                         regulations.                                 Company’s latest development strategy
                                                                                                                                                                      and business layout, it is proposed
                                                                                                                                                                      to cease the continued use of raised
                                                                                                                                                                      funds for this project. The remaining
                                                                                                                                                                      portion of raised funds allocated to the
                                                                                                                                                                      Advanced and Intelligent Manufacturing
                                                                                                                                                                      Base Project shall be redirected towards
                                                                                                                                                                      implementing newly proposed investment
                                                                                                                                                                      projects. The balance of raised funds
                                                                                                                                                                      shall remain deposited in the original
                                                                                                                                                                      raised funds management account
                                                                                                                                                                      for continued administration, with
                                                                                                                                                                      subsequent investment in new projects
                                                                                                                                                                      to be undertaken at appropriate times.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025                         237
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




          iv.     Other use of the raised funds during the Reporting Period

                 1.      Early investment and replacement regarding the investment projects with the
                         raised funds

                                 Applicable            ✓       Not applicable


                 2.      Temporary replenishment of liquid capital with the idle raised funds

                                 Applicable            ✓       Not applicable


                 3.      Use of idle raised funds for cash management and investment in relevant
                         products

                          ✓      Applicable                    Not applicable


                                                                                                                  Unit: ’0,000 Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                           Effective deliberation                                                         Does the maximum
                                                               amount of raised                                     Cash management       balance for the
                         Date of deliberation by the        funds used for cash                                   balance at the end of   period exceed the
                         Board of Directors                        management         Start date      End date    the Reporting Period    authorised amount


                         30 July 2025                                    270,000    30 July 2025   29 July 2026                270,000    No


                         Other explanations


                         The Company held the 29th meeting of the fourth session of the Board of Directors and the 20th meeting
                         of the fourth session of the Supervisory Committee, and considered and passed the Proposal on the Use
                         of Temporarily Idle Raised Funds to Conduct Cash Management, agreeing that the Company shall use
                         the idle raised funds of up to RMB2.7 billion (inclusive) in cash management products under the condition
                         that such utilisation does not impact the progress of the capital investment plan, disrupt normal business
                         operations, or compromise fund security. The funds will be invested in highly secure, liquid, and principal-
                         protected financial instruments, including but not limited to principal guaranteed structured deposits, time
                         deposits, large denomination certificates of deposit, and call deposits, with a usage period not exceeding
                         12 months. The details are subject to the resolution of the Board of Directors.


                 4.      Other

                          ✓      Applicable                    Not applicable


                         The proceeds raised from H shares amounted to approximately RMB9,104 million. As of 1 January 2025,
                         the remaining proceeds raised from H shares of the Company amounted to RMB568 million. As of 31
                         December 2025, a total of RMB8,536 million of proceeds raised from H shares have been used, of which
                         RMB2,731 million was used in long-term research and development, including the construction of the
                         CRSC Railway Transportation Research Centre and technology research projects; RMB1,821 million was
                         used in the fixed asset investments, including the technical overhaul of CRSC Xi’xin production base,


238    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION VI              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




             the Company’s subsidiary, and Changsha Industrial Park; RMB108 million was used in general equity
             acquisition; RMB1,253 million was used in investment of Tianshui Tramcar project and other PPP projects
             related to railway transportation; and RMB2,623 million was used to supplement working capital (On
             12 June 2020, the Company convened the shareholders' meeting and considered and approved the
             Resolution on Change in the Use of Proceeds Raised from H Shares, according to which the Company
             intends to change the portion of the proceeds of RMB1,713 million allocated for general domestic and
             overseas acquisition to general domestic and overseas purposes (supplementing working capital)).
             The Company confirms that, apart from RMB1,713 million allocated for general domestic and overseas
             acquisition, the proposed usage plan of the aforesaid proceeds is consistent with the use of proceeds
             as disclosed in the prospectus. Aside from the aforementioned fund usage, as of 31 December 2025,
             the remaining RMB568 million of the Company’s H-share raised funds, and was originally planned to be
             used up by 31 December 2025. In view of the tightening of policies on PPP investment projects in recent
             years, the Company planned to convert these remaining funds for general purposes both domestically and
             internationally (i.e., to supplement the Company’s working capital). On 21 November 2025, upon approval
             by the 2025 first extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of the Company, the remaining net proceeds from
             the Share Offer of H Shares of RMB568 million, originally intended for investment in PPP projects related
             to rail transit, has been revised to be used for general purposes both inside and outside the PRC (i.e. to
             supplement the working capital of the Company). Such funds are planned to be fully utilised by August
             2026.


v.    Conclusive opinions of intermediary agency on the special verification and
      authentication of the storage and use of proceeds

       ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


      BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP (Special General Partnership) is of the
      opinion that the Report on the Deposit and Actual Utilization of Proceeds Raised by CRSC has been prepared in
      accordance with the Regulations on the Supervision of Raised Funds of Listed Companies issued by the China
      Securities Regulatory Commission and the Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies on the STAR Market
      of the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 1 – Standard Operation, and fairly presents, in all material respects, the
      deposit and actual utilization of the raised funds of CRSC as at 31 December 2025.


      The Sponsor is of the opinion that: As of 31 December 2025, CRSC has placed raised funds in special accounts
      and used them for designated purposes, and has fulfilled its information disclosure obligations. There has been
      no disguised change in the use of raised funds, no impairment to the interests of shareholders, and no irregular
      use of raised funds. The sponsor has no objection to the special report on the annual deposit and actual use of
      raised funds disclosed by the board of directors of CRSC.


      Relevant explanations on checking for abnormal conditions


            Applicable   ✓    Not applicable


vi.   Subsequent rectification of unauthorised change in the use of proceeds and
      appropriation of proceeds

            Applicable   ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         239
      SECTION VI           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




      XV. TAX AND TAX REDUCTION AND EXEMPTION
          Cash dividend income tax applicable to overseas shareholders

          Withholding and Payment of EIT on behalf of Overseas Non-Resident Enterprise
          Shareholders

          Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民
          共和國企業所得稅法》) and its implementing rules and the requirements under the Notice on the Issues Concerning
          Withholding and Payment of the Enterprise Income Tax on the Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to
          H shareholders Who Are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關 於 中 國 居 民 企 業
          向 境 外H股 非 居 民 企 業 股 東 派 發 股 息 代 扣 代 繳 企 業 所 得 稅 有 關 問 題 的 通 知》(國 稅 函[2008]897號)) issued by the State
          Administration of Taxation, the Company will withhold and pay EIT at the rate of 10% when it distributes the cash
          dividend to overseas non-resident enterprise holders of H Shares (including any H Shares of the Company registered
          in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited, but excluding any H Shares of the Company registered in the name of
          HKSCC Nominees Limited and are held by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee
          shareholder on behalf of investors who invest in the H shares of the Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
          Connect).


          Withholding and Payment of Individual Income Tax on behalf of Overseas Individual
          Shareholders

          Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共
          和國個人所得稅法》) and its implementing rules, the Tax Notice (《稅收通知》), the Notice of the State Administration of
          Taxation on Issues Concerning the Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document
          Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個
          人所得稅徵管問題的通知》(國稅函[2011]348號)) and other relevant laws, regulations and requirements under normative
          documents, the Company will implement the following arrangements in relation to the withholding and payment of
          individual income tax on behalf of the overseas individual H shareholders:


          •       For individual H shareholders who are Hong Kong or Macao residents or whose country (region) of domicile is
                  a country (region) which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of 10%, the Company
                  will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of these individual H shareholders in the
                  distribution of the cash dividend;


          •       For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered into a
                  tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of less than 10%, the Company will temporarily withhold and pay
                  individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of these individual H shareholders in the distribution of the
                  cash dividend. If relevant individual H shareholders would like to apply for a refund of the excess amount of
                  tax withheld and paid, the Company will handle, on their behalf, the applications for tax preferential treatments
                  under relevant tax treaties according to the Tax Notice. Qualified Shareholders please submit in time a letter of
                  entrustment and all application materials as required under the Tax Notice to the Company’s H Share Registrar,
                  Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. The Company will then submit the above documents to
                  the competent tax authorities and, after their examination and if and when the documents are approved, the
                  Company will assist in refunding the excess amount of tax withheld and paid;




240    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 SECTION VI               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




•      For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered into
       a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of more than 10% but less than 20%, the Company will withhold
       and pay individual income tax at the effective tax rate stipulated in the relevant tax treaty on behalf of these
       individual H shareholders in the distribution of the cash dividend; and


•      For individual H shareholders whose country (region) of domicile is a country (region) which has entered into
       a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a tax rate of 20%, or a country (region) which has not entered into any tax
       treaties with the PRC, or under any other circumstances, the Company will withhold and pay individual income
       tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of these individual H shareholders in the distribution of the cash dividend.


Cash dividend income tax applicable to shareholders in Mainland China investing in H
shares of the Company through Southbound Trading Link

Withholding and Payment of Individual Income Tax on behalf of Domestic Individual
Shareholders Investing through Southbound Trading Link

Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81
號)), for domestic individual shareholders who invest in H Shares of the Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong
Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual
income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend. For domestic shareholders who are
securities investment funds investing in H Shares of the Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such H
shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of
20% on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend.


Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016]127
號)), for domestic individual shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong
Stock Connect (such H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual
income tax at the rate of 20% on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend. For domestic shareholders who are
securities investment funds investing in H shares of the Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (such
H shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of
20% on their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       241
      SECTION VI          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)




          No Withholding or Payment of EIT on behalf of Domestic Enterprise Shareholders
          Investing through Southbound Trading Link

          Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
          Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81
          號)), for domestic enterprise shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company through Shanghai-Hong Kong
          Stock Connect (such H Shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities
          Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will not withhold or pay EIT on
          their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend, and the domestic enterprise shareholders shall report and pay the
          relevant taxes payable by themselves. Any dividend received in respect of H shares of the Company which have been
          continuously held by a domestic enterprise shareholder for 12 months shall be exempted from EIT.


          Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
          Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016]127
          號)), for domestic enterprise shareholders who invest in H shares of the Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong
          Stock Connect (such H Shares are registered in the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited and held by China Securities
          Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited as nominee shareholder), the Company will not withhold or pay EIT on
          their behalf in the distribution of the cash dividend, and the domestic enterprise shareholders shall report and pay the
          relevant taxes payable by themselves. Any dividend received in respect of H shares of the Company which have been
          continuously held by a domestic enterprise shareholder for 12 months shall be exempted from EIT.


          Shareholders of the Company’s H shares are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax implications
          of holding and disposing of the Company’s H shares under the laws of China, Hong Kong, and other countries (or
          regions).


      XV. EXPLANATION ON OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS THAT HAVE A
          SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE INVESTORS’ VALUE JUDGMENT AND
          INVESTMENT DECISIONS
                Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




242    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                         SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES AND
                                             PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS


I.   THE MOVEMENTS IN SHARE CAPITAL
     i.    Table of changes in shares

           1.    Table of changes in shares

                 During the Reporting Period, there were no changes in the total number of shares or the share capital
                 structure of the Company.


           2.    Explanation on changes in shares

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


           3.    The impact of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per
                 share, net asset per share for the latest year and the latest period (if any)

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


           4.    Other disclosable contents that the Company deemed necessary or were
                 required by securities regulatory authorities

                      Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


     ii.   Changes in shares subject to trading moratorium

                Applicable   ✓     Not applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       243
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



      II.      SECURITIES ISSUE AND LISTING
               i.      Issue of Securities as at the Reporting Period

                             Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


                       Explanation on securities issue as at the Reporting Period (for bonds with different interest rates during the
                       duration, please specify separately):


                             Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


               ii.     Changes in the total number of shares and shareholders structure of the Company
                       and changes in the Company’ s assets and liabilities structure

                             Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




244         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                          AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



III. SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS
   i.   Total number of shareholders

        Total number of ordinary shareholders as at the end of the Reporting Period (account)                          61,754
        Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the previous month before the
          disclosure date of the annual report (account)                                                               61,589
        Total number of shareholders of preference shares with restored voting rights as at the
          end of the Reporting Period (account)                                                                           N/A
        Total number of shareholders of preference shares with restored voting rights at the end of
          the previous month before the disclosure date of the annual report (account)                                    N/A
        Total number of shareholders holding special voting shares as at the end of the Reporting
          Period (account)                                                                                                N/A
        Total number of shareholders holding special voting shares at the end of the previous
          month before the disclosure date of the annual report (account)                                                 N/A

        Note:    The total number of ordinary shareholders (61,754) as of the end of the Reporting Period is the total number of
                 A-shareholders; in addition, the Company has another 198 H-shareholders.


        Number of depositary receipt holders


                Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          245
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



          ii.     Particulars of Shareholdings of the Top Ten Shareholders and the Top Ten
                  Shareholders of Circulating Shares (or Shareholders Not Subject to Trading
                  Moratorium) as at the End of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                           Unit: Share


                 Particulars of Shareholdings of the Top Ten Shareholders (Excluding Shares Lent
                 Through Refinancing)

                                                      Change of       Number of                   Number of       Shares pledged,
                                                    shareholding   shares held at                shares held      marked, or frozen
                                                      during the   the end of the                 subject to
                  Name of shareholder                 Reporting        Reporting    Percentage       trading   Share                      Shareholder’ s
                  (Full name)                             Period          Period           (%)   moratorium    status         Amounts     nature


                  China Railway Signal and                     –    6,614,216,000        62.46            0    None                   –   State-owned
                    Communication (Group)                                                                                                  legal person
                    Corporation Limited note 1
                  HKSCC NOMINEES                          26,750    1,967,821,700        18.58            0    Unknown                –   Overseas legal
                    LIMITED note 2                                                                                                         person
                  China Merchants Securities Co.,    -70,181,721   100,798,429.00         0.95            0    Unknown                –   Other
                    Ltd. – ChinaAMC SSE STAR
                    50 ETF
                  Hong Kong Securities Clearing      -57,963,304    99,039,080.00         0.94            0    Unknown                –   Other
                    Company Ltd. (HKSCC)
                  Industrial and Commercial Bank     -13,995,465    94,237,111.00         0.89            0    Unknown                –   Other
                    of China Limited – E Fund
                    SSE STAR 50 ETF
                  China National Machinery                     –    63,507,192.00         0.60            0    Unknown                –   State-owned
                    Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      legal person
                  Industrial and Commercial           -1,508,247    43,054,685.00         0.41            0    Unknown                –   Other
                    Bank of China Limited –
                    Huatai-PineBridge CSI 300
                    Exchange-Traded Fund
                  China Railway Investment Co.,                –    34,188,000.00         0.32            0    Unknown                –   State-owned
                    Ltd.                                                                                                                    legal person
                  China Construction Bank               -334,128    30,479,059.00         0.29            0    Unknown                –   Other
                    Corporation – E Fund CSI
                    300 Exchange-Traded Fund
                    (Initiator)
                  Hunan Rail Transit Holding                   –    23,677,500.00         0.22            0    Unknown                –   State-owned
                    Group Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                        legal person




246    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                               SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                 AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten Shareholders not subject to trading
moratorium (Excluding Shares Lent Through Refinancing)

                                                                                                         Unit: Share

                                                          Number of             Type and number of shares
                                                  circulating shares
                                                 held not subject to
Name of shareholder                              trading moratorium      Type                            Amounts

China Railway Signal and Communication                   6,614,216,000   RMB ordinary               6,614,216,000
  (Group) Corporation Limited                                             shares
HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED                                   1,967,821,700   Overseas-listed            1,967,821,700
                                                                          foreign shares
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.-                   100,798,429.00   RMB ordinary              100,798,429.00
  ChinaAMC SSE STAR 50 ETF                                                shares
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Ltd.               99,039,080.00   RMB ordinary               99,039,080.00
  (HKSCC)                                                                 shares
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China                  94,237,111.00   RMB ordinary               94,237,111.00
  Limited-E Fund SSE STAR 50 ETF                                          shares
China National Machinery Industry Co., Ltd.              63,507,192.00   RMB ordinary               63,507,192.00
                                                                          shares
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China                  43,054,685.00   RMB ordinary               43,054,685.00
  Limited – Huatai-PineBridge CSI 300                                     shares
  Exchange-Traded Fund
China Railway Investment Co., Ltd.                       34,188,000.00   RMB ordinary               34,188,000.00
                                                                          shares
China Construction Bank Corporation – E Fund             30,479,059.00   RMB ordinary               30,479,059.00
  CSI 300 Exchange-Traded Fund (Initiator)                                shares
Hunan Rail Transit Holding Group Co., Ltd.*              23,677,500.00   RMB ordinary               23,677,500.00
                                                                          shares
Explanation on the special account for              –
  repurchase of the top ten shareholders
Explanation on the above shareholders who           –
  entrusted, be entrusted with or waived
  voting rights
Explanation on the related party relationship       China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
  or acting-inconcert arrangement among the           Corporation Limited, the largest shareholder, does
  above shareholders                                  not have any related party relationship with the other
                                                      shareholders nor is it a person acting in concert with them.
                                                      The Company is not aware whether the other shareholders
                                                      have related party relationship or acting-in-concert
                                                      arrangement.
Explanation on the shareholders of preference       –
  shares with restored voting right and their
  shareholdings

Note 1: As of 31 December 2025, apart from 6,614,216,000 A shares, China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
        Corporation Limited also holds 34,302,000 H shares of the Company.

Note 2: H shares held by HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED are held on behalf of various clients.

Note 3: Apart from information set out in note 1 and note 2, shares held by shareholders in the table above are all A
        shares of the Company.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         247
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



                  Particulars of shareholders holding more than 5%, the top ten shareholders, and the top ten shareholders of
                  circulating shares held not subject to trading moratorium lent through refinancing


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  The changes in the top ten shareholders and the top ten shareholders of circulating shares held not subject to
                  trading moratorium compared to the previous period due to lending through refinancing/repurchase transactions


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  The shareholdings of the top ten Shareholders subject to trading moratorium and conditions of such trading
                  moratorium


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  Particulars of the top ten domestic depositary receipt holders of the Company as at the end of the Reporting
                  Period


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  Particulars of holders of depositary receipts holding more than 5%, the top ten holders of depositary receipts,
                  and the top ten holders of tradable unrestricted depositary receipts participating in the share lending business
                  through refinancing


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  Changes in the top ten holders of depositary receipts and the top ten holders of tradable unrestricted depositary
                  receipts compared to the previous period due to lending through refinancing/repurchase transactions


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


                  Number of holdings of the top ten holders of depository receipts subject to trading moratorium and conditions of
                  such trading moratorium


                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


          iii.    Particulars of the top ten shareholders with voting tights as at the end of the
                  Reporting Period

                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable


          iv.     Strategic investors or general legal persons who become top ten shareholders due
                  to the placing of new shares/depositary receipts

                        Applicable      ✓   Not applicable




248    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                    AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



v.   Strategic placement of IPO

      ✓   Applicable          Not applicable


     1.    Particulars of shareholdings of the senior management and core employees
           participating in the strategic placement of IPO through the establishment of a
           special asset management plan

            ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Share

                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                        Holdings of
                                                                                                 Shares/Depositary
                                                                                                           Receipts
                                                                                                   including Those
                                                  Number of                        Changes of         Lent Through
                                           Allocated Shares/                        Number in        Refinancing at
                                                  Depositary          Time of    the Reporting       the End of the
           Name of Shareholder/holder               Receipts   Public Offering          Period    Reporting Period

           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC
             Feng Zhong No. 1 collective
             assets management plan
             for employee participation
             in STAR MARKET strategic
             allotment                           18,901,500       22 July 2020         -23,546           1,609,952
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC
             Feng Zhong No. 2 collective
             assets management plan
             for employee participation
             in STAR MARKET strategic
             allotment                           44,713,112       22 July 2020        -237,468           3,477,467
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC
             Feng Zhong No. 3 collective
             assets management plan
             for employee participation
             in STAR MARKET strategic
             allotment                           34,227,038       22 July 2020        -505,504           3,248,721
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC
             Feng Zhong No. 4 collective
             assets management plan
             for employee participation
             in STAR MARKET strategic
             allotment                             1,621,102      22 July 2020         -15,974             193,701
           CICC-Guangfa Bank-CICC
             Feng Zhong No. 5 collective
             assets management plan
             for employee participation
             in STAR MARKET strategic
             allotment                             9,270,248      22 July 2020         -36,832             995,874




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025         249
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



                 2.      Particulars of shareholdings of relevant subsidiaries of sponsors participating
                         in the strategic placement of IPO

                          ✓    Applicable          Not applicable


                                                                                                                     Unit: Share


                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                       Holdings
                                                                                                                      of Shares/
                                                                                                                     Depositary
                                                                                                                        Receipts
                                                                                                                including Those
                                                                    Number of                                      Lent Through
                                                                     Allocated                    Changes of     Refinancing at
                                                   Relationship        Shares/      Time of     Number in the     the End of the
                                                   with the         Depositary       Public        Reporting          Reporting
                         Name of Shareholder       sponsor            Receipts      Offering          Period              Period


                         China CICC Wealth
                           Management
                           Securities Company
                           Limited (Formerly
                           known as China          A wholly-owned
                           Investment Securities    subsidiary of
                           Company Limited)         the sponsor     36,000,000   22 July 2021               –                 –




250    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                          AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



vi.   Interests and short positions of substantial shareholders in shares and underlying
      shares of the Company

      As at 31 December 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (other than the directors
      or chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
      Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
      Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) and which were entered in the register required to
      be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                               Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                                              Percentage of    percentage of
                                                                                                               Shares in the    shares in the
                                                                                                             Relevant Class      total issued
                                               Class of                       Number of                     of Shares of the    shares of the
      Name of Shareholder                      Shares      Capacity           Shares Held                         Company          Company

      China Railway Signal and Communication A shares      Beneficial owner 6,614,216,000 (Long position)           76.72%           62.45%
        (Group) Corporation Limited (2)
      Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy                    H shares   Beneficial owner 114,896,000 (Long position)              5.84%            1.08%
        Industries Co., Ltd. (3)(4)
      Shanghai Zhenhua Port Machinery           H shares   Beneficial owner 114,896,000 (Long position)              5.84%            1.08%
        (Hong Kong) Company Limited (3)(4)
      China Railway Group Investment            H shares   Beneficial owner 123,063,000 (Long position)              6.25%            1.16%
        (Hong Kong) Limited (5)
      China Railway Engineering Corporation (5) H shares   Interests in a     123,063,000 (Long position)            6.25%            1.16%
                                                             controlled
                                                             corporation
      China Railway Group Limited (5)          H shares    Interests in a     123,063,000 (Long position)            6.25%            1.16%
                                                             controlled
                                                             corporation
      China Railway International Group        H shares    Interests in a     123,063,000 (Long position)            6.25%            1.16%
        Co., Limited (5)                                     controlled
                                                             corporation
      Shanghai Ningquan Asset Management H shares          Investment         235,845,000 (Long position)           11.98%            2.22%
        Co., Ltd. (上海寧泉資產管理有限公司)                             manager
      China Post Life Insurance Company  H shares          Beneficial owner   119,120,000 (Long position)            6.05%            1.12%
        Limited

      Notes:

      1.       As at 31 December 2025, the number of issued shares of the Company was 10,589,819,000 shares, of which
               1,968,801,000 shares were H shares and 8,621,018,000 shares were A shares.

      2.       As at 31 December 2025, China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation Limited held
               6,614,216,000 A shares and 34,302,000 H shares of the Company, for a total of 6,648,518,000 shares,
               representing 62.78% of the total share capital.

      3.       Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. had interests in such shares through Shanghai Zhenhua Port
               Machinery (Hong Kong) Company Limited.

      4.       As at 24 July 2025, Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. disposed 8,167,000 H shares. After
               such disposal, Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. held 114,896,000 H shares of the Company,
               representing approximately 5.84% of the Company’s H shares and approximately 1.08% of the total issued
               shares of the Company.

      5.       China Railway Engineering Corporation had interests in such shares through China Railway Group Limited,
               China Railway International Group Co., Limited and China Railway Group Investment (Hong Kong) Limited.



                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           251
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



                  Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than
                  the directors, the supervisors or chief executives of the Company) who had interests and/or short positions in
                  the shares and/or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company
                  under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were entered in the register required
                  to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


      IV. THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ACTUAL CONTROLLER
          i.      Controlling shareholder

                 1.      Legal person

                          ✓     Applicable       Not applicable


                         Name                           China Railway Signal and Communication (Group) Corporation
                                                        Limited


                         Leader or legal                LOU Qiliang
                           representative


                         Date of establishment          7 January 1984




252    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
       AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



Main business    Business scope: General business: rail transit communication signal
                 system development, rail transit operation management system
                 development; artificial intelligence application software development;
                 artificial intelligence infrastructure software development; software
                 development; intelligent control systems integration; information
                 system integration services; application system integration services
                 for the artificial intelligence industry; technical services, technological
                 development, technological consultation, technological exchange,
                 technological transfer, and technological promotion; manufacturing
                 of high-speed railway equipment and accessories; manufacturing
                 of urban rail transit equipment; manufacturing of electrical signal
                 equipment devices; manufacturing of telecommunication equipment;
                 manufacturing of mechanical and electrical equipment; manufacturing of
                 electronic components; manufacturing of power facility and equipment;
                 manufacturing of Internet equipment; manufacturing of railway-dedicated
                 measuring or inspection instruments; manufacturing of electronic (gas)
                 physical equipment and other electronic equipment; manufacturing of
                 electronic special equipment; manufacturing of industrial automatic
                 control system devices; manufacturing of industrial control computers
                 and systems; manufacturing of intelligent unmanned aerial vehicles;
                 manufacturing of radar and supporting equipment; manufacturing of
                 special-purpose robots; engineering management services; engineering
                 and technical research and experimental development; auxiliary activities
                 for railway transportation; sales of telecommunications equipment;
                 information system operation and maintenance services; sales of
                 electrical signal equipment devices; sales of railway transportation
                 infrastructure; sales of rail transit special equipment, key systems, and
                 components; software sales; sales of mobile communications equipment;
                 engineering and technical services (excluding planning management,
                 surveying, design, and supervision); digital technology services; sales
                 of air transport equipment; sales of civil aviation materials; information
                 technology consultation services; data processing services; aviation
                 business services; aviation operations support services; domestic freight
                 forwarding; overseas engineering contracting; import and export of
                 goods; import and export of technology; procurement agency services;
                 import and export agency services; bidding and tender agency services;
                 business training (excluding educational training, vocational skills
                 training, and other training requiring a license); leasing of non-residential
                 real estate.




                                                                      Annual Report 2025         253
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



                                                          Licensed business: manufacturing of railway transportation infrastructure
                                                          equipment; construction project surveying; construction project design;
                                                          construction project contracting; construction project supervision;
                                                          electrical installation services; design of building intelligent systems;
                                                          design and production of civil aircraft parts; civil aircraft maintenance;
                                                          operation of commercial non-transport, private, and large aircraft by
                                                          operators and aircraft custodians; general aviation services; surveying
                                                          and mapping services; inspection and testing services. (projects subject
                                                          to approval according to laws shall be launched to carry out business
                                                          activities with approval of the competent authorities and based on
                                                          the content of the approval, and the specific business activities are
                                                          subject to the approval documents or licenses issued by the competent
                                                          authorities) (business activities of the forbidden and restricted projects as
                                                          required by the national and municipal industry policies are not allowed.)


                         Equity in other domestic         In July 2025, China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                           and overseas listed            Corporation Limited transferred 31,055,900 ordinary shares (representing
                           companies controlled           approximately 0.18% of its total share capital) of Power Construction
                           and invested during the        Corporation of China, Ltd. (Stock Code: 601669) via secondary market
                           Reporting Period               competitive bidding. In December 2025, it transferred 36,686,852
                                                          ordinary shares (representing approximately 0.18% of its total share
                                                          capital) of Tianjin Keyvia Electric Co., Ltd (Stock Code: 300407) via an
                                                          agreement transfer.


                         Other explanations


                 2.      Natural person

                               Applicable     ✓     Not applicable


                 3.      Special explanation for absence of the Company’ s controlling shareholder

                               Applicable     ✓     Not applicable


                 4.      Explanation for changes in controlling shareholder during the Reporting
                         Period

                               Applicable     ✓     Not applicable




254    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                   SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                     AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



      5.   Diagram of the property rights and control relationship between the Company
           and the controlling shareholder

            ✓     Applicable           Not applicable


                     China Railway Signal
                     and Communication
                  (Group) Corporation Limited



                                      Held a total of 62.78%,
                                      comprising 62.46% in A shares
                                      and 0.32% in H shares



                    China Railway Signal &
                Communication Corporation Limited



ii.   Actual controller

      1.   Legal person

                  Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


           Actual controller of the Company – State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
           of the State Council, which is a ministry-level institution directly under the State Council set up in
           accordance with the Institutional Reform Plan of the State Council and the Notice of the State Council
           on Establishment of Institutions passed at the First Session of the 10th National People’s Congress. The
           State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission is authorised by the State Council to
           perform its duties as an investor on behalf of the State. The scope of supervision of the State-owned
           Assets Supervision and Administration Commission extends to the state-owned assets of central
           government owned enterprises (excluding financial enterprises).


      2.   Natural person

                  Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


      3.   Special explanation for absence of the Company’ s actual controller

                  Applicable      ✓    Not applicable


      4.   Explanation for changes in control of the Company during the Reporting
           Period

                  Applicable      ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        255
      SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
      AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



                      5.     Diagram of the property rights and control relationship between the Company
                             and the actual controller

                              ✓     Applicable              Not applicable


                                  State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                  Administration Commission of the
                                        State Council (SASAC)


                                                          90.18%


                                      China Railway Signal and
                                      Communication (Group)
                                        Corporation Limited

                                                              Held a total of 62.78%,
                                                           comprising 62.46% in A shares
                                                              and 0.32% in H shares


                                      China Railway Signal &
                                  Communication Corporation Limited




                      6.     The control of the Company by the actual controller through trust or other asset
                             management methods

                                    Applicable        ✓     Not applicable


              iii.    Other Information about the Controlling Shareholder and the Actual Controller

                           Applicable       ✓     Not applicable


      V.      THE CU MU LATI VE N UMBER O F PL EDGED SHARES OF TH E
              CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER
              OF THE COMPANY AND THE PERSON ACTING IN CONCERT WITH
              THEM ACCOUNTS FOR MORE THAN 80% OF THE SHARES OF THE
              COMPANY HELD BY THEM
                     Applicable   ✓     Not applicable


      VI. OTHER LEGAL PERSON HOLDING MORE THAN 10% OF THE SHARES
                     Applicable   ✓     Not applicable


      VII. EXPLANATION OF RESTRICTIONS ON REDUCTION OF HOLDING OF
           SHARES/DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS
                     Applicable   ✓     Not applicable



256        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION VII CHANGES IN SHARES
                          AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)



VIII. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SHARE REPURCHASE DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD
        Applicable    ✓    Not applicable


   Save as disclosed herein, during the Reporting Period, the Company and its subsidiaries did not purchase, sell or
   redeem any of the Company’s listed securities (including sales of treasury shares (as defined in the Rules Governing
   the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange)) under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
   Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As of 31 December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


IX. PARTICULARS OF PREFERENCE SHARES
        Applicable    ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        257
258
                                                           I.          CORPORATE BONDS (INCLUDING ENTERPRISE BONDS) AND DEBT FINANCING
                                                                       INSTRUMENTS OF NON-FINANCIAL ENTERPRISES
                                                                        ✓      Applicable                   Not applicable


                                                                       i.        Corporate bonds (including enterprise bonds)                                                                                                                                                                                                          SECTION VIII
                                                                                   ✓       Applicable                    Not applicable


                                                                                 1.          Basic information of corporate bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan            Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                   Next put
                                                                                                                        Interest   option                                                                                                                                 Investor
                                                                                                                        start      date after 30 Maturity                    Interest   Repayment                                                                         Suitability
                                                           Bond name                Abbreviation Code      Issue date   date       April 2026    date         Bond balance rate (%)     method                Trading venue    Lead underwriters     Trustee              arrangement        Trading mechanism     Risk of delisting
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           Public offering of tech-    CRSC YK01 242097. SH 6 December 9 December 9 December 9 December     1,500,000,000.00 2.2        Interest Payment:     Shanghai Stock   GuChina Reform         GuChina Reform       Qualified Investors Matched Transaction, No
                                                             innovation renewable                             2024 to 9 2024        2029       2029                                       If the issuer         Exchange        Securities Co., Ltd., Securities Co., Ltd.                      Click Transaction,
                                                             corporate bonds of                               December                                                                    does not                              CITIC Securities Co.,                                           Inquiry Transaction,
                                                             China Railway Signal &                           2024                                                                        exercise                              Ltd.                                                            Auction Transaction,
                                                             Communication Corporation                                                                                                    the right to                                                                                          Negotiated Transaction
                                                             Limited to professional                                                                                                      defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PARTICULARS OF BONDS

                                                             investors in 2024 (first                                                                                                     payments,
                                                             tranche) (variety one)                                                                                                       the bond will
                                                                                                                                                                                          accrue simple
                                                                                                                                                                                          interest, and
                                                                                                                                                                                          interest will be
                                                                                                                                                                                          paid annually.
                                                                                                                                                                                          Redemption
                                                                                                                                                                                          Amount: If the
                                                                                                                                                                                          issuer chooses
                                                                                                                                                                                          to redeem the
                                                                                                                                                                                          bond in full in
                                                                                                                                                                                          any renewal
                                                                                                                                                                                          year of the
                                                                                                                                                                                          bond’s renewal
                                                                                                                                                                                          option, the
                                                                                                                                                                                          principal will be
                                                                                                                                                                                          repaid in full.
                                                                                                 Next put
                                                                                      Interest   option                                                                                                                                       Investor
                                                                                      start      date after 30 Maturity                    Interest   Repayment                                                                               Suitability
                     Bond name                     Abbreviation Code    Issue date    date       April 2026    date         Bond balance rate (%)     method                Trading venue    Lead underwriters        Trustee                 arrangement       Trading mechanism          Risk of delisting


                     Public offering of tec-       CRSC YK02 242098. SH 6 December 9 December 9 December 9 December       1,000,000,000.00 2.4        Interest Payment:     Shanghai Stock   GuChina Reform           GuChina Reform          Qualified Investors Matched Transaction, No
                       hinnovation renewable                              2024 to 9     2024       2034          2034                                   If the issuer        Exchange         Securities Co., Ltd.,    Securities Co., Ltd.                       Click Transaction,
                       corporate bonds of                                 December                                                                      does not                              CITIC Securities Co.,                                               Inquiry Transaction,
                       China Railway Signal &                             2024                                                                          exercise                              Ltd.                                                                Auction Transaction,
                       Communication Corporation                                                                                                        the right to                                                                                              Negotiated Transaction
                       Limited to professional                                                                                                          defer interest
                       investors in 2024 (first                                                                                                         payments,
                       tranche) (variety two)                                                                                                           the bond will
                                                                                                                                                        accrue simple
                                                                                                                                                        interest, and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SECTION VIII
                                                                                                                                                        interest will be
                                                                                                                                                        paid annually.
                                                                                                                                                        Redemption
                                                                                                                                                        Amount: If the
                                                                                                                                                        issuer chooses
                                                                                                                                                        to redeem the
                                                                                                                                                        bond in full in
                                                                                                                                                        any renewal
                                                                                                                                                        year of the
                                                                                                                                                        bond’s renewal
                                                                                                                                                        option, the
                                                                                                                                                        principal will be
                                                                                                                                                        repaid in full.




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




259
      SECTION VIII             PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




                          Measures adopted by the Company for the risk of terminating the public offering of bonds

                                 Applicable       ✓     Not applicable

                          Overdue and outstanding bonds

                           ✓     Applicable             Not applicable

                          Name of bonds                                                             Explanation on interest payments and
                                                                                                    redemption

                          China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation                          The Company paid bond interest of RMB33
                           Limited 2024 Public Offering of Sci-Tech Innovation                        million on schedule.
                           Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional Investors
                           (Tranche I, Type 1)
                          China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation                          The Company paid bond interest of RMB24
                           Limited 2024 Public Offering of Sci-Tech Innovation                        million on schedule.
                           Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional Investors
                           (Tranche I, Type 2)

                  2.      The triggering and implementation of the corporate or investor option terms
                          and the investor protection terms

                                 Applicable       ✓     Not applicable

                  3.      Intermediaries providing services for bond issuance and business subsisting

                                                                                                 Name(s) of
                                                                                                 the signing
                                                                                                 accountant(s) (if   Contact        Contact
                          Name of intermediary                Address                            applicable)         person(s)      number(s)

                          China Reform Securities Co., Ltd.   PICC Life Insurance Building,      N/A                 ZHONG Ruoqian +86 010-
                                                                 No. 18 Chaoyangmen North                                            85556311
                                                                 Street, Chaoyang District,
                                                                 Beijing, the PRC
                          China Securities Co., Ltd           Taikang Group Building,            N/A                 GUO Yongxing   +86 010-
                                                                 Building 1, No. 16 Jinghui                                           56051910
                                                                 Street, Chaoyang District,
                                                                 Beijing, the PRC
                          Zhong Lun Law Firm                  22-31/F, Building 3, South Tower   N/A                 CHENG Jinsong +86 010-
                                                                 of CP Centre, No. 20 Jin                                            59572288
                                                                 He East Avenue, Chaoyang
                                                                 District, Beijing, the PRC
                          BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified     17-20/F, Tower A, China            GUO Jian, WANG      LU Jiayu       +86 010-
                            Public Accountants LLP               Overseas International            Xiaoyan                            56730088
                                                                 Centre, Building 7, No. 5
                                                                 Anding Road, Chaoyang
                                                                 District, Beijing, the PRC
                          Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP          Level 17, Ernst & Young            ZHANG Xiaoliang,    ZHANG          +86 010-
                             (Special General Partnership)       Tower, Oriental Plaza, No.        HE Qiongyi          Xiaoliang      58153000
                                                                 1 East Chang’an Avenue,
                                                                 Dongcheng District, Beijing,
                                                                 the PRC

                          Changes in the above intermediaries

                                 Applicable       ✓     Not applicable


260     China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                       SECTION VIII                PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




       4.      Adjustment of credit rating results

                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


               Other explanations


                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


       5.      Implementation and changes in guarantees, debt repayment plans and other
               repayment guarantees during the Reporting Period and their impact

                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


ii.    Corporate bond fundraising

              The corporate bonds involved the use or        ✓   None of the Company’s bonds involved the use or
              rectification of proceeds during the Reporting     rectification of proceeds during the Reporting Period
              Period


       (1).    Use of proceeds for specific projects

                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


iii.   Other matters to be disclosed for special purpose corporate bonds

        ✓     Applicable          Not applicable


       1.      The Company is an issuer of exchangeable corporate bonds

                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


       2.      The Company is an issuer of green corporate bonds

                     Applicable     ✓    Not applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       261
      SECTION VIII             PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




                  3.      The Company is an issuer of renewable corporate bonds

                           ✓    Applicable        Not applicable


                                                                                         Unit: RMB100 million   Currency: RMB


                          Bond code                                242097.SH, 242098.SH


                          Bond abbreviation                        CRSC YK01, CRSC YK02


                          Outstanding balance                      25.00


                          Renewal status                           Not applicable


                          Step-up interest rate                    Not applicable


                          Interest deferral                        Not applicable


                          Mandatory interest payment               Not applicable


                          Whether still recognised as equity and   Classified as other equity instruments
                            related accounting treatment


                          Other matters                            Not applicable


                  4.      The Company is an issuer of poverty alleviation corporate bonds:

                                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


                  5.      The Company is an issuer of rural revitalisation corporate bonds:

                                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable


                  6.      The Company is an issuer of Belt and Road corporate bonds:

                                Applicable    ✓   Not applicable




262     China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              SECTION VIII                   PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




7.   The Company is an issuer of technology innovation or innovation and
     entrepreneurship corporate bonds

      ✓    Applicable           Not applicable


                                                                         Unit: RMB100 million   Currency: RMB


     Category of issuers applicable to the bond   ✓    Scientific and technological innovation enterprise

                                                       Scientific and technological innovation upgrading
                                                       enterprise

                                                       Scientific and technological innovation investment
                                                       enterprise

                                                       Scientific and technological innovation incumbent
                                                       enterprise

                                                       Financial institution
     Bond code                                    242097.SH, 242098.SH
     Bond abbreviation                            CRSC YK01, CRSC YK02
     Outstanding balance                          25.00
     Progress related to technology innovation    Not applicable
       projects or financial institutions’
       investment of raised funds in technology
       innovation sectors
     Outcomes supporting technological            Not applicable
       innovation development
     Operation of fund products (if any)          Not applicable
     Other matters                                Not applicable


8.   The Company is an issuer of low-carbon transition (linked) corporate bonds

           Applicable     ✓     Not applicable


9.   The Company is an issuer of relief corporate bonds

           Applicable     ✓     Not applicable




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       263
      SECTION VIII           PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




                   10.    The Company is an issuer of SME-support corporate bonds

                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


                   11.    Other matters related to special purpose corporate bonds

                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


           iv.     Other important matters related to corporate bonds during the Reporting Period

                                Applicable     ✓    Not applicable


                   1.     Change in the management system of information disclosure during the
                          Reporting Period

                                Changed        ✓    Unchanged



           v.      Debt financing instruments for non-financial enterprises in the interbank bond

                         Applicable   ✓      Not applicable


           vi.     Losses in the consolidated statements exceeding 10% of the net assets as at the
                   end of the previous year during the Reporting Period

                         Applicable   ✓      Not applicable


           vii.    Default on payment of interest-bearing debts excluding bonds as at the end of the
                   Reporting Period

                         Applicable   ✓      Not applicable


           viii.   Influence of violations of laws and regulations, the Articles of Association, the
                   management system for information disclosure, and the agreements or undertakings
                   in the bond prospectus on the rights and interests of bond investors during the
                   Reporting Period

                         Applicable   ✓      Not applicable




264     China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  SECTION VIII                   PARTICULARS OF BONDS (CONTINUED)




      ix.    Accounting data and financial indicators of the Company for the last two years as of
             the end of the Reporting Period

              ✓      Applicable                 Not applicable


                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                               Change as
                                                                                                       compared with the
                                                                                                           corresponding
             Major indicators                                         2025                    2024 period of last year (%)   Reason of changes


             Net profits attributable to shareholders
                of the listed company after deducting
                non-recurring profit and loss              3,420,779,222.23      3,268,375,928.61                     4.66                   ╱
             Current ratio                                             1.56                    1.44                   8.33                   ╱
             Quick ratio                                               0.89                    0.84                   5.95                   ╱
             Gearing ratio (%)                                       55.65                    57.22                  -1.57                   ╱
             Debt-to-EBITDA ratio                                      0.72                    1.58                 -54.43                   ╱
             Interest coverage ratio                                 57.56                   125.08                 -53.98                   ╱
             Cash interest coverage ratio                             -6.80                  156.51                -104.34                   ╱
             EBITDA interest coverage ratio                          66.57                   144.88                 -54.05                   ╱
             Loan repayment ratio (%)                               100.00                   100.00                      –                   ╱
             Interest coverage ratio (%)                            100.00                   100.00                      –                   ╱

             Note:    The gearing ratio is the ratio of total liabilities to total assets.



II.   CONVERTIBLE COMPANY DEBENTURES
            Applicable       ✓      Not applicable




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       265
      SECTION IX                   FINANCIAL REPORT




      I.      AUDIT REPORT
               ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                     AUDITOR’ S REPORT
                                                                                               Xin Kuai Shi Bao Zi [2026] NO.ZG10186


              To the Shareholders of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited:


              I.      Opinion

                      We have audited the accompanying financial statements of China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                      Limited (“CRSC”), which comprise the consolidated and company’s balance sheets as at 31 December 2025,
                      the consolidated and company’s income statements, the consolidated and company’s statements of cash flows,
                      and the consolidated and company’s statements of changes in owners’ equity for the year then ended, and
                      notes to the financial statements.


                      In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
                      and company’s financial position as at 31 December 2025 and the consolidated and company’s financial
                      performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with the requirements of Accounting
                      Standards for Business Enterprises.


              II.     Basis for Opinion

                      We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing (“CSAs”). Our responsibilities
                      under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                      Statements section of our report. We are independent of CRSC in accordance with the “Chinese Standards on
                      Independence No. 1 – Independence Requirements for Financial Statement Audits and Review Engagements”
                      and the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
                      (“CICPA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the CICPA Code. We
                      have complied with the independence requirements applicable to audits of public interest entities. We believe
                      that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




266        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                          SECTION IX              FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)

                                    AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)


I.   AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)
     III.   Key Audit Matters

            Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of
            the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
            financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
            on these matters.


            We identified the following key audit matters in our audit:


            Key Audit Matters                                       How these matters were addressed in the audit


            (I)    Revenue Recognition                              Method of audit


            The revenue of CRSC is mainly derived from              1.     We obtained an understanding of, tested and
            construction contracts for which CRSC recognises               evaluated CRSC’s internal controls over the
            revenue according to performance progress.                     recognition of construction contract revenue.
            Recognition of revenue in accordance with
            performance progress may involve significant            2.     We obtained major construction contracts,
            Management judgements and estimates, including                 reviewed key contract terms and evaluated the
            estimated contract revenue, estimated contract                 rationality of the Management’s estimation on
            costs, and work progress. When conditions                      estimated contract revenue and estimated contract
            change, the relating judgements and estimates                  costs.
            may vary. During the execution of contracts, the
            Management of CRSC evaluated and revised the            3.     We performed sampling inspection of relevant
            estimated contract revenue and estimated contract              documents to review contract costs incurred;
            costs based on factors such as scope of contract               recalculated the performance progress and
            delivery and estimated cost to completion.                     revenue based on incurred costs and estimated
            The revenue of CRSC is mainly derived from                     contract costs.
            construction contracts for which CRSC recognises
            revenue according to performance progress.              4.     We carried out cut-off test procedures to check
                                                                           whether relevant contract costs are recorded in
            The accounting policies and disclosure information             the appropriate accounting period; and underwent
            for the recognition of revenue from construction               an analytical review process for the gross profit
            contracts are set out in the notes “V. (XXXI)” and             margin of major construction contracts.
            Note “VII. (LXIII)” to the financial statements.
                                                                    5.     We evaluated the sufficiency of the Management’s
                                                                           disclosur e of recognition of revenue from
                                                                           construction contracts in the financial statements.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        267
      SECTION IX               FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)

                                               AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)


      I.      AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)
              III.    Key Audit Matters (Continued)

                      Key Audit Matters                                       How these matters were addressed in the audit


                     (II)    Impairment of accounts receivable and            Method of audit
                             contract assets


                      CRSC recognises provision for impairment of             1.     We tested and evaluated the internal controls
                      accounts receivable and contract assets based                  over CRSC’s process for recognizing impairment
                      on expected credit losses, which involves                      provisions on accounts receivable and contract
                      significant judgements and estimations of the                  assets.
                      Management. Specific factors considered by the
                      Management in its recoverability analysis include       2.     Reviewed management’s analysis and assessment
                      ageing, customers’repayment plans, historical                  of historical accounts receivable data as well as
                      settlement records, credit ratings and historical              their analysis of historical settlement patterns
                      repayment records, and other qualitative and                   for contract assets; examined supporting
                      quantitative data available to the Management.                 documentation for selected samples and evaluated
                      The Management also evaluated the expected                     the accuracy of accounts receivable aging.
                      changes in the credit risk of the debtor based on
                      the above data combined with economic policies,         3.     For individual recognition of impairment provision
                      macroeconomic indicators, industry risks and                   for receivables and contract assets, we understood
                      other factors, and considered forward-looking                  the reasons for the Management’s judgement and
                      information. The balance of accounts receivable                evaluated the rationality of the Management’s
                      and contract assets of CRSC was significant,                   impairment provision.
                      and the impairment of accounts receivable and
                      contract assets had significant impacts on the          4.     For the recognition of impairment provision for
                      financial statements.                                          receivables and contract assets by reference
                                                                                     to the credit risk portfolio, we reviewed the
                      The accounting policies and disclosure                         Management’s settings for the credit risk portfolio,
                      requirements for impairment provisions on                      evaluated the rationality of the impairment loss rate
                      accounts receivable and contract assets are                    in combination with the consideration of historical
                      detailed in Note V(XI), Note VII(V), and Note VII(VI)          audit experience and forward-looking information,
                      to the financial statements.                                   and reviewed relevant documents for the
                                                                                     selected samples to evaluate the rationality of the
                                                                                     Management’s credit risk portfolio classification
                                                                                     and impairment provision.


                                                                              5.     We evaluated the sufficiency of the Management’s
                                                                                     disclosure of provision for impairment of accounts
                                                                                     receivable and contract assets.




268        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                        SECTION IX               FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)

                                   AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)


I.   AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)
     IV.   Other Information

           Management of CRSC (“Management”) is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
           all the information included in the 2025 annual report of CRSC, other than the financial statements and our
           auditor’s report thereon.


           Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
           assurance conclusion thereon.


           In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
           in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our
           knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


           If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other
           information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     V.    Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the
           Financial Statements

           Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
           with the requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and for such internal control as
           management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
           material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


           In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing CRSC’s ability to continue as a
           going concern, disclosing, if applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
           of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate CRSC or to cease operations, or has no realistic
           alternative but to do so.


           Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing CRSC’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      269
      SECTION IX               FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)

                                             AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)


      I.      AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)
              VI.     Auditor’ s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

                      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
                      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                      opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                      accordance with CSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
                      fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
                      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.


                      As part of an audit in accordance with CSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
                      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


                      (1)    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
                             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
                             is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. override of internal control. The risk of
                             not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
                             fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the


                      (2)    Obtain an understand of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                             appropriate in the circumstances.


                      (3)    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                             estimates and related disclosures made by management.


                      (4)    Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
                             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
                             or conditions that may cast significant doubt on CRSC’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                             conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
                             the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
                             opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
                             However, future events or conditions may cause CRSC to cease to continue as a going concern.


                      (5)    Evaluate the overall presentation (including the disclosures), structure and contents of the financial
                             statements, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
                             manner that achieves fair presentation.




270        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                       SECTION IX               FINANCIAL REPORT (CONTINUED)

                                 AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)


I.   AUDIT REPORT (CONTINUED)
     VI.   Auditor’ s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

           (6)   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                 business activities within CRSC to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
                 are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
                 responsible for our audit opinion.


                 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
                 scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
                 internal control that we identify during our audit.


                 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
                 ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other
                 matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related
                 safeguards.


                 From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
                 were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore
                 the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
                 precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
                 that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
                 would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




                 BDO CHINA Shu Lun Pan Certified                                     Certified Public Accountant of China:
                 Public Accountants LLP                                                                         GUO Jian
                                                                                                    (Engagement Partner)


                 Shanghai, China                                                     Certified Public Accountant of China:
                                                                                                          WANG Xiaoyan


                                                                                                           24 March 2026




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         271
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2025




      II.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               Prepared by:China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


               ITEM                                                      Note         31 December 2025       31 December 2024


               Current assets:
               Monetary funds                                           VII. (I)      22,386,114,359.53      22,577,015,997.32
               Settlement reserves                                                                   –                           –
               Lending fund                                                                          –                           –
               Trading financial assets                                 VII. (II)                    –                           –
               Held-for-trading financial assets                       VII. (III)                    –                           –
               Notes receivable                                        VII. (IV)       1,464,349,227.45           1,105,165,396.54
               Accounts receivable                                      VII. (V)      25,001,461,400.76      26,973,365,116.63
               Receivables for financing                               VII. (VII)        795,707,159.42            775,835,849.40
               Prepayments                                             VII. (VIII)     1,208,649,645.23           1,161,308,397.54
               Premiums receivable                                                                   –                           –
               Reinsurance accounts receivable                                                       –                           –
               Deposits receivable from reinsurance treaty                                           –                           –
               Other receivables                                       VII. (IX)       1,527,850,387.21           1,612,679,459.07
               Including: Interest receivable                                                        –                           –
               Dividends receivable                                                        9,391,355.40               5,808,000.00
               Financial assets held under resale agreements                                         –                           –
               Inventories                                              VII. (X)       3,351,523,808.99           3,453,911,412.70
               Wherein: data resources                                                               –                           –
               Contract assets                                         VII. (VI)      32,848,758,789.78      32,470,218,198.16
               Assets held for sale                                    VII. (XI)                     –                           –
               Non-current assets due within one year                  VII. (XII)        152,977,852.67            149,226,076.22
               Other current assets                                    VII. (XIII)       829,838,967.18            826,820,561.00


               Total current assets                                                   89,567,231,598.22      91,105,546,464.58




272         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     31 December 2025




ITEM                                             Note         31 December 2025        31 December 2024


Loans and advances to customers                                               –                         –
Debt investment                                VII. (XIV)        273,172,183.50          273,172,183.50
Other debt investments                         VII. (XV)                      –                         –
Long-term receivables                          VII. (XVI)       7,988,247,006.24        7,165,732,307.23
Long-term equity investments                   VII. (XVII)      2,181,664,484.27        1,806,701,815.91
Other equity instrument investments           VII. (XVIII)      1,397,735,606.02        1,212,543,806.03
Other non-current financial assets             VII. (XIX)                     –                         –
Investment properties                          VII. (XX)         329,849,682.53          348,943,627.62
Fixed assets                                   VII. (XXI)       4,901,045,878.62        4,957,256,807.77
Construction in progress                       VII. (XXII)       974,657,001.76          809,309,770.26
Productive biological assets                  VII. (XXIII)                    –                         –
Oil and gas assets                            VII. (XXIV)                     –                         –
Right-of-use assets                            VII. (XXV)        161,241,008.57          128,007,364.54
Intangible assets                             VII. (XXVI)       2,571,968,066.64        2,626,900,101.76
Wherein: data resources                                                       –                         –
Development expenditure                         VIII. (II)       307,502,933.27          154,044,752.34
Wherein: data resources                                                       –                         –
Goodwill                                      VII. (XXVII)       262,891,028.58          262,891,028.58
Long-term prepaid expenses                    VII. (XXVIII)        26,633,710.67           36,901,102.20
Deferred tax assets                           VII. (XXIX)        725,268,590.96          611,526,035.66
Other non-current assets                       VII. (XXX)       6,652,581,872.05        6,391,398,347.15


Total non-current assets                                       28,754,459,053.68      26,785,329,050.55


Total Assets                                                  118,321,690,651.90     117,890,875,515.13




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       273
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025




            ITEM                                                        Note         31 December 2025    31 December 2024


            Current liabilities:
            Short-term borrowings                                    VII. (XXXII)       170,476,451.50      143,465,431.83
            Borrowings from central bank                                                            –                    –
            Placements from banks and other financial
              institutions                                                                          –                    –
            Financial liabilities held for trading                  VII. (XXXIII)                   –                    –
            Derivative financial liabilities                        VII. (XXXIV)                    –                    –
            Bills payable                                            VII. (XXXV)      1,691,264,511.61    1,775,609,143.61
            Accounts payable                                        VII. (XXXVI)     39,220,108,544.27   42,735,743,855.81
            Advance receipts                                        VII. (XXXVII)                   –                    –
            Contract liabilities–                                   VII. (XXXVIII)    9,651,753,046.43   10,260,720,800.40
            Financial assets sold for repurchase                    VII. (XXXIX)         16,950,121.15                   –
            Customers deposits and deposits from banks and
              other financial institutions                            VII. (XL)       1,035,278,439.21    3,001,258,120.80
            Amount paid for agency securities trading                                               –                    –
            Amount paid for agency securities underwriting                                          –                    –
            Employee benefits payable                                 VII. (XLI)        770,638,841.26      908,745,583.60
            Tax payable                                              VII. (XLII)      1,181,460,870.29    1,278,865,585.35
            Other payables                                           VII. (XLIII)     2,199,881,519.41    1,973,997,368.12
            Including: Interest payable                                                             –                    –
            Dividends payable                                                            11,764,619.61       12,169,644.46
            Fees and commissions payable                                                            –
            Reinsurance accounts payable                                                            –
            Liabilities held for sale                                VII. (XLIV)                    –                    –
            Non-current liabilities due within one year              VII. (XLV)         489,815,377.77      189,549,251.32
            Other current liabilities                                VII. (XLVI)        967,002,635.13      955,934,519.04


            Total current liabilities                                                57,394,630,358.03   63,223,889,659.88




274      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




ITEM                                                           Note           31 December 2025        31 December 2024


Non-current liabilities:
Insurance contract reserve                                                                    –                          –
Long-term borrowings                                        VII. (XLVII)        7,515,803,923.00        3,333,970,469.20
Bonds payable                                              VII. (XLVIII)                      –                          –
Including: Preference shares                                                                  –                          –
           Perpetual bonds                                                                    –                          –
Lease liabilities                                           VII. (XLIX)            99,902,212.83             78,393,367.34
Long-term payables                                            VII. (L)             47,316,374.84             45,383,366.45
Long-term employee benefits payable                          VII. (LI)           511,685,000.00          575,630,000.00
Estimated liabilities                                        VII. (LII)            25,882,337.23             28,012,118.60
Deferred income                                              VII. (LIII)         203,625,846.33          120,135,472.93
Deferred tax liabilities                                    VII. (XXIX)            51,992,843.93             49,658,734.97
Other non-current liabilities                                VII. (LIV)                       –                          –


Total non-current liabilities                                                   8,456,208,538.16        4,231,183,529.49


Total liabilities                                                              65,850,838,896.19      67,455,073,189.37


Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital                                                VII. (LV)         10,589,819,000.00      10,589,819,000.00
Other equity instruments                                     VII. (LVI)         2,500,000,000.00        2,500,000,000.00
Including: Preference shares                                                                  –                          –
           Perpetual bonds                                                      2,500,000,000.00        2,500,000,000.00
Capital reserve                                             VII. (LVII)        15,960,437,437.48      15,959,738,219.63
Less: treasury stocks                                       VII. (LVIII)                      –                          –
Other comprehensive income                                   VII. (LIX)          -360,257,233.13         -300,033,350.13
Special reserve                                              VII. (LX)           397,214,776.82          348,771,551.18
Surplus reserve                                              VII. (LXI)         2,694,162,333.16        2,482,496,646.28
General risk reserve                                                             167,899,693.10          101,496,079.94
Retained earnings                                           VII. (LXII)        17,893,791,270.92      16,342,719,229.07


Total equity attributable to Shareholders of the
  parent company                                                               49,843,067,278.35      48,025,007,375.97


Non-controlling interests                                                       2,627,784,477.36        2,410,794,949.79


Total Shareholders’ equity                                                     52,470,851,755.71      50,435,802,325.76


Total liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                                    118,321,690,651.90     117,890,875,515.13


  Person-in-charge of the Company:                 Chief Financial Officer:          Head of Accounting Department:
                Lou Qiliang                              Li Lianqing                           Liu Huafeng




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        275
      PARENT COMPANY’ S BALANCE SHEET
      31 December 2025




      Prepared by:China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


      ITEM                                                           Note      31 December 2025       31 December 2024


      Current assets:
      Monetary funds                                                            9,065,328,872.09           8,048,980,731.22
      Trading financial assets                                                                –                           –
      Held-for-trading financial assets                                                       –                           –
      Notes receivable                                                              4,985,000.00                887,330.00
      Accounts receivable                                           XX. (I)     1,169,535,970.32           1,376,291,632.16
      Receivables for financing                                                     5,232,319.18                          –
      Prepayments                                                                 262,680,979.74            204,119,039.99
      Other receivables                                             XX. (II)    6,920,188,246.68           7,170,426,565.52
      Including: Interest receivable                                                          –                           –
      Dividends receivable                                                        354,835,070.73            309,922,930.31
      Inventories                                                                  12,623,770.00             27,260,241.98
      Wherein: data resources                                                                 –                           –
      Contract assets                                                           1,341,508,413.82           1,431,308,274.41
      Assets held for sale                                                                    –                           –
      Non-current assets due within one year                                       57,680,881.19             59,302,900.53
      Other current assets                                                         64,584,344.23             94,445,348.78


      Total current assets                                                     18,904,348,797.25      18,413,022,064.59




276      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                 PARENT COMPANY’ S BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 31 December 2025




ITEM                                            Note       31 December 2025       31 December 2024


Non-current assets:
Debt investment                                               273,172,183.50         273,172,183.50
Other debt investments                                                    –                         –
Long-term receivables                                       2,320,056,183.56        2,155,416,819.31
Long-term equity investments                   XX. (III)   20,305,023,751.02      19,893,735,946.73
Other equity instrument investments                           514,670,772.91         515,834,914.35
Other non-current financial assets                                        –                         –
Investment properties                                       1,309,054,162.41        1,346,561,270.16
Fixed assets                                                  488,661,396.95         496,844,755.33
Construction in progress                                                  –                         –
Productive biological assets                                              –                         –
Oil and gas assets                                                        –                         –
Right-of-use assets                                                       –               103,083.49
Intangible assets                                             601,822,204.45         568,162,329.29
Wherein: data resources                                                   –                         –
Development expenditure                                                   –                         –
Wherein: data resources                                                   –                         –
Goodwill                                                                  –                         –
Long-term prepaid expenses                                                –                         –
Deferred tax assets                                            47,429,442.08           44,311,468.29
Other non-current assets                                       37,130,595.82           42,676,458.17


Total non-current assets                                   25,897,020,692.70      25,336,819,228.62


Total Assets                                               44,801,369,489.95      43,749,841,293.21




                                                                               Annual Report 2025       277
      PARENT COMPANY’ S BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025




      ITEM                                                           Note   31 December 2025    31 December 2024


      Current liabilities:
      Short-term borrowings                                                                –     2,000,000,000.00
      Financial liabilities held for trading                                               –                    –
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                     –                    –
      Bills payable                                                             30,167,209.19       29,165,996.75
      Accounts payable                                                       2,671,209,356.22    3,349,901,616.94
      Advance receipts                                                                     –                    –
      Contract liabilities–                                                    781,785,045.57      876,659,021.30
      Employee benefits payable                                                 18,961,324.44       24,925,432.09
      Tax payable                                                                3,709,269.45        4,766,041.59
      Other payables                                                         2,694,359,761.63    3,107,395,777.36
      Including: Interest payable                                                          –                    –
                 Dividends payable                                                         –                    –
      Liabilities held for sale                                                            –                    –
      Non-current liabilities due within one year                                          –          399,999.98
      Other current liabilities                                                 42,090,867.80       56,225,501.46


      Total current liabilities                                              6,242,282,834.30    9,449,439,387.47


      Non-current liabilities:
      Long-term borrowings                                                   4,000,000,000.00                   –
      Bonds payable                                                                        –                    –
      Including: Preference shares                                                         –                    –
                 Perpetual bonds                                                           –                    –
      Lease liabilities                                                                    –                    –
      Long-term payables                                                                   –                    –
      Long-term employee benefits payable                                       49,593,000.00       55,638,000.00
      Estimated liabilities                                                       686,646.49          686,646.49
      Deferred income                                                            4,010,494.06        4,010,494.06
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                             –                    –
      Other non-current liabilities                                                        –                    –


      Total non-current liabilities                                          4,054,290,140.55       60,335,140.55


      Total liabilities                                                     10,296,572,974.85    9,509,774,528.02




278       China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                PARENT COMPANY’ S BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              31 December 2025




ITEM                                                         Note       31 December 2025       31 December 2024


Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital                                                           10,589,819,000.00      10,589,819,000.00
Other equity instruments                                                 2,500,000,000.00        2,500,000,000.00
Including: Preference shares                                                           –                         –
          Perpetual bonds                                                2,500,000,000.00        2,500,000,000.00
Capital reserve                                                         16,475,988,505.31      16,475,484,417.81
Less: treasury stocks                                                                  –                         –
Other comprehensive income                                                 -15,862,065.45           -16,955,100.80
Special reserve                                                             20,810,427.82           17,065,439.52
Surplus reserve                                                          2,694,162,333.16        2,482,496,646.28
Retained earnings                                                        2,239,878,314.26        2,192,156,362.38


Total Shareholders’ equity                                              34,504,796,515.10      34,240,066,765.19


Total liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                              44,801,369,489.95      43,749,841,293.21



   Person-in-charge of the Company:          Chief Financial Officer:        Head of Accounting Department:
                Lou Qiliang                        Li Lianqing                        Liu Huafeng




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       279
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      January to December 2025




                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


      ITEM                                                                 Note                    2025                            2024


      I.       Total revenue                                                           34,677,342,703.76            32,643,648,716.87
               Including: Revenue                                      VII. (LXIII)    34,552,792,545.42            32,473,033,766.06
                          Interest income                                                123,842,611.16                  170,614,950.81
                          Premiums earned                                                             –                                –
                          Fees and commissions income                                        707,547.18                                –
      II.      Total cost of sales                                                     30,103,929,134.97            28,198,501,537.42
               Including: Cost of sales                                VII. (LXIII)    24,573,291,774.15            22,985,410,426.71
                          Interest expenses                                                 4,075,388.53                  14,722,529.24
                          Fees and commissions expense                                       148,292.11                       58,120.79
                          Surrenders                                                                  –                                –
                          Net payments for insurance claims                                           –                                –
                          Net provisions for insurance contract
                            reserve                                                                   –                                –
                          Policy dividend expenses                                                    –                                –
                          Reinsurance costs                                                           –                                –
                          Taxes and surcharges                         VII. (LXIV)       284,076,479.75                  281,850,359.93
                          Selling and distribution expenses             VII. (LXV)       865,531,112.10                  851,578,354.01
                          General and administrative expenses          VII. (LXVI)      2,427,134,552.82                2,388,915,418.98
                          Research and development expenses            VII. (LXVII)     2,005,663,654.64                1,912,373,179.29
                          Finance costs                                VII. (LXVIII)      -55,992,119.13                 -236,406,851.53
               Including: Interest expenses                                               86,781,518.21                   38,126,835.89
                          Interest income                                                168,852,122.91                  306,805,350.71
               Add: Other income                                       VII. (LXIX)       403,746,038.64                  417,774,607.65
                     Investment income (with “-” for loss)              VII. (LXX)       119,537,569.84                  128,583,023.70
               Including: Share of profits of associates and joint
                            ventures                                                     106,954,319.46                  115,630,269.91
                          Derecognition of income from financial
                            assets at amortized cost                                                  –                                –
                          Exchange gain (loss, indicated by “-")                                      –                                –
                          Net gains from hedging exposure (with
                            “-” for loss)                              VII. (LXXI)                    –                                –
                          Gains from changes in fair value (with “-”
                            for loss)                                  VII. (LXXII)                   –                                –
                          Credit impairment losses (with “-” for
                            loss)                                      VII. (LXXIII)     -379,187,881.58                 -324,105,898.50
                          Assets impairment losses (with “-” for
                            loss)                                      VII. (LXXIV)       24,411,022.08                   -22,109,209.59
                          Gains from disposal of assets (with “-”
                            for loss)                                  VII. (LXXV)        79,370,923.60                   42,198,751.70




280         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               January to December 2025




ITEM                                                                Note                    2025                    2024


III.   Operating profit (with “-” for loss)                                      4,821,291,241.37        4,687,488,454.41
       Add: Non-operating income                                VII. (LXXVI)       97,626,443.24            55,836,270.00
       Less: Non-operating expenses                             VII. (LXXVII)      10,731,818.54            12,543,268.29
IV.    Total profits (with “-” for total losses)                                 4,908,185,866.07        4,730,781,456.12
       Less: Income tax expenses                                VII. (LXXVIII)    661,323,470.77          661,836,908.15
V.     Net profit (with “-” for net loss)                                        4,246,862,395.30        4,068,944,547.97
       (I)     Classified by continuity of operation
               1. Net profit from continuing operations
                      (with “-” for net loss)                                    4,246,862,395.30        4,068,944,547.97
               2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                      (with “-” for net loss)                                                  –                         –
       (II)    Classified by the ownership
               1. Net profit attributable to the owners of
                      the parent company (with “-” for net
                      loss)                                                      3,686,410,571.89        3,494,725,837.36
               2. Net profit attributable to non-controlling
                      interests (with “-” for net loss)                           560,451,823.41          574,218,710.61
VI.    Other comprehensive income, net of tax                     VII. (LIX)       -60,198,250.66          -96,558,256.66
       (I)     Other comprehensive income attributable
                  to the owners of the parent company, net
                  of tax                                                           -60,223,883.00          -96,547,660.78
               1. Other comprehensive income that may
                      not be reclassified into profit or loss                      -88,461,574.28          -97,434,859.93
                   (1) Changes of re-measurement of
                           defined benefit plans                                   39,139,000.00           -89,375,000.00
                   (2) Other comprehensive income that
                           cannot be transferred to profit or
                           loss under equity method                                            –                         –
                   (3) Changes in fair value of other equity
                           instrument investments                                 -127,600,574.28           -8,059,859.93
                   (4) Changes in fair value of the
                           Company’s own credit risk                                           –                         –




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025       281
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
      January to December 2025




      ITEM                                                                    Note                    2025                       2024


                         2. Other comprehensive income
                               reclassified to profit or loss                                28,237,691.28                 887,199.15
                             (1) Other comprehensive income that
                                   can be transferred to profit or
                                   loss under equity method                                              –                           –
                             (2) Changes in fair value of other debt
                                   investments                                                           –                           –
                             (3) Amount of financial assets
                                    reclassified into other
                                    comprehensive income                                                 –                           –
                             (4) Credit impairment provisions for
                                   other debt investments                                                –                           –
                             (5) Hedging reserve arising from cash
                                   flows                                                     29,346,580.67                 456,607.80
                             (6) Exchange differences on translation
                                   of foreign operations                                      -1,173,245.84                884,487.18
                             (7) Others                                                          64,356.45                 -453,895.83
                             (II) Other comprehensive income
                                   attributable to non- controlling
                                   interests, net of tax                                         25,632.34                  -10,595.88
      VII.       Total comprehensive income                                                4,186,664,144.64        3,972,386,291.31
                 (I).    Total comprehensive income attributable to
                           Shareholders of the parent company                              3,626,186,688.89        3,398,178,176.58
                 (II).   Total comprehensive income attributable to
                           non- controlling interests                                       560,477,455.75              574,208,114.73
      VIII.      Earnings Per Share:
                 (I).    Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)              VII. (LXXIX)                0.34                       0.32
                 (II)    Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)            VII. (LXXIX)                0.34                       0.32



      In the current period, if there is a business combination under common control, the net profit realized by the acquiree before
      the merger amounts to RMB0, and the net profit realized by the acquiree in the previous period is RMB0.


             Person-in-charge of the Company:                   Chief Financial Officer:        Head of Accounting Department:
                         Lou Qiliang                                   Li Lianqing                        Liu Huafeng




282          China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                                   PARENT COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                                         January to December 2025




                                                                                          Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


ITEM                                                              Note                 2025                       2024


I.     Operating Revenue                                         XX. (IV)   1,658,342,004.00           2,319,813,596.04
       Less: Operating Costs                                     XX. (IV)   1,453,572,070.90           2,098,959,274.13
       Taxes and surcharges                                                   35,647,106.97              39,491,602.37
       Selling and distribution expenses                                        3,594,006.94               7,766,962.31
       General and administrative expenses                                   218,747,648.39             236,484,353.08
       Research and development expenses                                      88,382,089.23              54,919,659.82
       Finance costs                                                            1,641,020.14             -63,682,024.31
       Including: Interest expenses                                          115,189,044.01             106,684,257.50
                   Interest income                                           116,283,097.79             164,286,350.20
       Add: Other income                                                        2,304,953.96               1,459,749.73
             Investment income (with “-” for loss)               XX. (V)    2,276,049,880.87           2,148,053,145.42
             Including: Share of profits of associates and
                            joint ventures                                    37,508,660.18              41,762,423.77
                         Derecognition of income from
                            financial assets at amortized cost                            –                           –
             Net gains from hedging exposure
                (with “-” for loss)                                                       –                           –
             Gains from changes in fair value
                (with “-” for loss)                                                       –                           –
             Credit impairment losses (with “-” for loss)                     -11,348,907.60             -57,374,416.49
             Assets impairment losses (with “-” for loss)                        -180,824.71               1,562,058.75
             Gains from disposal of assets (with “-” for loss)                   -523,516.00                   1,493.94
II.    Operating profit (with “-” for loss)                                 2,123,059,647.95           2,039,575,799.99
       Add: Non-operating income                                                 140,716.11              11,741,802.26
       Less: Non-operating expenses                                              212,579.21                 202,943.75
III.   Total profits (with “-” for total losses)                            2,122,987,784.85           2,051,114,658.50
       Less: Income tax expenses                                                6,330,916.09             36,129,071.68
IV.    Net profit (with “-” for net loss)                                   2,116,656,868.76           2,014,985,586.82
       1.      Net profit from continuing operations
                  (with “-” for net loss)                                   2,116,656,868.76           2,014,985,586.82
       2.      Net profit from discontinued operations
                  (with “-” for net loss)                                                 –                           –




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         283
      PARENT COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
      January to December 2025




      ITEM                                                                     Note                 2025                      2024


      VI.       Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                       1,093,035.35             9,337,981.27
                (I)     Other comprehensive income attributable to
                          the owners of the parent company                                   1,634,893.92             9,029,511.01
                        (1)   Changes of re-measurement of defined
                                benefit plans                                                2,508,000.00            -1,988,000.00
                        (2)   Other comprehensive income that
                                cannot be transferred to profit or loss
                                under equity method                                                    –                         –
                        (3)   Changes in fair value of other equity
                                instrument investments                                        -873,106.08            11,017,511.01
                        (4)   Changes in fair value of the Company’s
                                own credit risk                                                         -                        –
                (II)    Other comprehensive income that will be
                          reclassified into profit or loss                                    -541,858.57              308,470.26
                        (1)     Other comprehensive income that
                                  can be transferred to profit or loss
                                  under equity method                                                  –                         –
                        (2)     Changes in fair value of other debt
                                   investments                                                         –                         –
                        (3)     Amount of financial assets
                                   reclassified into other
                                   comprehensive income                                                –                         –
                        (4)     Credit impairment provisions for
                                  other debt investments                                               –                         –
                        (5)     Hedging reserve arising from cash
                                   flows                                                               –                         –
                        (6)     Exchange differences on translation
                                  of foreign operations                                       -541,858.57              308,470.26
                        (7)     Others                                                                 –                         –
      VI.       Total comprehensive income                                               2,117,749,904.11       2,024,323,568.09
      VII.      Earning per share:
                (I).    Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                           –                         –
                (II)    Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                         –                         –



            Person-in-charge of the Company:                  Chief Financial Officer:       Head of Accounting Department:
                       Lou Qiliang                                    Li Lianqing                      Liu Huafeng




284          China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                              January to December 2025




                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


ITEM                                                              Note                     2025                          2024


I.     Cash flows generated from operating activities:
       Cash received from the sale of goods or rendering
         of services                                                           33,175,923,115.92          34,540,806,445.43
       Net increase in customer deposits received and
         interbank deposits                                                    -1,966,515,284.64           2,863,121,898.20
       Net increase in borrowings from central bank                                           –                              –
       Net increase in placements from other financial
         institutions                                                                         –                              –
       Cash received from original insurance contract
         premium                                                                              –                              –
       Net cash received from reinsurance business                                            –                              –
       Net increase in savings and investment funds                                           –                              –
       Interests, service charges and commission
         received                                                                117,834,855.13                 173,524,145.34
       Net increase in placements from banks and other
         financial institutions                                                               –                              –
       Net increase in returned business capital                                  16,920,331.15                              –
       Net cash received from accounts payables to
         brokerage clients                                                                    –                              –
       Refunds of tax                                                            355,953,881.07                 251,536,649.73
       Cash received relating to other operating activities   VII. (LXXXII)      834,787,486.64                 709,794,589.63


       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                      32,534,904,385.27          38,538,783,728.33


       Cash paid for goods and services                                        23,131,787,101.78          22,989,116,620.42
       Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                        –                              –
       Net increase in deposits with the central bank and
         interbank funds                                                          -67,436,365.89                217,174,019.14
       Cash paid for original insurance contract
         compensation                                                                         –                              –
       Net increase in placements with banks and other
         financial institutions                                                               –                              –
       Interests, service charges and commission paid                               3,658,287.59                 14,635,402.11
       Cash paid for bonus of guarantee slip                                                  –                              –
       Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                  6,347,032,980.30           5,928,373,418.11
       Cash paid for all taxes                                                  2,593,918,249.40           2,421,557,354.54
       Cash paid relating to other operating activities       VII. (LXXXII)     1,820,050,735.27           1,731,798,183.70


       Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                     33,829,010,988.45          33,302,654,998.02


Net cash flows generated from operating activities            VII. (LXXXIII)   -1,294,106,603.18           5,236,128,730.31




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        285
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
      January to December 2025




      ITEM                                                                Note                     2025               2024


      II.      Cash flows generated from investing activities:
               Cash received from disposal of investments                                             –                   –
               Cash received from return on investment                                    52,077,402.04      35,383,497.94
               Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
                 intangible assets and other long-term assets                             94,276,076.55     146,463,667.48
               Decrease in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted
                 time deposits with maturity over three months                                        –     446,027,028.98
               Net cash from disposal of subsidiaries and other
                 operating units                                                                      –                   –
               Cash received relating to other investing activities    VII. (LXXXII)     219,456,429.73     106,712,832.20


               Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                        365,809,908.32     734,587,026.60


               Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
                 assets and other long-term assets                                       770,270,172.42     858,930,104.64
               Cash paid for investments                                                 657,069,001.90     195,068,248.34
               Increase in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted
                 time deposits with maturity over three months                         1,020,848,821.18                   –
               Net increase in pledged loan                                                           –                   –
               Net cash paid on acquisition of subsidiaries and
                 other operating units                                                                –                   –
               Cash paid relating to other investing activities        VII. (LXXXII)      42,706,400.00     267,283,368.00


               Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                     2,490,894,395.50    1,321,281,720.98


      Net cash flows generated from investing activities                               -2,125,084,487.18    -586,694,694.38




286         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    January to December 2025




ITEM                                                                    Note                     2025                      2024


III.       Cash flows generated from financing activities:
           Cash received as capital contributions                                       19,250,000.00           97,000,000.00
           Including: Cash received by subsidiaries from
                         minority shareholders’ investment                              19,250,000.00           97,000,000.00
           Cash received from borrowings                                              4,678,918,644.86         467,451,978.03
           Cash received relating to other financing activities      VII. (LXXXII)     280,020,576.84        2,798,070,000.00


           Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                         4,978,189,221.70       3,362,521,978.03


           Cash paid on repayments of borrowings                                       101,191,111.11        2,202,149,546.48
           Cash paid for distribution of dividends or profits
             and for interest expenses                                                2,431,255,960.30       2,429,743,089.62
           Including: Dividend and profit of minority
                        shareholder paid by subsidiaries                               407,566,641.63          420,950,786.39
           Cash paid relating to other financing activities          VII. (LXXXII)     270,146,615.73        2,990,618,882.60


           Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                        2,802,593,687.14       7,622,511,518.70


Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                    2,175,595,534.56      -4,259,989,540.67


IV.        Effect of fluctuations in exchange rate on cash
             and cash equivalents                                                          159,894.00              -3,687,514.99


V.         Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                VII. (LXXXIII)   -1,243,435,661.80         385,756,980.27
           Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
                   beginning of the period                          VII. (LXXXIII)   16,405,869,676.39      16,020,112,696.12


VI.        Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
             end of the period                                      VII. (LXXXIII)   15,162,434,014.59      16,405,869,676.39



       Person-in-charge of the Company:                 Chief Financial Officer:            Head of Accounting Department:
                  Lou Qiliang                                    Li Lianqing                         Liu Huafeng




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       287
      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
      January to December 2025




                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


      ITEM                                                             Note              2025                          2024


      I.       Cash flows generated from operating activities:
               Cash received from the sale of goods or rendering
                 of services                                                  1,596,351,371.24           2,622,781,688.95
               Refunds of tax                                                   12,082,769.34                  58,581,175.66
               Cash received relating to other operating activities            656,474,829.30                 564,601,512.80


               Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities             2,264,908,969.88           3,245,964,377.41


               Cash paid for goods and services                               1,880,030,396.95           2,469,719,748.50
               Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                         165,526,045.37                 195,888,870.86
               Cash paid for all taxes                                          63,209,113.89                 194,304,809.87
               Cash paid relating to other operating activities                773,456,955.75                 633,844,274.63


               Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities            2,882,222,511.96           3,493,757,703.86


      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                       -617,313,542.08            -247,793,326.45


      II.      Cash flows generated from investing activities:
               Cash received from disposal of investments                                   –                              –
               Cash received from return on investment                        2,044,833,486.72           1,881,473,801.45
               Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
                 intangible assets and other long-term assets                      130,574.96                    306,800.00
               Decrease in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted
                 time deposits with maturity over three months                              –                              –
               Net cash from disposal of subsidiaries and other
                 operating units                                                            –                              –
               Cash received relating to other investing activities           1,935,023,539.41           1,103,219,113.07


               Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities             3,979,987,601.09           2,984,999,714.52


               Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
                 assets and other long-term assets                             156,604,229.24                 110,626,078.81
               Cash paid for investments                                       373,384,301.90                 410,462,900.00
               Increase in unsecured/pledged and unrestricted
                 time deposits with maturity over three months                  10,848,821.18                  14,822,397.57
               Net cash paid on acquisition of subsidiaries and
                 other operating units                                                      –                              –
               Cash paid relating to other investing activities               1,969,244,675.41           1,551,749,060.29


               Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities            2,510,082,027.73           2,087,660,436.67


      Net cash flows generated from investing activities                      1,469,905,573.36                897,339,277.85



288         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 January to December 2025




ITEM                                                                    Note                  2025                     2024


III.       Cash flows generated from financing activities:
           Cash received as capital contributions                                                –                          –
           Cash received from borrowings                                           4,000,000,000.00       2,000,000,000.00
           Cash received relating to other financing activities                      16,900,000.00        2,498,070,000.00


           Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                      4,016,900,000.00       4,498,070,000.00


           Cash paid on repayments of borrowings                                   2,000,000,000.00       2,000,000,000.00
           Cash paid for distribution of dividends or profits
             and for interest expenses                                             1,904,640,700.51       1,924,566,114.24
           Cash paid relating to other financing activities                                      –        2,800,423,900.00


           Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                     3,904,640,700.51       6,724,990,014.24


Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                  112,259,299.49       -2,226,920,014.24


IV.        Effect of fluctuations in exchange rate on cash
             and cash equivalents                                                       -593,250.82             2,233,014.79


V.         Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                964,258,079.95       -1,575,141,048.05
           Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
                   beginning of the period                                         5,302,768,166.35       6,877,909,214.40


VI.        Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
             end of the period                                                     6,267,026,246.30       5,302,768,166.35


       Person-in-charge of the Company:                 Chief Financial Officer:         Head of Accounting Department:
                  Lou Qiliang                                    Li Lianqing                      Liu Huafeng




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       289
290
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan               Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                                                             Other equity instruments                                        Less:            Other                                                  General
                                                                                                                   Paid-in capital   Preference        Perpetual                          Capital         treasury    comprehensive             Special             Surplus             risk          Retained                               Non-controlling     Total owners’
                                                           ITEM                                                 (or share capital)       shares           bonds         Others           reserve            stocks          income              reserve             reserve          reserve          earnings    Others          Subtotal         interests            equity

                                                           I.     Closing balance of last year                  10,589,819,000.00            – 2,500,000,000.00              – 15,959,738,219.63                 –    -300,033,350.13    348,771,551.18 2,482,496,646.28       101,496,079.94 16,342,719,229.07        – 48,025,007,375.97 2,410,794,949.79 50,435,802,325.76
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 January to December 2025

                                                                  Plus: changes in accounting policies                          –            –                –              –                 –                 –                  –                 –                –                    –                 –        –                 –                –                 –
                                                                        Correction of errors in prior period                    –            –                –              –                 –                 –                  –                 –                –                    –                 –        –                 –                –                 –
                                                                        Others                                                  –            –                –              –                 –                 –                  –                 –                –                    –                 –        –                 –                –                 –


                                                           II.    Opening balance of the year                   10,589,819,000.00            – 2,500,000,000.00              – 15,959,738,219.63                 –    -300,033,350.13    348,771,551.18 2,482,496,646.28       101,496,079.94 16,342,719,229.07        – 48,025,007,375.97 2,410,794,949.79 50,435,802,325.76


                                                           III.   Increase/(decrease) during the period
                                                                     (with “-” for decrease)                                    –            –                 –             –        699,217.85                 –     -60,223,883.00      48,443,225.64      211,665,686.88    66,403,613.16 1,551,072,041.85         – 1,818,059,902.38     216,989,527.57 2,035,049,429.95
                                                                  (I)        Total comprehensive income                         –            –                 –             –                 –                 –     -60,223,883.00                  –                   –                – 3,686,410,571.89         – 3,626,186,688.89     560,477,455.75 4,186,664,144.64
                                                                  (II) Capital contributions and
                                                                                withdrawals by                                  –            –                 –             –       6 99,217.85                 –                  –                     –               –                –                 –         –        699,217.85     59,220,000.00     59,919,217.85
                                                                             1． Common shares
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                      contributed by
                                                                                      shareholders1                             –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –                –                 –         –                –      49,220,000.00     49,220,000.00
                                                                             2． Capital contributed by
                                                                                      holders of other equity                   –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                                                             3． Share-based payment
                                                                                      recorded in owners’
                                                                                      equity                                    –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –                –                 –         –                 –                 –                 –
                                                                             4． Others                                          –            –                 –             –        699,217.85                 –                  –                     –               –                –                 –         –        699,217.85     10,000,000.00     10,699,217.85


                                                                  (III)    Profit distribution                                  –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –   211,665,686.88    66,403,613.16 -2,135,338,530.04        – -1,857,269,230.00   -407,161,616.78 -2,264,430,846.78
                                                                           1． Appropriation of surplus
                                                                                     reserve                                    –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –   211,665,686.88               –    -211,665,686.88        –                –                 –                 –
                                                                           2． Accrual of general risk
                                                                                     reserves                                   –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –     66,403,613.16    -66,403,613.16        –                –                 –                 –
                                                                           3． Distribution to owners (or
                                                                                     shareholders)                              –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –                – -1,800,269,230.00         – -1,800,269,230.00   -407,161,616.78 -2,207,430,846.78
                                                                           4． Others                                            –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –               –                – -57,000,000.00            – -57,000,000.00                    – -57,000,000.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                                           Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                    Other equity instruments                                        Less:            Other                                              General
                                                                          Paid-in capital   Preference        Perpetual                          Capital         treasury    comprehensive             Special         Surplus             risk          Retained                               Non-controlling    Total owners’
                     ITEM                                              (or share capital)       shares           bonds         Others           reserve            stocks          income              reserve         reserve          reserve          earnings    Others          Subtotal         interests           equity

                            (IV)    Internal transfer of owners’
                                      equity                                           –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –           –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    1． Transfer of capital reserve
                                              into capital (or share
                                              capital)                                 –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –           –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    2． Transfer of surplus reserve
                                              into capital (or share
                                              capital)                                 –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –           –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    3． Recover of loss by surplus
                                              reserve                                  –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –           –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    4． Changes in defined benefit
                                              plan transferred to
                                              retained earnings                        –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –            –               –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    5． Other comprehensive
                                              income transferred to
                                              retained earnings                        –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –            –               –                 –         –                –                 –                 –
                                    6． Others                                          –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –            –               –                 –         –                –                 –                 –


                            (V)     Special reserve                                    –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –      48,443,225.64              –                –                 –         –     48,443,225.64      4,453,688.60    52,896,914.24
                                    1． Appropriated in current
                                             period                                    –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –     261,711,648.74              –                –                 –         –    261,711,648.74     15,200,083.85    276,911,732.59
                                    2． Use in current period                           –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –    -213,268,423.10              –                –                 –         –   -213,268,423.10    -10,746,395.25   -224,014,818.35


                            (VI)    Others                                             –            –                 –             –                 –                 –                  –                     –           –                –                 –         –                –                 –                 –


                     IV     Closing balance during the period          10,589,819,000.00            – 2,500,000,000.00              – 15,960,437,437.48                 –    -360,257,233.13    397,214,776.82 2,694,162,333.16   167,899,693.10 17,893,791,270.92        – 49,843,067,278.35 2,627,784,477.36 52,470,851,755.71




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    January to December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)




291
292
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                                                             Other equity instruments                                                        Other                                                 General                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                   Paid-in capital   Preference                                          Capital   Less: treasury    comprehensive               Special            Surplus            risk          Retained                               Non-controlling          owners’
                                                           ITEM                                                 (or share capital)       shares Perpetual bonds         Others           reserve           stocks          income                reserve            reserve        reserve           earnings   Others          Subtotal          interests           equity

                                                           I.     Closing balance of last year                 10,589,819,000.00             – 2,796,935,660.38              – 15,964,182,695.10               –     -203,485,689.35     299,764,318.80 2,280,998,087.60      39,397,794.27 15,044,440,040.06        – 46,812,051,906.86 2,062,783,123.04 48,874,835,029.90
                                                                  Plus: changes in accounting policies                         –             –                –              –                 –               –                   –                  –                –                  –                 –        –                 –                –                 –
                                                                       Correction of errors in prior period                    –             –                –              –                 –               –                   –                  –                –                  –                 –        –                 –                –                 –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                January to December 2025

                                                                       Others                                                  –             –                –              –                 –               –                   –                  –                –                  –                 –        –                 –                –                 –


                                                           II.    Opening balance of the year                  10,589,819,000.00             – 2,796,935,660.38              – 15,964,182,695.10               –     -203,485,689.35     299,764,318.80 2,280,998,087.60      39,397,794.27 15,044,440,040.06        – 46,812,051,906.86 2,062,783,123.04 48,874,835,029.90


                                                           III.   Increase/(decrease) during the period
                                                                  (with “-” for decrease)                                       –            –   -296,935,660.38             –     -4,444,475.47               –      -96,547,660.78       49,007,232.38     201,498,558.68   62,098,285.67 1,298,279,189.01         – 1,212,955,469.11    348,011,826.75 1,560,967,295.86
                                                                  (I)       Total comprehensive income                          –            –                 –             –                 –               –      -96,547,660.78                   –                  –               – 3,494,725,837.36         – 3,398,178,176.58    574,208,114.73 3,972,386,291.31
                                                                  (II) Capital contributions and
                                                                            withdrawals by                                      –            –   -296,935,660.38             –     -4,444,475.47               –                   –                     –                –               –                 –        –   -301,380,135.85   199,293,905.06     -102,086,230.79
                                                                            1． Common shares
                                                                                     contributed by
                                                                                     shareholders1                              –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –                –               –                 –        –                 –   199,898,339.28     199,898,339.28
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                            2． Capital contributed by
                                                                                     holders of other equity                    –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –                –               –                 –        –                 –                 –                  –
                                                                            3． Share-based payment
                                                                                     recorded in owners’
                                                                                     equity                                     –            –                 –             –                 –               –                   –                     –                –               –                 –        –                 –                 –                  –
                                                                            4． Others                                           –            –   -296,935,660.38             –     -4,444,475.47               –                   –                     –                –               –                 –        –   -301,380,135.85       -604,434.22    -301,984,570.07


                                                                  (III)    Profit distribution                                  –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –   201,498,558.68   62,098,285.67 -2,196,446,648.35        – -1,932,849,804.00   -430,101,515.54 -2,362,951,319.54
                                                                           1． Appropriation of surplus
                                                                                     reserve                                    –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –   201,498,558.68               –   -201,498,558.68        –                 –                 –                  –
                                                                           2． Accrual of general risk
                                                                                     reserves                                   –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –                –   62,098,285.67    -62,098,285.67        –                 –                 –                  –
                                                                           3． Distribution to owners (or
                                                                                     shareholders)                              –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –                –               – -1,800,269,230.00        – -1,800,269,230.00   -392,034,689.54 -2,192,303,919.54
                                                                           4． Others                                            –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –                –               – -132,580,574.00          – -132,580,574.00      -38,066,826.00 -170,647,400.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                                                           Equity attributable to owners of the parent Company
                                                                                                     Other equity instruments                                                        Other                                               General                                                                               Total
                                                                           Paid-in capital   Preference                                          Capital   Less: treasury    comprehensive               Special         Surplus             risk          Retained                                 Non-controlling          owners’
                     ITEM                                               (or share capital)       shares Perpetual bonds         Others           reserve           stocks          income                reserve         reserve         reserve           earnings     Others          Subtotal          interests           equity

                            (IV)    Internal transfer of owners’
                                      equity                                            –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    1． Transfer of capital reserve
                                              into capital (or share
                                              capital)                                  –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    2． Transfer of surplus reserve
                                              into capital (or share
                                              capital)                                  –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    3． Recover of loss by surplus
                                              reserve                                   –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    4． Changes in defined benefit
                                              plan transferred to
                                              retained earnings                         –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    5． Other comprehensive
                                              income transferred to
                                              retained earnings                         –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –
                                    6． Others                                           –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –


                            (V)     Special reserve                                     –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –       49,007,232.38               –               –                  –          –     49,007,232.38      4,611,322.50     53,618,554.88
                                    1． Appropriated in current
                                             period                                     –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –      358,241,749.12               –               –                  –          –    358,241,749.12     30,284,642.71     388,526,391.83
                                    2． Use in current period                            –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –     -309,234,516.74               –               –                  –          –   -309,234,516.74    -25,673,320.21    -334,907,836.95


                            (VI)    Others                                              –            –                  –            –                 –               –                   –                     –             –               –                  –          –                 –                 –                  –


                     IV     Closing balance during the period          10,589,819,000.00             – 2,500,000,000.00              – 15,959,738,219.63               –     -300,033,350.13     348,771,551.18 2,482,496,646.28   101,496,079.94 16,342,719,229.07          – 48,025,007,375.97 2,410,794,949.79 50,435,802,325.76



                                      Person-in-charge of the Company:                                                                                Chief Financial Officer:                                                                      Head of Accounting Department:
                                                                Lou Qiliang                                                                                    Li Lianqing                                                                                            Liu Huafeng




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        January to December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)




293
294
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                             2025

                                                                                                                                                  Other equity instruments                                                         Other                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                   Paid-in capital   Preference             Perpetual                           Capital   Less: treasury   comprehensive         Special            Surplus            Retained             owners’
                                                           ITEM                                                 (or share capital)      shares                  bonds        Others            reserve           stocks          income          reserve            reserve            earnings               equity


                                                           I.     Closing balance of last year                  10,589,819,000.00            –        2,500,000,000.00            –   16,475,484,417.81               –    -16,955,100.80   17,065,439.52   2,482,496,646.28   2,192,156,362.38    34,240,066,765.19
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       January to December 2025


                                                                  Plus: changes in accounting policies                          –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –
                                                                         Correction of errors in prior period                   –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –
                                                                         Others                                                 –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –


                                                           II.    Opening balance of the year                   10,589,819,000.00            –        2,500,000,000.00            –   16,475,484,417.81               –    -16,955,100.80   17,065,439.52   2,482,496,646.28   2,192,156,362.38    34,240,066,765.19


                                                           III.   Increase/(decrease) during the period (with
                                                                    “-” for decrease)                                           –            –                       –            –         504,087.50                –      1,093,035.35    3,744,988.30    211,665,686.88       47,721,951.88      264,729,749.91
                                                                  (I)      Total comprehensive income                           –            –                       –            –                  –                –      1,093,035.35              –                  –    2,116,656,868.76     2,117,749,904.11
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                  (II)     Capital contributions and
                                                                              withdrawals by                                    –            –                       –            –         504,087.50                –                –               –                  –                   –          504,087.50
                                                                           1． Common shares contributed
                                                                                   by shareholders1                             –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –
                                                                           2． Capital contributed by
                                                                                   holders of other equity                      –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –
                                                                           3． Share-based payment
                                                                                   recorded in owners’ equity                   –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                   –                   –
                                                                           4． Others                                            –             –                      –            –         504,087.50                –                –               –                  –                   –          504,087.50
                                                                  (III) Profit distribution                                     –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –     211,665,686.88    -2,068,934,916.88   -1,857,269,230.00
                                                                           1． Appropriation of surplus
                                                                                   reserve                                      –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –     211,665,686.88     -211,665,686.88                   –
                                                                           2． Distribution to owners (or
                                                                                   shareholders)                                –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –    -1,800,269,230.00   -1,800,269,230.00
                                                                           3． Others                                            –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –                –                 –      -57,000,000.00       -57,000,000.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                              Other equity instruments                                                         Other                                                                      Total
                                                                               Paid-in capital   Preference             Perpetual                           Capital   Less: treasury   comprehensive         Special            Surplus           Retained             owners’
                     ITEM                                                   (or share capital)      shares                  bonds        Others            reserve           stocks          income          reserve            reserve           earnings               equity


                            (IV) Internal transfer of owners’ equity                        –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   1． Transfer of capital reserve
                                          into capital (or share capital)                   –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   2． Transfer of surplus reserve
                                          into capital (or share capital)                   –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   3． Recover of loss by surplus
                                          reserve                                           –            –                       –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   4． Changes in defined benefit
                                          plan transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                          –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   5． Other comprehensive income
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                          –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                                   6． Others                                                –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –               –                  –                  –                   –
                            (V)    Special reserve                                          –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –     3,744,988.30                 –                  –         3,744,988.30
                                   1． Appropriated in current
                                          period                                            –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –    13,104,798.54                 –                  –        13,104,798.54
                                   2． Use in current period                                 –             –                      –            –                  –                –                –    -9,359,810.24                 –                  –        -9,359,810.24
                            (VI) Others                                                     –             –                      –            –                   –                –               –                –                  –                  –                   –


                     IV     Closing balance during the period               10,589,819,000.00            –        2,500,000,000.00            –   16,475,988,505.31               –    -15,862,065.45   20,810,427.82   2,694,162,333.16   2,239,878,314.26   34,504,796,515.10




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  January to December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED)




295
296
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2024

                                                                                                                                                   Other equity instruments                                                          Other                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                   Paid-in capital    Preference              Perpetual                          Capital   Less: treasury    comprehensive          Special            Surplus           Retained              owners’
                                                           ITEM                                                  (or share capital)      shares                  bonds        Others             reserve            stocks          income          reserve            reserve           earnings               equity


                                                           I.     Closing balance of last year                  10,589,819,000.00              –      2,796,935,660.38             –   16,356,470,432.63                 –   -26,293,082.07   26,363,291.27   2,280,998,087.60   2,265,184,657.44    34,289,478,047.25
                                                                  Plus: changes in accounting policies                           –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –                  –                    –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         January to December 2025

                                                                         Correction of errors in prior period                    –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –                  –                    –
                                                                         Others                                                  –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –                  –                    –


                                                           II.    Opening balance of the year                   10,589,819,000.00              –      2,796,935,660.38             –   16,356,470,432.63                 –   -26,293,082.07   26,363,291.27   2,280,998,087.60   2,265,184,657.44    34,289,478,047.25


                                                           III.   Increase/(decrease) during the period
                                                                    (with “-” for decrease)                                      –             –       -296,935,660.38             –     119,013,985.18                  –    9,337,981.27    -9,297,851.75    201,498,558.68      -73,028,295.06       -49,411,282.06
                                                                  (I)      Total comprehensive income                            –             –                      –            –                   –                 –    9,337,981.27                –                  –   2,014,985,586.82     2,024,323,568.09
                                                                  (II)     Capital contributions and
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                              withdrawals by                                     –             –       -296,935,660.38             –     119,013,985.18                  –                –               –                  –                  –      -177,921,675.20
                                                                           1． Common shares contributed
                                                                                   by shareholders1                              –             –                      –            –     124,008,324.80                  –                –               –                  –                  –      124,008,324.80
                                                                           2． Capital contributed by
                                                                                   holders of other equity                       –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –                  –                    –
                                                                           3． Share-based payment
                                                                                   recorded in owners’ equity                    –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –                  –                    –
                                                                           4． Others                                             –             –       -296,935,660.38             –       -4,994,339.62                 –                –               –                  –                  –      -301,930,000.00
                                                                  (III) Profit distribution                                      –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –    201,498,558.68    -2,094,727,788.68   -1,893,229,230.00
                                                                           1． Appropriation of surplus
                                                                                   reserve                                       –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –    201,498,558.68     -201,498,558.68                    –
                                                                           2． Distribution to owners (or
                                                                                   shareholders)                                 –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –   -1,800,269,230.00   -1,800,269,230.00
                                                                           3．Others                                              –             –                      –            –                   –                 –                –               –                  –     -92,960,000.00       -92,960,000.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                                 Other equity instruments                                                             Other                                                                       Total
                                                                                 Paid-in capital    Preference              Perpetual                             Capital   Less: treasury    comprehensive           Special            Surplus          Retained              owners’
                     ITEM                                                      (or share capital)      shares                  bonds           Others             reserve            stocks          income           reserve            reserve           earnings              equity


                            (IV) Internal transfer of owners’ equity                           –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    1． Transfer of capital reserve
                                           into capital (or share capital)                     –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    2． Transfer of surplus reserve
                                            into capital (or share capital)                    –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    3． Recover of loss by surplus
                                            reserve                                            –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    4． Changes in defined benefit
                                            plan transferred to retained
                                            earnings                                           –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    5． Other comprehensive income
                                            transferred to retained
                                            earnings                                           –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                                    6． Others                                                  –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –                  –                   –
                            (V)     Special reserve                                            –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –    -9,297,851.75                  –                  –       -9,297,851.75
                                    1． Appropriated in current
                                            period                                             –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –   20,024,118.55                   –                  –       20,024,118.55
                                    2． Use in current period                                   –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –   -29,321,970.30                  –                  –      -29,321,970.30
                            (VI) Others                                                        –             –                      –               –                   –                 –                –                –                  –       6,713,906.80        6,713,906.80


                     IV           Closing balance during the period           10,589,819,000.00              –      2,500,000,000.00                –   16,475,484,417.81                 –   -16,955,100.80   17,065,439.52    2,482,496,646.28   2,192,156,362.38   34,240,066,765.19


                                      Person-in-charge of the Company:                                                                      Chief Financial Officer:                                           Head of Accounting Department:
                                                              Lou Qiliang                                                                          Li Lianqing                                                                  Liu Huafeng




Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          January to December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED)




297
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      III. CORPORATE INFORMATION
            1.      Company Profile

                     ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                    China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock company limited
                    liability company jointly sponsored on 29 December 2010 by China Railway Signal and Communication (Group)
                    Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “CRSC Group”) as the promoter, in association with China
                    National Machinery Industry Corporation, China Chengtong Holdings Group Ltd., China Reform Holdings
                    Corporation Ltd., and CICC Jiacheng Investment Management Co., Ltd. (these four companies are collectively
                    referred to as the “Other Promoters”) approved by the State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                    Commission of the State Council (國 務 院 國 有 資 產 監 督 管 理 委 員 會) (the “SASAC”) via Guo Zi Gai Ge [2010]
                    No. 876 on 17 August 2010 in accordance with the relevant provisions of laws and administrative regulations
                    of the PRC. The Company’s headquarters are at 20th floor of Block A, CRSC Building, 1 Compound Automobile
                    Museum South Road, Fengtai District, Beijing. The Company’s headquarters are at 20th floor of Block A, CRSC
                    Building, 1 Compound Automobile Museum South Road, Fengtai District, Beijing.


                    Upon approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s Reply on Issuance of Overseas Listed Foreign
                    Shares by China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2015] No. 1630), the
                    Company has issued 1,789,819,000 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1 each at an issue price of HK$6.30
                    per share that were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from July to September 2015. The total amount
                    of funds raised before deducting the issuance expenses was approximately HK$11,275,859,700 and such H
                    Shares commenced for trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in August and September
                    2015. The Company’s four state-owned shareholders, CRSC Group, China National Machinery Industry
                    Corporation, China Chengtong Holdings Group Ltd. and China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd., converted a
                    total of 178,982,000 state-owned legal person shares to H Shares during August and September 2015, which
                    were then transferred to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the People’s Republic of China.


                    According to the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s Approval for Consent to the Registration of China
                    Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited’s Initial Public Offering (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No.
                    1135), as of 16 July 2019, the Company has issued 1,800,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of
                    RMB1 each at an issue price of RMB5.85 per share that were listed on the Sci-Tech innovation board of
                    the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The total amount of funds raised before deduction of issuance expenses
                    was RMB10,530,000,000.00 and such ordinary shares were commenced for trading on the Shanghai Stock
                    Exchange’s Sci-Tech innovation board on 22 July 2019.




298      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




III. CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   (I)   Company Profile (Continued)

         As of 31 December 2025, the Company has accumulatively issued a total issued share capital of 10,589,819,000
         shares with the accumulated share capital amounting RMB10,589,819,000.


         The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Company”) are mainly engaged in the
         following businesses: design and integration of rail transportation control system which mainly include the
         provision of comprehensive planning for investigation, design and control systems for rail transportation control
         system; equipment manufacturing of rail transportation control system which mainly includes production and
         sales of signal systems, communication systems, infrastructure equipment, information systems and other
         products; and system implementation services for rail transportation control system which include provision of
         construction, installation, testing, operation and maintenance services for rail transportation control system; and
         provision of services relating to municipal engineering projects and other construction projects.


         The parent company and the ultimate controlling party of the Company is CRSC Group based in the PRC.


         The financial statements were approved by resolution by the Board of Directors of the Company on 24 March
         2026.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         299
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      III. CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Scope of consolidated financial statements

                    As of 31 December 2025, the subsidiaries of the Company within the scope of consolidated financial statements
                    are as follows:


                    No.    Level      Name of subsidiary                                                   Abbreviation of subsidiary


                    1      2          Beijing CRSC Research & Design Institute Group Co., Ltd.             CRSCD
                    2      2          CRSC Cables Company Ltd.                                             CRSC Cables
                    3      2          CRSC Jishou Huatai Pipeline Project Management Co., Ltd.             CRSC Huatai
                    4      2          CRSC Jishou Tengda Project Management Co., Ltd.                      CRSC Tengda
                    5      2          CRSC (Beijing) Materials Co., Ltd.                                   Beijing Materials
                    6      2          CRSC (Xi’ an) Rail Industry Group Co., Ltd.                          CRSC Xi’an Industry Group
                    7      2          CRSC (Changsha) Rail Transit Control Technology Company              CRSC Changsha Railway
                                        Limited
                    8      2          Tonghao (Zhengzhou) Electrification Bureau Group Co., Ltd.           Electrification Bureau
                    9      2          CASCO Signal Co., Ltd.                                               CASCO
                    10     2          CRSC International Holdings Company Limited                          CRSC International Holdings
                    11     2          CRSC (Jiangsu) Smart City Construction & Development Co., Ltd. CRSC Jiangsu Smart
                    12     2          CRSC Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.                                 Innovation Investment
                    13     2          CRSC Engineering Group Company Ltd.                                  CRSCE
                    14     2          CRSC Construction Group Co., Ltd.                                    CRSC Construction
                    15     2          CRSC Communication & Information Group Company Ltd.                  CRSCC
                    16     2          CRSC Urban Rail Transit Technology Co., Ltd.                         Urban Rail Transit
                    17     2          China Railway Signal & Communication Shanghai Engineering            Shanghai Engineering
                                        Bureau Group Co., Ltd.                                             Bureau
                    18     2          CRSC Group Finance Limited                                           CRSC Finance
                    19     2          CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                   CRSC Low-Altitude
                                                                                                           Intelligent
                    20     2          CRSC (Suzhou) Transportation Technology Co., Ltd.                    CRSC Suzhou


                    For relevant details of subsidiaries of the Company, please refer to Note “X. Interests in Other Entities”.


                    For details of changes in the scope of consolidation during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note “IX.
                    Changes on Scope of Consolidation”.




300      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




IV. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (I)     Basis of preparation

             The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business
             Enterprises – Basic Standards and all the specific accounting standards, Application Guidance to the
             Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the Accounting Standards for Business
             Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter referred to as the “Accounting Standards for Business
             Enterprises”), as well as the relevant provisions of the Rules for the Compilation and Submission of Information
             Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No.15 – General Requirements for Financial Reports
             issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Furthermore, the financial statements also comply with
             the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited and the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     (II)    Going concern

              ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


             The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


             It is evaluated that the Company has no significant event, which may raise any serious doubt about the going-
             concern ability, within 12 months from the end of the reporting period.


V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES
     Tips for specific accounting policies and accounting estimates:


      ✓     Applicable          Not Applicable


     The following disclosures have covered the specific accounting policies and estimates formulated by the Company
     according to its actual production and operation features.


     (I)     Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises

             The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by
             the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated and the company’s financial position
             of the Company as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated and the company’s financial performance and
             cash flows for the year then ended.


     (II)    Accounting period

             The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        301
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (III)   Operating cycle

                       ✓     Applicable        Not Applicable


                      The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.


              (IV)    Functional currency

                      RMB is adopted as the Company’s functional currency.


              (V)     Method for determining materiality criteria and selection basis

                       ✓     Applicable        Not Applicable


                      Item                                               Materiality criteria


                      Material accounts receivable with bad debt         Individual accounts receivable and other receivables
                        provision on individual basis                        exceed 1% of net assets.
                      Material accounts payable aged over 1 year or      Top five accounts payable with aging over one year or
                        overdue                                          overdue
                      Material contract liabilities aged over 1 year     Top five contract liabilities with aging over one year
                      Other material payables aged over 1 year           Top five other payables with aging over one year
                                                                         Cumulative investment amount in a single project
                      Material construction in progress                  exceeding RMB100 million
                      Cash received from material investing activities   Individual investment amount exceeding 1% of net assets
                      Cash payments relating to material investing
                        activities                                       Individual investment amount exceeding 1% of net assets
                                                                         Net assets of a subsidiary exceeding 3% of the Group’s
                      Significant non-wholly owned subsidiaries          net assets
                                                                         Long-term equity investment in a single investee
                      Significant joint ventures or associates           exceeding 1% of net assets




302        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (VI)   Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under and not under
            common control

             ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


            Business combination under common control: Assets and liabilities acquired from business combination by the
            acquirer (including the goodwill formed by the ultimate controller’s acquisition of the acquiree) are measured at
            the carrying amount of assets and liabilities of the acquiree in the financial statements of the ultimate controller
            on the combination date. Capital stock premium in the capital reserves should be adjusted according to the
            difference between the carrying amount of net asset acquired from the combination and that of consideration
            (total face value of the shares issued) paid for the combination. In case the capital stock premium is not enough,
            the retained earnings need to be adjusted.


            For the business combination not under common control, the combination costs are the fair value, on the
            acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity securities issued
            by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The Company shall recognize the
            difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired from the
            acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in short of the
            fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable
            assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained from combination and satisfying the
            recognition criteria shall be measured at their fair values.


            Direct expenses arising from the business combination shall be included in current profit or loss on the
            occurrence date. Transaction expenses on equity or debt securities issued by the acquirer for the purpose of
            the combination consideration shall be included in the initially recognized amount of equity or debt securities.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         303
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (VII)   Judgment criteria of control and preparation method of consolidated financial
                      statements

                       ✓   Applicable             Not Applicable


                      1.     Judgment criteria of control

                             The scope of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements of the Company is determined
                             based on control, including the Company and all its subsidiaries. Control means the Company has the
                             power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities related to the
                             investee, and has the ability to the Company’s return by using the power over the investee.


                      2.     Consolidation procedure

                             The Company deems the whole enterprise group as a single accounting entity and prepares
                             consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect the overall
                             financial position, operating results and cash flows. The influence of internal transactions between
                             the Company and its subsidiaries and between subsidiaries shall be offset. When internal trading
                             indicates that related assets are impaired, they will be fully recognized. If the accounting policy and
                             the accounting period adopted by a subsidiary are inconsistent with that of the Company, in preparing
                             consolidated financial statements, necessary adjustments shall be made in accordance with the
                             Company’s accounting policy and accounting period.


                             The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss, and current comprehensive income of
                             subsidiaries attributable to non-controlling interests shall be respectively and separately listed in the
                             shareholders’ equity of the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit and the total comprehensive
                             income item of the consolidated income statement. If the share of the current losses attributable to the
                             non-controlling interests of a subsidiary exceeds the share of the shareholders’ equity attributable to
                             non-controlling interests of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, the balance is allocated against
                             the non-controlling interests.


                             (1)    Increase of subsidiaries or business

                                    During the Reporting Period, if a subsidiary or business is included as a result of a business
                                    combination under the same control, the operating results and cash flows of the subsidiary
                                    or business combination from the beginning of the period to the end of the reporting year are
                                    included in the consolidated financial statements, while the beginning of the consolidated
                                    financial statements and the related items in the comparative statements are adjusted as if the
                                    consolidated reporting entity had existed since the point when the ultimate controller began to
                                    control it.




304        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (VII)   Judgment criteria of control and preparation method of consolidated financial
             statements

             2.   Consolidation procedure (Continued)

                  (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business (Continued)

                        If the Company is able to exercise control over an investee under the same control due to
                        additional investment, etc., equity investments held before the control over the combinee is
                        obtained, the related gains and losses, other comprehensive income as well as other changes
                        in net assets recognized from the later of the date when the original equity is obtained or the
                        date when the acquirer and the acquiree are under the same control, to the combination date
                        will respectively write down the retained earnings or current profit or loss in the comparative
                        statements.


                        During the Reporting Period, if the Company acquires subsidiaries or business from the business
                        combination not under common control, such subsidiaries or business shall be included in
                        consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date at the fair value of identifiable assets,
                        liabilities and contingent liabilities determined on the acquisition date.


                        If there is control over the investee not under the common control due to additional investments
                        or other reasons, for the equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition date, the Company will
                        re-measure the equity on the acquisition date at its fair value and include the difference between
                        the fair value and carrying amount in current investment income. Other comprehensive income
                        and other changes in shareholders’ equity under the equity method that are involved in the equity
                        of the acquiree held prior to the acquisition date and can be reclassified into profit or loss later
                        are transferred to investment income of the period to which the acquisition date belongs.


                  (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries

                        ①      General method of disposal


                               For the remaining equity investments after the disposal, the Company will re-measure
                               the same at the fair value on the date when it loses control over the investee due to
                               disposal of partial equity investment or other reasons. The sum of the consideration of
                               equity disposal and the fair value of the remaining equity, less the sum of the share of net
                               assets of the subsidiary attributable to the Company calculated continuously since the
                               acquisition date or the combination date according to the original shareholding ratio and
                               the goodwill, shall be included in the investment income for this period when the control
                               is lost. Other comprehensive income and other changes in shareholders’ equity under the
                               equity method that are related to the equity investment of original subsidiaries and can
                               be reclassified into profit or loss later are transferred to investment income for this period
                               upon the loss of control power.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         305
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (VII)   Judgment criteria of control and preparation method of consolidated financial
                      statements

                      2.     Consolidation procedure (Continued)

                             (2)    Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)

                                    ②       Disposal of subsidiaries by stages


                                            Where the Company disposes the equity investments in subsidiary through multiple
                                            transactions and by stages until it loses the control, if the effect of the disposal on the
                                            terms and conditions of all transactions of equity investments in subsidiary and economic
                                            effect meet one or more of the following circumstance, it usually indicates that the
                                            multiple transactions should be accounted for as a package deal:


                                            i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration of
                                                   mutual effect;


                                            ii.    The transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;


                                            iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of at least one other transactions;


                                            iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                                                   together with other transactions.


                                            If the transactions for the disposal of equity investment in subsidiaries that leads to
                                            the loss of control are under a package of transactions, the Company treats all such
                                            transactions as one transaction through which the Company disposes of its equity in
                                            the subsidiary and loses its control over such subsidiary; the difference between the
                                            proceeds from each transaction before the Company loses its control over the subsidiary
                                            and the corresponding share in the net assets of the subsidiary of the disposed-of
                                            investment shall be recognized as other comprehensive income in the consolidated
                                            financial statements, and shall be included into the loss and profit in this period when the
                                            Company loses its control over the subsidiary.


                                            If the transactions are not package transactions, before the control loses, related policies
                                            governing the partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing
                                            control will apply; when the control loses, general accounting method for the disposal of
                                            subsidiaries will govern.




306        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (VII)   Judgment criteria of control and preparation method of consolidated financial
             statements

             2.   Consolidation procedure (Continued)

                  (3)   Purchase of non-controlling interests of subsidiary

                        The difference between long-term equity investments acquired by the Company through
                        purchase of minority interest and the subsidiary’s identifiable net assets attributable to the
                        Company calculated continuously from the acquisition date (or the combination date) in
                        accordance with the increased shareholding ratio shall be charged against stock premium within
                        capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet; when stock premium within capital reserves is
                        insufficient to offset, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.


                  (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control

                        Share premium in the capital reserve under the consolidated balance sheet will be adjusted at
                        the difference between the proceeds achieved from the partial disposal of equity investments
                        in subsidiaries and the share of net assets of subsidiaries attributable to the Company
                        corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments and calculated constantly from the
                        acquisition date or combination date without losing the control rights. Where the share premium
                        in capital reserve is insufficient to offset, retained earnings will be adjusted.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      307
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (VIII)   Classification of joint venture arrangements and accounting treatment methods of
                       joint operation

                        ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                       Joint venture arrangements are classified into joint operation and joint venture.


                       Joint operation refers to those joint venture arrangements under which the joint venturer is entitled to relevant
                       assets and be responsible for relevant liabilities.


                       The Company recognizes the following items relating to the interests share in joint operation:


                       (1)    Assets it solely holds and its share of jointly-held assets based on its percentage;


                       (2)    Liabilities it solely assumes and its share of jointly-assumed liabilities based on its percentage;


                       (3)    Incomes from sale of output enjoyed by it from the joint operation;


                       (4)    Income from selling the production of the joint operation recognized based on the shares held by the
                              Company；


                       (5)    Separate costs and costs for the joint operation based on the shares held by the Company.


                       The Company’s investments in its joint ventures are calculated under the equity method. For details, please
                       refer to “Note V. (XIX) Long-term equity investments”.




308        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (IX)   Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents

            Cash refers to the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer to the short-
            term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject
            to an insignificant risk of change in value.


     (X)    Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency financial
            statements

             ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


            1.     Foreign currency transactions

                   Foreign currency transactions are converted into RMB for recording purpose at the spot exchange rate
                   prevailing on the transaction date.


                   The balance of foreign currency monetary items as at the balance sheet date are translated at the
                   spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date and the exchange differences arising therefrom shall
                   be included in the current profit or loss, except those exchange differences arising from the special
                   borrowings of foreign currency related to the acquired and constructed assets qualified for capitalization
                   that will be capitalized at the borrowing expenses.


            2.     Conversion of foreign currency financial statements

                   The assets and liability items in the balance sheet shall be converted at the spot exchange rates on
                   the balance sheet date. For shareholders’ equity items, except for the item of “retained earnings”,
                   other items are translated at the spot exchange rates when the transactions occur. The income and
                   expenses in the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on the date when
                   transactions occur.


                   Where the Company disposes of an overseas business, it shall transfer the exchange difference relating
                   to the overseas business to the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         309
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XI)    Financial instruments

                       ✓    Applicable             Not Applicable


                      When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset or financial
                      liability or an equity instrument.


                     1.      Classification

                              Based on the business model of managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics
                              of financial assets, the Company classifies upon initial recognition financial assets into financial assets
                              measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                              income, and financial assets measured at fair value through current profit or loss.


                              The Company classifies financial assets that are not designated as those measured at fair value through
                              current profit or loss as financial assets measured at amortized cost if they both meet the following
                              conditions:


                              –       A business model is to collect contractual cash flows;


                              –       The contractual terms are only payments of principal and interest based on the outstanding
                                      principal.


                              The Company classifies as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income financial
                              assets (debt instruments) that are not designated those measured at fair value through current profit or
                              loss if they meet the following criteria:


                              –       The business model is both to collect the contractual cash flows and to sell the financial asset;


                              –       The contractual terms are only payments of principal and interest based on the outstanding
                                      principal.


                              For investments in equity instrument not held for trading, the Company will upon initial recognition
                              designate them as financial assets (equity instrument) measured at fair value through other
                              comprehensive income. This designation is made on an individual investment basis and the related
                              investment meets the definition of an equity instrument from the perspective of the issuer.




310        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XI)   Financial instruments (Continued)

            1.   Classification (Continued)

                 The Company classifies financial assets except financial assets measured at amortized cost and
                 financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, as financial assets
                 measured at fair value through current profit or loss. On initial recognition, if it can eliminate or
                 significantly reduce accounting mismatch, the Company irrevocably designates some financial assets
                 that should be measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as
                 financial assets at fair value through current profit or loss.


                 Financial liabilities at their initial recognition, are divided into the financial liabilities measured at fair
                 value through current profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.


                 Financial liabilities meeting one of the following conditions can, at the time carrying out the initial
                 recognition, be designated to the financial liabilities measured at fair value through the current profit or
                 loss:


                 1)      The designation eliminates or significantly reduces accounting mismatches.


                 2)      Management and performance evaluation of the financial liability portfolio or portfolio of financial
                         assets and financial liabilities on a fair value basis in accordance with the enterprise risk
                         management or investment strategy as set out in a formal written document, and reporting to key
                         officers on this basis within the Company.


                 3)      The financial liability contains embedded derivative needed to be separated.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          311
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XI)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                     2.      Recognition basis and measurement method

                             (1)    Financial assets measured at amortized cost

                                    Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable, accounts receivable, other
                                    receivables, long-term receivables, and debt investments, etc., which are initially measured at
                                    fair value, and related transaction expenses are included in the amount upon initial recognition;
                                    accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component and that the Company
                                    decides not to consider those with a financing component not exceeding one year are initially
                                    measured at the contract transaction price.


                                    During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method shall be
                                    included in the current profit or loss.


                                    Upon recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the carrying
                                    amount of such financial asset is included in current profit or loss.


                             (2)    Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other
                                    comprehensive income

                                    Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                    include financing of accounts receivable, other debt investments, etc., which are initially
                                    measured at fair value, and related transaction expenses are included in the initial recognition
                                    amount. The financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value,
                                    except for interest calculated with the effective interest method, impairment or gains and
                                    exchange gains and losses, shall be included in other comprehensive income.


                                    At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive
                                    income will be transferred from the other comprehensive income to current profit or loss.




312        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XI)   Financial instruments (Continued)

            2.   Recognition basis and measurement method (Continued)

                 (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income

                       Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                       income, including investments in other equity instruments are initially measured at fair value,
                       and related transaction expenses are included in the initial recognition amount. The financial
                       assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value shall be included in other
                       comprehensive income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.


                       When a financial asset is derecognized, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in
                       other comprehensive income shall be transferred from other comprehensive income and included
                       in retained earnings.


                 (4)   Financial assets measured at fair values through current profit or loss

                       Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss include financial liabilities
                       held for trading, derivative financial liabilities and other non-current financial assets, and are
                       measured at fair value upon initial recognition, with the related transaction expenses being
                       included into current profit or loss. The financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
                       Changes in fair value shall be included in current profit or loss.


                 (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss

                       Financial liabilities measured at fair value through current profit or loss include financial liabilities
                       held for trading, derivative financial liabilities etc., which are initially measured at fair value, and
                       related transaction expenses are included in current profit or loss. The financial liabilities are
                       subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value shall be included in current profit or
                       loss.


                       Difference between the fair value and the consideration paid is included in investment income
                       upon derecognition.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          313
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XI)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                     2.      Recognition basis and measurement method (Continued)

                             (6)    Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

                                    Financial assets measured at amortized cost include short-term borrowings, notes receivable,
                                    accounts receivable, other receivables, long-term borrowings, bonds payable, long-term
                                    payables, etc., which are initially measured at fair value, and related transaction expenses are
                                    included in the amount upon initial recognition.


                                    During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method shall be
                                    included in the current profit or loss.


                                    Difference between the consideration paid and the fair value of such financial liabilities is
                                    included in current profit or loss upon derecognition.


                     3.      Recognition basis and measurement method of derecognition and transfer of
                             financial assets

                             The Company will terminate the recognition of the financial assets if:


                             –      Where the contractual rights for collecting the cash flow of the said financial asset are terminated;


                             –      The financial asset has been transferred, and nearly all the risks and rewards associated with
                                    ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the transferee;


                             –      The financial asset has been transferred and the company has neither transferred nor retained
                                    nearly all the risks and rewards associated with the ownership of the financial asset but does not
                                    retain the control over the financial asset.


                             In the event of a transfer of financial asset, the Company shall not de-recognize the financial asset if
                             nearly all the risks and rewards associated with the ownership of the financial assets are retained.




314        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                       RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XI)   Financial instruments (Continued)

            3.   Recognition basis and measurement method of derecognition and transfer of
                 financial assets (Continued)

                 The principle of substance over form is adopted to determine whether a financial asset meets the above
                 de-recognition conditions for the financial asset.


                 The transfer of a financial asset of the Company is classified into the entire transfer and the partial
                 transfer of financial asset. If the entire transfer of financial asset satisfies the criteria for de-recognition,
                 the difference between the amounts of the following two items shall be included in the current profit or
                 loss:


                 (1)     The carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;


                 (2)     The sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the accumulated amount of the
                         changes in fair value originally and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial
                         asset transferred is a financial asset (debt instrument) measured at fair value through other
                         comprehensive income is involved).


                 If the partial transfer of financial asset satisfies the criteria for derecognition, the entire carrying amount
                 of the transferred financial asset shall be split into the derecognized and recognized parts according to
                 their respective fair values and the difference between the amounts of the following two items shall be
                 included in the current profit or loss:


                 (1)     The carrying amount of derecognized part;


                 (2)     The sum of the consideration received from the derecognition and the amount of the
                         derecognized part in the accumulated amount of the changes in fair value originally and directly
                         included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial asset transferred is a financial asset (debt
                         instrument) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is involved).


                 Where the financial assets transfer does not meet the derecognition conditions, the financial asset will
                 be recognized and the consideration received is recognized as a financial liability.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          315
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XI)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                     4.      Derecognition of financial liabilities

                             A financial liability shall be wholly or partly derecognized if its present obligations are wholly or partly
                             dissolved. Where the Company enters into an agreement with a creditor so as to substitute the existing
                             financial liabilities with any new financial liability, and the new financial liability is substantially different
                             from the contractual stipulations regarding the existing financial liability, it shall derecognize the existing
                             financial liability, and recognize a new one at the same time.


                             Where substantive changes are made to the contractual terms of an existing financial liability in whole
                             or in part, the existing financial liability or part thereof will be derecognized, and the financial liability the
                             terms of which have been modified will be recognized as a new financial liability.


                             Where financial liabilities are de-recognized in whole or in part, the difference between the carrying
                             amount of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets
                             transferred out or new financial liabilities borne) shall be included in the current profit or loss.


                             Where the Company repurchases part of a financial liability, the entire carrying amount of the financial
                             liability shall be split into the derecognized part and continuously-recognized part according to their
                             respective relatively fair values on the repurchase date. The difference between the carrying amount
                             of the derecognized part and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets surrendered or new
                             financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in the current profit or loss.


                     5.      Determination method for the fair value of financial assets and financial
                             liabilities

                             Fair value of a financial instrument having an active market is determined on the basis of quoted prices
                             in the active market. The fair value of a financial instrument, for which there is no active market, is
                             determined by using valuation techniques. At the time of valuation, the Company adopts the valuation
                             techniques that are applicable in the current situation and supported by enough available data and
                             other information, selects the input values that are consistent with the features of assets or liabilities as
                             considered by market participants in relevant asset or liability transactions, and gives priority to use
                             relevant observable inputs. Unobservable input values are used only when relevant observable input
                             values cannot be available or such values obtained are infeasible.




316        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XI)   Financial instruments (Continued)

            6.   Testing method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets

                 The Company adopts impairment accounting treatment based on expected credit losses for financial
                 assets measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                 income (debt instruments), and financial guarantee contracts, etc.


                 The Company considers reasonable and reliable information, including relevant past events, current
                 conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions, weights the probability of default, calculates the
                 probability-weighted present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows receivable and
                 the expected cash flows to be received, and recognizes expected credit losses.


                 For trade receivables and contract assets arising from transactions within the scope of Accounting
                 Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue, regardless of whether they contain a significant
                 financing component, the Company always measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to the
                 expected credit losses over the entire contractual term.


                 For lease receivables arising from transactions within the scope of Accounting Standards for Business
                 Enterprises No. 21 – Leases, the Company elects to always measure the loss allowance at an amount
                 equal to the expected credit losses over the entire contractual term.


                 For other financial instruments, the Company assesses the changes in credit risk of the relevant financial
                 instruments since initial recognition on each balance sheet date.


                 The Company determines the relative change in the default risk of the financial instrument over its
                 expected life by comparing the default risk of the financial instrument on the balance sheet date with
                 that on the initial recognition date, so as to assess whether the credit risk of the financial instrument has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition. Generally, if a financial instrument is overdue for more
                 than 30 days, the Company considers that the credit risk of such financial instrument has increased
                 significantly, unless there is conclusive evidence proving that the credit risk of the financial instrument
                 has not increased significantly since initial recognition.


                 If the credit risk of a financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company considers that
                 the credit risk of such financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        317
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XI)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                     6.      Testing method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets

                             If the credit risk of the financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the
                             Company measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the entire
                             contractual term of the financial instrument; if the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased
                             significantly since initial recognition, the Company measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to
                             the expected credit losses within the next 12 months of the financial instrument. The increase or reversal
                             of the loss allowance arising therefrom is recognized as impairment loss or gain in profit or loss for the
                             current period. For financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt
                             instruments), the loss allowance is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the impairment loss
                             or gain is recognized in profit or loss for the current period without reducing the carrying amount of the
                             financial asset presented in the balance sheet.


                             Except for the aforementioned trade receivables for which bad debt allowances are provided on an
                             individual basis, the Company classifies the remaining financial instruments into several groups based
                             on credit risk characteristics and determines the expected credit losses on a group basis. The group
                             categories and determination bases for the Company to accrue expected credit losses for notes
                             receivable, accounts receivable, accounts receivable financing, other receivables, contract assets, long-
                             term receivables, etc., are as follows:


                                                             Portfolio
                             Item                            category        Basis for determination


                             Accounts receivable, other      Ageing          Expected credit losses are calculated based on historical
                               receivables, contract            portfolio       credit loss experience, adjusted for current conditions
                               assets, long-term                                and forecasts of future economic conditions, by
                               receivables, etc.                                applying the default exposure and the expected credit
                                                                                loss rate over the entire lifetime
                             Bill receivables, receivables   Bill type       Expected credit losses are calculated based on historical
                               financing                                        credit loss experience, adjusted for current conditions
                                                                                and forecasts of future economic conditions, by
                                                                                applying the default exposure and the expected credit
                                                                                loss rate over the entire lifetime


                             When the Company no longer reasonably expects the contractual cash flows of a financial asset to be
                             recovered in whole or in part, it directly writes down the gross carrying amount of that financial asset.




318        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XII)   Bill receivables

              ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


             Portfolio categories and basis for determining loss allowance measured on a portfolio basis according to credit
             risk characteristics


              ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


             For details of the portfolio categories and the basis for determining the loss allowance measured on a portfolio
             basis according to credit risk characteristics, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V
             “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


             Ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based on ageing


              ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


             For details of the ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based
             on ageing, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and
             Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


             Criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis


              ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


             For details of the criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial
             Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial
             Report” in this report.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         319
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XIII)   Accounts receivable

                        ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                       Portfolio categories and basis for determining loss allowance measured on a portfolio basis according to credit
                       risk characteristics


                        ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                       For details of the portfolio categories and the basis for determining the loss allowance measured on a portfolio
                       basis according to credit risk characteristics, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V
                       “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


                       Ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based on ageing


                        ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                       For details of the ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based
                       on ageing, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and
                       Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


                       Criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis


                        ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                       For details of the criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial
                       Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial
                       Report” in this report.




320        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XIV) Receivables financing

           ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


          Portfolio categories and basis for determining loss allowance measured on a portfolio basis according to credit
          risk characteristics


           ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


          For details of the portfolio categories and the basis for determining the loss allowance measured on a portfolio
          basis according to credit risk characteristics, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V
          “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


          Ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based on ageing


           ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


          For details of the ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based
          on ageing, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and
          Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


          Criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis


           ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


          For details of the criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial
          Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial
          Report” in this report.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         321
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XV) Other receivables

                       ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                      Portfolio categories and basis for determining loss allowance measured on a portfolio basis according to credit
                      risk characteristics


                       ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                      For details of the portfolio categories and the basis for determining the loss allowance measured on a portfolio
                      basis according to credit risk characteristics, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V
                      “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


                      Ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based on ageing


                       ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                      For details of the ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based
                      on ageing, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and
                      Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial Report” in this report.


                      Criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis


                       ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                      For details of the criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis, please refer to Note (XI) “Financial
                      Instruments” in Section V “Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” of Section IX “Financial
                      Report” in this report.




322        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XVI) Inventories

           ✓   Applicable          Not Applicable


          1.    Classification and cost of inventories

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                Inventories are classified into stock commodities, contract performance cost, dispatched goods, etc.


                Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement cost,
                processing cost and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present location and
                condition.


          2.    Measurement method of dispatched inventories

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                Inventories that belong to contract performance costs (expenses incurred for unfinished business
                information services and Internet technology services) are measured at the specific method; Stock
                commodities and dispatched commodities are measured at the individual measurement method and the
                weighted average method.


          3.    Inventory system

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                Perpetual inventory system is adopted.


          4.    Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                (1)      Low-cost consumables: lump-sum amortization method;


                (2)      Packaging materials are amortized at lump-sum method.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    323
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XVI) Inventories (Continued)

                     5.      Recognition basis of the net realizable value of different types of inventories

                              ✓    Applicable             Not Applicable


                             On the balance sheet date, the inventories shall be valuated at the lower of their costs or net realizable
                             values. When the inventory costs are higher than the net realizable values, the provision for inventory
                             depreciation reserves shall be made. The net realizable values of inventories refer to the amounts of
                             the estimated selling prices of inventories minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling
                             expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges.


                             In normal operation process, for merchandise inventories held directly for sale, including finished
                             goods, stock commodities and held-for-sale materials, their net realizable values are determined at the
                             estimated selling prices minus the estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges; in
                             normal production and operation process, for material inventories that need further processing, their
                             net realizable values are determined at the estimated selling prices of finished goods minus estimated
                             costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges; for inventories held
                             to execute sales contract or service contract, their net realizable values are calculated on the basis of
                             contract price. If the quantities of inventories held by the Company are more than those specified in
                             sales contracts, the net realizable value of the excess portion of inventories are calculated on the basis
                             of general selling prices.


                             After the provisions for the inventory depreciation are made, the factors causing any write-down of
                             inventory value have disappeared, leading to the net realizable values of inventories higher than its
                             carrying amount, the amount of write-down shall be resumed and be reversed from the original provision
                             for inventory devaluation with the reversal being included in current profit or loss.




324        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XVII)   Contract assets

               ✓   Applicable          Not Applicable


              1.    Recognition method and standards for contractual assets

                     ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                    The Company presents contractual assets or contractual liabilities in the balance sheet based on
                    the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments. If the
                    Company has transferred the right to receive consideration for goods transferred or services provided
                    to customers and the right depends on factors other than the passage of time, it is presented as a
                    contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract are presented by
                    their net amounts. The Company’s unconditional (only subject to the passage of time) rights to receive
                    consideration from customers are individually presented as receivables.


              2.    Determination method and accounting treatment of expected credit losses of
                    contractual assets

                     ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                    The method of determining expected credit losses and accounting treatment for contract assets are
                    detailed in Note “V(XI)6. Methods of testing and accounting for impairment of financial assets”.


                    Ageing calculation method for portfolios with credit risk characteristics determined based on ageing

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                    Criteria for assessing loss allowance on an individual basis

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     325
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XVIII)   Assets held for sale and Discontinued operations

                         ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                        Criteria for classification and accounting treatment of non-current assets classified as held for sale or disposal
                        groups

                         ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                        Where the Company recovers the carrying amount of any non-current asset or disposed asset portfolio mainly
                        through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with commercial essence) but not continuously
                        using the same, such non-current asset or disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.


                        The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the following conditions at
                        the same time as assets held for sale:


                        (1)    According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset portfolio in the similar
                               transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in the prevailing circumstance;


                        (2)    The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the Company has made a
                               resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided purchase commitment, and it is estimated
                               that the sale will be completed within one year. Where the sale is subject to the approval of relevant
                               authorities or regulatory authorities of the Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has
                               been obtained.


                        For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets and the assets arising from employee
                        compensation) or disposed asset portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its carrying amount is higher
                        than the net amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the carrying amount shall be written down to the
                        net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be recognized as the
                        losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss, while the provision for impairment of
                        assets held for sale is made.




326        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XVIII)   Assets held for sale and Discontinued operations (Continued)

               Criteria for classification and accounting treatment of non-current assets classified as held for sale or disposal
               groups

                ✓    Applicable           Not Applicable


               Discontinued operations refer to the component meeting any of the following conditions that can be separately
               distinguished and that has been disposed by the Company or classified as held for sale by the Company:


               (1)    The component represents an independent major business or a sole major business area;


               (2)    The component is a part of a related plan on intended disposal of an independent major business or a
                      sole major business area; or


               (3)    The component is a subsidiary acquired only for re-sale.


               Profit or loss from continued operation and profit or loss from discontinued operation are listed respectively in
               the income statement. Loss from discontinued operation, reversed amount and other profit or loss from operation
               as well as the profit or loss from disposal are presented as the profit or loss from discontinued operation.
               For the discontinued operation presented in the current period, the Company presents the information which
               has originally presented as the profit or loss from continued operation as the profit or loss from discontinued
               operation for the comparable accounting period in the financial statements for the current period.


     (XIX) Long-term equity investments

                ✓    Applicable           Not Applicable


               1.     Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence

                      Common control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the relevant
                      stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement should not be made before
                      the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the Company and other investors exert
                      common control over the investee and the Company is entitled to net assets of the investee, the investee
                      is the joint venture of the Company.


                      Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial and operating
                      policies of the investee, but not the power to control, or jointly control, the formulation of such policies
                      with other parties. Where the Company is able to have significant influences on an investee, the investee
                      is its associate.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         327
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XIX) Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                     2.      Determination of initial investment costs

                             (1)    A long-term equity investment as a result of business combination

                                    For long-term equity investments acquired from business combinations under common control,
                                    the investment initial cost thereof shall be recognized at the share of carrying amount of the
                                    shareholders’ equity of the acquiree in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate
                                    controller on the acquisition date. The capital premium in the capital reserve is adjusted
                                    according to the difference between the initial investment cost of long-term equity investment
                                    and the carrying amount of consideration. If the capital premium in the capital reserves is
                                    insufficient to cover the difference, the retained earnings shall be adjusted. In case the Company
                                    can exercise control over the investee under common control for additional investment or other
                                    reasons, the share premium will be adjusted at the difference between the initial investment cost
                                    of long-term equity investments recognized in accordance with the above principles and the sum
                                    of the carrying amount of long-term equity investments before the combination plus the carrying
                                    amount of the new consideration paid for further acquisition of shares on the combination date. If
                                    the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained earnings will be offset.


                                    For long-term equity investment as a result of business combination not under common control,
                                    the Company determines the combination cost determined on the purchase date as the initial
                                    cost of long-term equity investments. Where additional investment or other reasons make the
                                    control over the investee not under the same control possible, the initial investment cost will be
                                    the sum of the carrying amount of the equity investments previously held and the newly increased
                                    investment costs.


                             (2)    Long-term equity investments obtained by means other than business combination

                                    For long-term equity investments acquired from cash payment, the initial investment cost is the
                                    actually paid purchasing cost.


                                    For a long-term equity investment acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial cost is
                                    the fair value of the issued equity securities.




328        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XIX) Long-term equity investments (Continued)

          3.   Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses

               (1)   Long-term equity investments calculated under cost method

                     Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted for at cost,
                     unless the investments meet the conditions for holding for sale. Except for the actual price paid
                     for acquisition of investment or the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which
                     have been declared but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the investment income in
                     the current year at the cash dividends or profits declared by the investee.


               (2)   Long-term equity investments calculated under equity method

                     The Company’s long-term equity investments in its associates and joint ventures are calculated
                     under the equity method. If the cost of initial investment is in excess of the proportion of the fair
                     value of the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference
                     will not be adjusted to the initial investment cost of long-term equity investment; if the cost of
                     initial investment is in short of the proportion of the fair value of the net identifiable assets in the
                     investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in the current profit or loss,
                     meanwhile the costs of long-term equity investments will be adjusted.


                     The Company shall recognize the investment income and other comprehensive income at the
                     shares of net profit or loss and other comprehensive income realized by the investee which the
                     Company shall enjoy or bear and adjust the carrying amount of long-term equity investments at
                     the same time; the Company shall calculate the shares according to profits or cash dividends
                     declared by the investee and correspondingly reduce the carrying amount of long-term equity
                     investments; the carrying amount of long-term equity investments shall be adjusted according
                     to the investee’s other changes in shareholders’ equity other than net profit or loss, other
                     comprehensive income and Distribution of profits, which should be included in shareholders’
                     equity.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025          329
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XIX) Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                     3.      Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses (Continued)

                             (2)    Long-term equity investments calculated under equity method (Continued)

                                    The share of the investee’s net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and changes in other
                                    shareholders’ equity should be recognized after adjustments are made to Net profit and other
                                    comprehensive income of the investee based on the fair value of identifiable net assets of the
                                    investee upon acquisition of investments and according to accounting policies and accounting
                                    period of the Company.


                                    The Company shall write off the part of incomes from internal unrealized transactions between
                                    the Company and associates and joint ventures which are attributable to the Company according
                                    to the corresponding ratio and recognize the profit or loss on investments on such basis except
                                    that the assets invested or sold constitute business. Where the losses from internal transactions
                                    between the Company and the investee fall into the scope of assets impairment loss, the full
                                    amount of such losses should be recognized.


                                    For Net loss incurred by joint ventures or associates, the Company shall, in addition to its
                                    obligation to bear additional losses, write down to zero the carrying amount of long-term equity
                                    investments and other long-term equity that essentially constitutes net investment in such joint
                                    ventures or associates. If a joint venture or an associate realizes net profits in the future, the
                                    Company shall resume recognizing its share of profits after the share of profits makes up for the
                                    share of unrecognized losses.


                             (3)    Disposal of long-term equity investments

                                    For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the carrying amount and
                                    the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.


                                    For partial disposal of long-term equity investments accounted for under the equity method, if
                                    the remaining equity is still accounted for under the equity method, other comprehensive income
                                    originally accounted for and recognized under the equity method shall be carried forward in
                                    proportion on the basis same as that for the direct disposal of related assets or liabilities by the
                                    investee, and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to current profit or
                                    loss in proportion.




330        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XIX) Long-term equity investments (Continued)

          3.   Subsequent measurement and recognition of gains and losses (Continued)

               (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)

                     In case the joint control or significant influence over the investee is lost for disposing of equity
                     investments or other reasons, other comprehensive income recognized from original equity
                     investments by using the equity method shall be subject to accounting treatment on the basis
                     same as that for the direct disposal of related assets or liabilities by the investee when the equity
                     method is terminated, and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to current
                     profits or losses when the equity method is terminated.


                     Where the Company loses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial equity
                     investments or other reasons, when it prepares individual financial statements, if the remaining
                     equity can exercise joint control or significant influence on the investee, such investments should
                     be changed to be accounted for under the equity method and the remaining equity should be
                     deemed to have been accounted for by adopting the equity method on acquisition and adjusted;
                     other comprehensive income recognized before the control of the investee is obtained will be
                     carried forward on the basis same as that for the direct disposal of related assets or liabilities
                     by the investee, and other changes in owner’s equity accounted for and recognized under the
                     equity method will be carried forward to current profits or losses in proportion; if the remaining
                     equity cannot exercise joint control or significant influence on the investee, such equity will be
                     recognized as financial assets, and the difference between fair value and carrying amount on the
                     date of loss of the control should be included in current profits or losses; other comprehensive
                     income and other changes in owner’s equity recognized before the control of the investee is
                     obtained will be carried forward.


                     Where the Company disposes of equity investments in subsidiaries through multiple transactions
                     and by stages until loss of the control, if the above transactions belong to a package deal,
                     accounting treatment shall be made on the transactions as a transaction to dispose equity
                     investments of subsidiaries and lose the control. The difference between each disposal cost and
                     the carrying amount of long-term equity investments corresponding to disposed equities before
                     the loss of the control should be firstly recognized as other comprehensive income in individual
                     financial statements and then transferred into the current profit or loss at the loss of the control.
                     If the transactions are not under a package of transactions, each transaction shall be subject to
                     accounting treatment separately.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         331
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XX) Investment properties

                      An investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both purposes. It
                      includes buildings held for lease.


                      Subsequent expenditures incurred for such investment properties are included in the cost of the investment
                      properties when it is probable that economic benefits associated with an investment property will flow to the
                      company and the cost can be measured reliably. Otherwise, they are recognised in profit or loss for the period
                      in which they are incurred.


                      The company uses the cost model for subsequent measurement of investment properties, and adopts a
                      depreciation or amortisation policy for the investment properties which is consistent with that for buildings and
                      land use rights.


              (XXI) Fixed assets

                     1.      Recognition and initial measurement of fixed assets

                              ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                             Fixed assets refer to the tangible assets of the Company held for the purpose of business management
                             with useful lives exceeding one accounting year. Fixed assets are recognized when the following criteria
                             are satisfied simultaneously:


                             (1)     It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the Company;
                                     and


                             (2)     The costs of the fixed asset can be measured reliably.


                             A fixed asset shall be initially measured at its cost with the consideration of the expected discard
                             expenses.


                             The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets shall be included in the costs of fixed assets when
                             the relevant economic interests are much likely to flow in the Company and their costs may be measured
                             reliably; as for the party replaced, the carrying amount shall be derecognized; all other subsequent
                             expenditures shall be included in the current profit or loss when incurred.




332        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

          2.   Depreciation method

                 ✓      Applicable            Not Applicable


                Fixed assets will be depreciated by using the straight line method by category and the depreciation rate
                shall be recognized according to the category, estimated useful lives and estimated net residual value
                rate of fixed assets. For the fixed assets with provision for impairment made, the amount of depreciation
                will be determined according to the carrying amount after deduction of the provision for impairment and
                the remaining useful life in the future. Where various components of fixed assets are different in useful
                lives or provide economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then different depreciation rates
                or methods are chosen to separately provide for depreciation.


                Depreciation method, depreciation life, residual value rate and annual depreciation rate of various fixed
                assets are as follows:


                                                                                                                    Annual
                                                    Depreciation           Depreciation        Residual       depreciation
                Type                                method                          life     value rate                 rate
                                                                                   (year)             (%)                (%)



                Buildings and constructions         Straight-line method          20-40              3-10           2.25-4.85
                Electronic equipment                Straight-line                   5-10             3-10          9.00-19.40
                                                      depreciation
                Transportation facilities           Straight-line                    5-8             3-10         11.25-19.40
                                                      depreciation
                Electronic equipment and others     Straight-line                   3-10             3-10          9.00-32.33
                                                      depreciation


                The useful life and depreciation method of fixed assets with limited useful lives will be reviewed. If it is
                necessary, the useful life and depreciation method will be adjusted.


          3.   Disposal of fixed assets

                When fixed assets are disposed of or are expected to fail to generate economic benefits after the use
                or disposal, the fixed assets shall be derecognized. The difference of the income from sales, transfer,
                retirement or damage of fixed assets deducting the carrying amount and related taxes should be
                included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025          333
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXII)    Construction in progress

                         ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                        Construction in progress is recognised based on the actual construction expenditures incurred. It includes all
                        types of expenditures necessary to be incurred during the construction period, capitalised borrowing costs on
                        related borrowings before the asset is ready for intended use, and other relevant expenditures. Construction in
                        progress is transferred to fixed assets, intangible assets, investment properties or long term prepaid expenses
                        when the asset is ready for its intended use.


              (XXIII)   Borrowing costs

                         ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                        1.     Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs

                               Borrowing costs of the Company that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                               production of qualifying assets should be capitalized and included in the costs of related assets. Other
                               borrowing costs are recognized as expenses at the amount on occurrence and are charged to the
                               current profit or loss.


                               Assets meeting the capitalization requirements refers to fixed assets, investment properties and
                               inventories, etc. that need to be purchased, constructed or produced for a long time to be available for
                               intended use or sale.


                        2.     Capitalization period for borrowing costs

                               Capitalization period refers to the period from commencement of capitalization of borrowing costs to its
                               cessation. The period of capitalization suspension of borrowing costs is excluded.


                               Capitalization should commence when all the following three conditions are satisfied:


                               (1)     asset disbursements, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-cash
                                       assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing or producing
                                       assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;


                               (2)     borrowing costs have occurred;


                               (3)     purchase, construction or manufacturing activities that are necessary to prepare the assets for
                                       their intended use are in progress.


                               Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or produced
                               assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale condition.




334        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXIII)   Borrowing costs (Continued)

               3.   Period of capitalization suspension

                    If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization are
                    abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than three months, the capitalization of
                    borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary procedures for the acquired,
                    constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to reach their intended use or sale status,
                    the borrowing costs continue to be capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are
                    recognized as the current profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction
                    or production of the asset restarts.


               4.   Calculation method of capitalization rate and capitalization amount of
                    borrowing costs

                    As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible for
                    capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in this period less the interest
                    income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank or return on temporary investment shall be
                    recognized as the capitalization amount of borrowing costs.


                    As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible for
                    capitalization, the interest of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated by multiplying
                    the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated asset disbursements exceeding
                    special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general borrowings. The capitalization rate is
                    determined via the calculation at the weighted average actual interest rate of general borrowings.


                    During capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign currency special
                    borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible for capitalization. Exchange
                    differences arising from the principal and interest of foreign currency borrowings other than special
                    foreign currency borrowings are included in current profits or losses.


     (XXIV) Intangible assets

               1.   Measurement method of intangible assets

                     ✓    Applicable           Not Applicable


                    (1)    The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost upon acquisition

                           The costs of externally acquired intangible assets include their purchase prices, related taxes
                           and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred to prepare the asset for
                           its intended use.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         335
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXIV) Intangible assets (Continued)

                     1.      Measurement method of intangible assets (Continued)

                             (2)     Subsequent measurement

                                     The useful lives of intangible assets are analyzed on acquisition.


                                     As for intangible assets with limited useful life, they will be amortized during the period when
                                     the intangible assets generate economic benefit for enterprise; if the period when the intangible
                                     assets generate economic benefit for enterprise cannot be predicted, the intangible assets will
                                     be deemed as those with indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.


                     2.      Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives

                              ✓     Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                       Estimated      Amortization             Residual
                             Item                      useful life    method                  value rate    Basis
                                                            (year)                                    (%)


                             Land-use Right                    50     Straight-line method        0.00%     Legal useful life
                             patent right                      5-8    Straight-line method        0.00%     Estimated actual useful life
                             Software                            5    Straight-line method        0.00%     Estimated actual useful life
                             Unfinished contracts              2-3    Straight-line method        0.00%     Estimated actual useful life
                             Customer relationship             5-9    Straight-line method        0.00%     Estimated actual useful life


                             Land use rights obtained by the company are usually accounted for as intangible assets. The land use
                             rights of the self-developed buildings including plants are measured as intangible assets and buildings
                             are measured as fixed assets, respectively. With respect to the land use rights purchased together with
                             buildings, the acquisition cost is allocated between the two parts proportionately, or otherwise, is wholly
                             accounted for as fixed assets.


                             Intangible assets with the useful lives are amortised over their useful lives using the straight-line method.
                             the company reviews the useful lives and the amortisation method for intangible assets with the useful
                             lives at least once at each year-end, and makes adjustments when necessary.




336        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXIV) Intangible assets (Continued)

          3.    Judgement base of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and review
                procedure of useful lives

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                The Company had no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.


          4.    Scope of research and the development expenditures

                Expenditures incurred in the course of research and development conducted by the company include
                employee compensation related to personnel engaged in research and development activities,
                consumable materials, related depreciation and amortization expenses, and other related expenditures,
                and are summarized as follows:


                Employee compensation related to personnel engaged in research and development activities mainly
                refers to employee compensation related to personnel directly engaged in research and development
                activities as well as management personnel and direct service personnel closely related to research
                and development activities, consumable materials mainly refers to material costs actually incurred for
                the implementation of research and development activities, and related depreciation and amortization
                expenses mainly refers to depreciation expenses of instruments and equipment used for research and
                development activities.


          5.    Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages

                Expenditure on an internal research and development project shall be classified into expenditure on the
                research phase and expenditure on development phase.


                Research stage: it is the stage when creative and planned investigation and research activities are
                conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological knowledge.


                Development phase: development phase is the stage when the research achievements and other
                knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use, so as to produce
                any new or substantially improved material, device or product.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       337
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXIV) Intangible assets (Continued)

                     6.      Capitalization conditions of expenditures in the development stage

                             The expenditures in research phase will be included in current profit or loss on occurrence. Expenditures
                             in the development stage will be recognized as intangible assets only when the following conditions are
                             simultaneously satisfied, and included in current profit or loss if the following conditions are not satisfied:


                             (1)    It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;


                             (2)    It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible assets;


                             (3)    The usefulness of methods for intangible assets to generate economic benefits shall be proved,
                                    including being able to prove that there is a potential market for the products manufactured by
                                    applying the intangible assets or there is a potential market for the intangible assets themselves
                                    or the intangible assets will be used internally;


                             (4)    It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and able to use or sell the intangible
                                    assets, with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources; and


                             (5)    The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development phase can be
                                    measured reliably.


                             Where the research expenditures and the development expenditures are indistinguishable, the Company
                             shall include research expenditures and development expenditures incurred in current profit or loss.


                             Where the research expenditures and the development expenditures are indistinguishable, the Company
                             shall include research expenditures and development expenditures incurred in current profit or loss.




338        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                       RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXV) Long-term assets impairment

           ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


          For long-term equity investments, fixed assets, construction in progress, use-of-right assets, intangible assets
          with definite service life, and other long-term assets, if there are signs of impairment, an impairment test will be
          conducted on the balance sheet date. If the result of the impairment test shows that the recoverable amount
          of the asset is lower than its carrying amount, the provision for impairment shall be made and included in
          impairment loss. The recoverable amounts of intangible assets are the higher of their fair values less costs
          to sell and the present values of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the assets. The asset
          impairment provision shall be calculated and recognized on the basis of single asset, if it is difficult to estimate
          the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Company shall estimate the recoverable amount of the
          asset group that the individual asset belongs to. Asset group is the minimum combination of assets that can
          independently generate cash inflows.


          Intangible assets that have not been ready for intended use are tested for impairment each year.


          The Company has conducted impairment test for goodwill. The carrying amount of goodwill acquired in a
          business combination is allocated from the acquisition date on a reasonable basis to each of the related asset
          groups; if it is difficult to allocate to the related asset groups, it is allocated to each of the related set of asset
          groups. Each of the related asset groups or set of asset groups is an asset group or set of asset groups that is
          able to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.


          In testing an asset group or a set of asset groups including goodwill for impairment, if there is indication of
          impairment, the Company shall first test the asset group or the set of asset groups excluding goodwill for
          impairment, calculate the recoverable amount and compare it with the related carrying amount and recognise
          the corresponding impairment loss. After that, the Group shall test the asset group or set of asset groups
          including goodwill for impairment. The carrying amount of the related asset group or set of asset group is
          compared to its recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount of the asset group or set of asset groups is lower
          than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is first reduced by the carrying amount of the goodwill allocated to
          the asset group or set of asset groups and then, the carrying amount of other assets (excluding goodwill) within
          the asset group or set of asset groups pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset. The above losses
          from assets impairment will not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods once recognized. The above
          losses from assets impairment will not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods once recognized.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          339
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXVI) Long-term deferred expenses

                       ✓     Applicable             Not Applicable


                      Long-term deferred expenses refer to the expenses which have been already incurred but will be borne in this
                      period and in the future with an amortization period of over 1 year.


                      The amortisation period is as follows:


                                                                                                            Estimated useful
                      Item                                                         Amortisation method      life(years)


                      Costs of improvements to fixed assets under operating
                          leases                                                   straight-line basis      2-5


              (XXVII) Contract liabilities

                       ✓     Applicable             Not Applicable


                      The Company presents contractual assets or contractual liabilities in the balance sheet based on the
                      relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments. The Company’s
                      obligation to transfer goods or provide services to customers for consideration receivable for goods received
                      is presented as contract liabilities. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract are
                      presented by their net amounts.


              (XXVIII) Employee compensation

                     1.       Accounting treatment of short-term compensation

                                   ✓   Applicable          Not Applicable


                               During the accounting period in which employees provide service to the Company, the short-term
                               compensation actually incurred is recognized as liabilities and charged to the current profit or loss or
                               the relevant assets cost.


                               The social insurance premiums and housing fund paid for employees by the Company, as well as the
                               labor union expense and employee education expense accrued according to the provisions, shall be
                               calculated according to the stipulated contribution base and proportion to determine the amount of
                               corresponding employee compensation during the accounting period of employees providing services
                               to the Company.


                               Employee benefits incurred by the Company are charged to current income or loss or the cost of related
                               assets based on the actual amount incurred, of which non-monetary benefits are measured at fair value.



340        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXVIII) Employee compensation (Continued)

          2.   Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits

                ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


               (1)    Defined contribution plan

                      The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment insurance for
                      employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments. During the accounting
                      period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount which is calculated based on the
                      payment base and proportion as stipulated in the provisions of the local place is recognized as
                      liabilities and included in the current profit or loss or costs associated with assets.


                      In addition, the employees of the company join in the Enterprise Annuity Plan of China Railway
                      Signal & Communication Corporation Limited established by the company according to the state
                      enterprise annuity system, the Company makes payments to the local social insurance institutions
                      in a certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding expense included in the
                      current profit or loss or related asset cost. the company may not utilize any forfeited contributions
                      to reduce the current contributions.


               (2)    Defined benefit scheme

                      The Company shall attribute the welfare obligations under the defined benefit scheme in
                      accordance with the estimated accrued benefit method to the service period of relevant
                      employee, and record the obligation in current profit or loss or costs of relevant assets.


                      The deficit or surplus generated from the present value of obligations of the defined benefit
                      scheme minus the fair value of the assets of defined benefit scheme is recognized as net
                      liabilities or net assets. When the defined benefit scheme has surplus, the Company will measure
                      the net assets of the defined benefit scheme at the lower of the surplus of defined benefit
                      scheme and the upper limit of the assets.


                      All defined benefit plans obligations, including the expected duty of payment within 12 months
                      after the end of annual Reporting Period during which the staff provided service, were discounted
                      based on the bond market yield of sovereign bond matching the term of defined benefit plans
                      obligations and currency or corporate bonds of high quality in the active market on the balance
                      sheet date.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       341
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXVIII) Employee compensation (Continued)

                     2.      Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)

                             (2)    Defined benefit scheme (Continued)

                                    The service cost incurred by defined benefit scheme and the net interest of the net liabilities and
                                    net assets of the defined benefit scheme would be charged into the current profits and loss or
                                    relevant costs of assets. The changes generated from the re-measurement of the net liabilities or
                                    net assets of the defined benefit scheme would be included in the other comprehensive income
                                    and are not reversed to profit or loss in a subsequent accounting period. The portion originally
                                    included in other comprehensive income is carried forward to unallocated profit to the extent of
                                    equity upon termination of the original defined benefit schemes.


                                    When the defined benefit scheme is settled, the gain or loss is recognized based on the
                                    difference between the present value of obligations and the settlement price of the defined
                                    benefit scheme as at the balance sheet date.


                     3.      Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits

                              ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                             As to providing employees dismissal benefits, employee compensation incurred from dismissal
                             benefits should be recognized as liabilities and included in the current profit or loss at the date when
                             the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the
                             cancellation of labor relationship or the layoff proposal or when the Company recognizes the cost related
                             to restructuring concerning payment of dismissal benefits (whichever is earlier).


                     4.      Accounting methods for other long-term employee benefits

                              ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable




342        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXIX) Provisions

              ✓   Applicable        Not Applicable


          Where the obligation related to contingency meets all the following conditions simultaneously, it may be
          recognized as provisions by the Company:


          (1)      This obligation is a present obligation of the Company;


          (2)      The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from the Company;
                   and


          (3)      The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.


          Provisions of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses required for the performance
          of relevant present obligations.


          When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks, uncertainties, time
          value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time value of money is significant, the best
          estimate shall be determined after discounting the relevant future outflow of cash.


          If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of all the outcomes
          within this range are equal, the best estimate shall be determined at the median range within the range; in other
          cases, the best estimate shall be accounted for as follows in different circumstances:


          •        If contingencies involve a single item, the best estimate shall be determined at the amount most likely
                   incurred.


          •        If contingencies involve multiple items, the best estimate shall be calculated and determined at possible
                   outcomes and related probabilities.


          When all or part of the expenses necessary for the settlement of an estimated liability of the Company is
          expected to be compensated by a third party, the compensation should be separately recognized as an
          asset only when it is virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The amount recognized for the
          compensation should not exceed the carrying amount of the estimated liability.


          On the balance sheet date, the carrying amount of provisions shall be reviewed. If there is conclusive evidence
          that the best estimate cannot be reflected, the carrying amount shall be adjusted based on the current best
          estimate.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         343
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXX) Other financial instruments such as preference shares and perpetual bonds

                       ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                      In accordance with the terms of the contract and the economic substance of the issued perpetual bonds
                      reflected therein rather than in legal form only, the Company classifies the financial instrument or its components
                      as financial assets, financial liabilities or equity instruments upon initial recognition.


                      Financial instruments such as perpetual bond/preferred share issued by the Company meeting one of the
                      following conditions, shall be classified as financial liabilities as a whole or its components at initial recognition:


                      (1)     The Company cannot unconditionally avoid contractual obligations performing by delivering cash or
                              other financial assets;


                      (2)     Contract obligations including delivery of variable number of own equity instruments for settlement;


                      (3)     It includes derivative instruments that are settled by their own equity (eg. share conversion rights), and
                              the derivative instruments cannot exchange fixed amount of cash or other financial assets with fixed
                              amount of their own equity instruments for settlement;


                      (4)     There are contract terms that indirectly form contractual obligations;


                      (5)     When the issuer liquidates, the perpetual bonds are in the same order as the ordinary bonds and other
                              debts issued by the issuer.


                      Financial instruments such as perpetual bonds that do not meet any of the above conditions shall be classified as
                      equity instruments at initial recognition.


                      The perpetual bonds issued by the company have no maturity date. After the maturity date, the company has
                      the right to make unlimited renewals. For coupon interest of perpetual bonds, the company has the right to make
                      deferred payment. Those that the company has no contractual obligation to pay cash or other financial assets
                      shall be classified as equity instruments.




344        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXI) Revenue

          1.   Accounting policies adopted for income recognition and measurement

                    ✓   Applicable        Not Applicable


                The Company recognizes the income when its performance obligations as stipulated in the contract are
                fulfilled, that is, when the customer obtained control of the related goods or services. The acquisition of
                control over the related goods or services is defined as the ability to dominate the use of the goods or
                services and derive substantially all of the economic benefits therefrom.


                Where the contract contains two or more performance obligations, the Company will, on the contract
                start date, allocate the transaction price to each individual performance obligation in the proportion of
                the individual selling price of the goods or services for which each individual performance obligation
                is committed. The Company measures revenue based on the transaction price apportioned to each
                individual performance obligation.


                The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled as
                a result of the transfer of goods or provision of services to the customer, excluding amounts collected
                on behalf of third parties and amounts that the Company expects to refund to the customer. The
                Company determines the transaction price based on the terms of the contract, taking into account
                its past customary practice, and considers the impact of variable consideration, the existence of
                significant financing components in the contract, non-cash consideration, and consideration payable to
                the customer in determining the transaction price. The Company determines the transaction price that
                includes variable consideration by an amount not exceeding the amount for which it is highly probable
                that there will be no material reversal of the cumulative recognized revenue at the time the relevant
                uncertainty is removed. For contracts with a significant financing component, the Company determines
                the transaction price based on the amount payable in cash assuming that the customer will pay for the
                goods or services as soon as control is obtained, and amortizes the difference between this transaction
                price and the contract consideration over the term of the contract using the effective interest rate
                method. If the Company meets one of the following conditions, it is deemed to fulfill the performance
                obligations within a certain period of time; otherwise, it is deemed to so at a certain point of time:


                •        The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the Company’s
                         performance while the Company is performing the contract.


                •        The customer can control the commodities under construction during the Company’s
                         performance.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      345
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

                     1.      Accounting policies adopted for income recognition and measurement
                             (Continued)

                             •      The commodities produced by the Company during the performance of the contract have
                                    irreplaceable uses, and the Company has the right to receive payment for the accumulated
                                    performance of the contract so far throughout the contract period.


                             For performance obligations to be performed within a certain period of time, the Company recognizes
                             revenue in accordance with the progress of performance over that period, except when the progress of
                             performance cannot be reasonably determined. The Company determines the progress of performance
                             using the output method or the input method, taking into account the nature of the goods or services.
                             When there is no reasonable certainty of the progress of performance, revenue is recognized at the
                             costs incurred when the costs incurred are expected to be reimbursed until the progress of performance
                             can be reasonably determined.


                             The Company recognizes the income from the performance obligations to be performed at certain time,
                             that is, when the customer obtained control of the related goods or services. In determining whether a
                             customer has acquired control of goods or services, the Company considers the following indications:


                             •      The Company has a present right to receive payment in respect of the commodity or services, i.e.
                                    the customer has a present payment obligation in respect of the commodity.


                             •      The Company has transferred the legal title to the commodity to the customer, i.e. the customer
                                    has the legal title to the commodity.


                             •      The Company has transferred the physical commodity to the customer, i.e. the customer has
                                    taken physical possession of the commodity.


                             •      The Company has transferred to the customer the principal risks and rewards of ownership of the
                                    commodity, i.e. the customer has acquired principal risks and rewards with respect to the title to
                                    the commodity.


                             •      The customer has accepted the goods or services, etc.




346        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

          2.   Revenue recognition methods of the Company

                ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


               (1)    Sales agreement of goods

                      The sales agreement of goods entered into between the company and its customers usually only
                      includes the performance obligations of the transferred goods. the company usually recognises
                      the revenue at the time of transfer of control, taking into account the following factors: obtaining
                      the current collection rights of the goods, transfer of the key risks and rewards of the ownership
                      of the goods, transfer of the legal ownership of the goods, transfer of physical assets of goods
                      and customers’ acceptance of the goods.


               (2)    Service agreement

                      The service agreement entered into between the company and its customers usually includes
                      performance obligations such as system integration. As the services provided by the company
                      during the performance of the agreement have irreplaceable uses, and during the entire contract
                      period, the company has the right to take the revenue from the completion of performance of
                      the agreement accumulated to date as the performance obligation performed within a certain
                      period of time, and recognise the revenue based on the performance progress, except where
                      the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. the company determines the
                      performance progress for the services provided in accordance with the input method. When the
                      performance progress cannot be reasonably determined, if the costs incurred by the company
                      are expected to be compensated, the revenue will be recognised based on the amount of costs
                      incurred, until the performance progress can be reasonably determined.


               (3)    Construction contract

                      The construction contract entered into between the company and its customers usually includes
                      performance obligations such as construction services. As the customers can control the
                      assets under construction in the performance of the company, the company considers them
                      as performance obligations within a certain period of time, and recognises the revenue based
                      on the performance progress, except where the performance progress cannot be reasonably
                      determined. the company determines the performance progress for the services provided in
                      accordance with the input method and the costs occurred. When the performance progress
                      cannot be reasonably determined, if the costs incurred by the company are expected to be
                      compensated, the revenue will be recognised based on the amount of costs incurred, until the
                      performance progress can be reasonably determined.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         347
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

                     2.      Revenue recognition methods of the Company (Continued)

                             (4)    Variable considerations

                                    The contracts between the company and its certain customers containing changes, claims
                                    and reward arrangements, which forms a variable consideration. the company determines the
                                    best estimate of the variable consideration based on the expected value or the most probable
                                    value. However, the sales price including variable considerations should not exceed the amount
                                    accumulatively recognised which is not likely to be significantly reversed when the uncertainty
                                    disappears.


                             (5)    Return clauses

                                    In connection with sales with a return clause, revenue is recognised according to the amount
                                    of consideration it expects to be entitled to for the transfer to a customer when the customer
                                    acquires control of the relevant. Amounts expected to be refunded for the return of sales are
                                    recognised as estimated liabilities. At the same time, the balance of the carrying value of the
                                    product expected to be returned upon transfer less expected costs for the recall of such product
                                    (including impairment loss of the recalled product) shall be recognised as an asset (i.e. cost of
                                    return receivables), and the net amount of the carrying value of the transferred product upon the
                                    transfer less the aforesaid asset cost shall be transferred to cost. At each balance sheet date, the
                                    company reassesses the future return of sales and re-measures the above assets and liabilities.


                             (6)    Significant financing component

                                    If the contract includes significant financing component, the company determines the transaction
                                    price based on the amount payable under the assumption that the customer pays that amount
                                    payable in cash when “control” of the goods is obtained by the customer. By discounting
                                    the nominal amount of the contract consideration to the discount rate of the current selling
                                    price of the goods, the difference between the transaction price determined and the contract
                                    consideration of the contract committed shall be amortised within the contract period using
                                    effective interest rate method. If the company expects that the period between when the
                                    company transfers a promised good to a customer and when the customer pays for that good will
                                    be one year or less, the company needs not to consider the significant financing component.




348        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

          2.   Revenue recognition methods of the Company (Continued)

               (7)   Quality assurance obligation

                     According to the contractual agreement, legal provisions, etc., the company provides quality
                     assurance for the goods sold or assets constructed. For assurance-type quality assurance to the
                     customers to ensure that the goods sold meet the established standards, the company performs
                     accounting treatment in accordance with Note V. (XXIX)Provisions. For service-type quality
                     assurance for a separate service provided in addition to ensuring to the customers that the
                     goods sold meet the established standards, the company considers it as a single performance
                     obligation, and according to the relative proportion of the individual selling prices for providing
                     quality assurance for goods and services, amortises part of the transaction price to the service-
                     type quality assurance, and recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control of the
                     service. In assessing whether the quality assurance provides a separate service in addition to
                     ensuring to the customers that the goods sold meet the established standards, the company
                     considers whether the quality assurance is a statutory requirement, a quality assurance period
                     and the nature of the company’s commitment to perform its tasks and other factors.


               (8)   Principal/agent

                     For the company to obtain control of the goods or other assets from a third party and then
                     transfer it to the customer, the company has the right to determine the price of the goods traded
                     at its own discretion, that is, the company is a principal if it controls the specified good before
                     that good is transferred to a customer, and the revenue shall be recognised based on the total
                     consideration received or receivable; otherwise, the company is an agent, and the revenue
                     shall be recognised based on the amount of commission or handling fee that is expected
                     to be charged, and such amount shall be determined based on the net amount of the total
                     consideration received or receivable after deducting the prices payable to other related parties
                     or according to the established commission amount or proportion.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         349
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

                     2.      Revenue recognition methods of the Company (Continued)

                             (9)    Change in contract

                                    When there is a change to the construction contract entered into between the company and its
                                    customers:


                                    1)      If the change in contract adds a clearly distinguishable construction service and
                                            contract price, and the new contract price reflects the individual selling price of the new
                                            construction service, the company will consider the change in contract as a separate
                                            contract for accounting treatment;


                                    2)      If the change in contract does not fall within the circumstances stated in item (1) above,
                                            and the transferred construction service and the construction service which has not
                                            been transferred can be clearly distinguished at the date of change in contract, the
                                            company considers it as termination of the original contract, and at the same time, the
                                            non-performance part of the original contract and the modified part of the contract will be
                                            combined into a new contract for accounting treatment;


                                    3)      If the change in contract does not fall within the circumstances stated in item (1) above,
                                            and the transferred construction service and the construction service which has not
                                            been transferred cannot be clearly distinguished at the date of change in contract, the
                                            company will make the modified part of the contract as an integral part of the original
                                            contract for accounting treatment, of which the impact on the recognised revenue as
                                            a result of such change will be adjusted as the revenue for the period on the date of
                                            change in contract.




350        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

          2.   Revenue recognition methods of the Company (Continued)

               (10)   Franchise contract (“BOT Contract”)

                      The franchise activities under the BOT Contract usually include building, operation and transfer.


                      During the construction phase, the company recognizes the contractual income for construction
                      services in accordance with the accounting policy of the construction contract above and
                      determines whether the company is a principal responsible person or an agent in accordance
                      with the accounting policy of the principal responsible person/agent above, and if the company
                      is the principal responsible person, the revenue of the construction service is recognized for
                      performance progress. the company recognises contract assets while recognising the revenue
                      to the extent that it has an unconditional contractual right to receive a definite amount of cash
                      or another financial asset from the grantor within a certain period after the completion of the
                      infrastructure prescribed in the contract; If the company is an agent, the construction service
                      revenue is not recognised, and contract assets shall be recognised after considering the
                      provisions in the contract with reference to the project consideration payable in the course of
                      construction.


                      During the operation phase, the contract assets and the revenue are both recognised when
                      services are provided and a receivable is recognised to the extent that the company has the
                      right to receive the consideration (such right is conditional only on the passage of time); the daily
                      maintenance or repair costs incurred are recognised as current expenses.


               (11)   Build and transfer contract (“BT Contract”)

                      The activities under the BT Contract usually include building and transfer. For the construction
                      services provided by the company, during the construction phase, the relevant construction
                      service contract revenue is recognised in accordance with the accounting policies of the
                      construction contract mentioned above. The construction contract revenue is measured at the
                      fair value of the consideration receivable and the “long-term receivable” is recognised by using
                      the effective interest BT Contract rate and measured at amortized cost, and is eliminated upon
                      the receipt of payment from the owner.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         351
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXI) Revenue (Continued)

                     2.      Revenue recognition methods of the Company (Continued)

                             (12)   Interest income and expense

                                    The “interest income” and “interest expense” in the company’s income statement are the interest
                                    income and expense from financial assets using the effective interest rate method at amortized
                                    cost, financial assets at fair value with changes recognised through other comprehensive income
                                    and financial liabilities at amortized cost.


                                    The effective interest rate method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset
                                    or a financial liability and allocating the interest income or interest expense over the relevant
                                    period. The effective interest rate is the rate that discounts estimated future cash flows through
                                    the expected life of the financial instrument to the carrying amount of the financial asset or
                                    amortized cost of the financial liability. When calculating the effective interest rate, the company
                                    estimates expected cash flows considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument but
                                    does not consider expected credit losses. The calculation includes all amounts paid or received
                                    by the company that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, including transaction costs
                                    and all other premiums or discounts.


                                    For the financial assets acquired or originated with credit impairment, the company calculates
                                    the interest income according to the amortized cost of the financial assets and the effective
                                    interest rate after credit adjustment since the initial recognition by the company. The effective
                                    interest rate after credit adjustment refers to the estimated future cash flows of the acquired or
                                    originated financial assets with credit impairment in the expected duration, which is converted
                                    into the interest rate of amortized cost of the financial assets.


                                    For the financial assets acquired or originated without any credit impairment, but incurred credit
                                    impairment in the subsequent period, the company calculates the interest income in accordance
                                    with the amortized cost and the effect interest rate of the financial assets.


                             (13)   Fee and commission income

                                    Fee and commission income are recognised in accordance with accrual basis principle over the
                                    service period.




352        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXII) Contract costs

               ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


           Contract costs include contract performance costs and contract acquisition costs.


           Costs incurred by the Company to perform a contract that are not regulated by the relevant standards, such as
           inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, are recognized as a contract performance cost as an asset when
           the following conditions are met:


           •        Where such cost is directly related to a current or expected contract.


           •        Where such cost increases the resources of the Company for fulfilling its performance obligations in the
                    future.


           •        Where such cost is expected to be recovered.


           If the incremental cost of the Company is expected to be recovered, the contract acquisition cost shall be
           recognized as an asset.


           Assets related to the contract costs are amortized on the same basis as the recognition of the revenue of the
           goods or services related to the asset; however, if the amortization period of the contract acquisition costs is
           less than one year, the Company will include such costs in the current profit or loss when incurred.


           For the assets related to contract costs whose carrying amount is higher than the difference between the
           following two items, the Company will make provision for impairment for the excess and recognize it as asset
           impairment loss:


           1.       Where the remaining consideration is expected to be obtained by the transfer of goods or services
                    related to the asset;


           2.       Where the costs are estimated to occur for the transfer of the relevant goods or services.


           If the said difference is higher than the carrying amount of the asset due to changes in the impairment factors
           in the previous period, the originally accrued impairment reserve shall be reversed and included in the current
           profit or loss, but the reversed asset carrying amount shall not exceed the carrying amount of the asset on the
           date of reversal assuming that the impairment reserve is not accrued.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      353
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXIII) Government subsidies

                       ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


                     1.      Type

                             Government subsidies are monetary assets freely obtained by the Company from the government for
                             free, which are classified into government subsidies related to assets and government subsidies related
                             to income.


                             Asset-related government subsidies refer to government subsidies obtained by the Company for forming
                             long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Government subsidies related to income
                             refer to government subsidies other than those related to assets.


                     2.      Timing of recognition

                             Government subsidies shall be recognized only if the Company is able to comply with the conditions for
                             the government subsidies, and is likely to receive the government subsidies.


                     3.      Accounting treatment

                             Government subsidies related to assets shall be used to offset the carrying amount of relevant assets or
                             recognized as deferred income. Where such subsidies are recognized as the deferred income, they will
                             be included in current profit or loss in accordance with the reasonable and systematic methods within
                             useful lives of related assets (where such subsidies are related to the daily activities of the Company,
                             they will be included in other income; where such subsidies are not related to the daily activities of the
                             Company, they will be included in non-operating income);


                             Government subsidies relating to income used to compensate for relevant costs or losses which will
                             occur in the following period in the Company shall be recognized as deferred income, and, during
                             the period when relevant costs or losses are recognized, be included in current profit or loss (where
                             government subsidies relating to income are relevant to routine activities of the Company, such
                             subsidies shall be included in other income; where government subsidies relating to income are
                             irrelevant to routine activities of the Company, such subsidies shall be included in non-operating
                             income) or used to offset relevant costs or losses; government subsidies relating to income used to
                             compensate for relevant costs or losses incurred in the Company shall be included in current profit or
                             loss (where such subsidies are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included in other
                             income; where such subsidies are related to the daily activities of the Company, they will be included in
                             non-operating income) or used to offset relevant costs or losses.




354        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                       RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXIII) Government subsidies (Continued)

           3.     Accounting treatment (Continued)

                   The Company receives the interest grants with policy reference and treats in different ways in
                   accordance with the following situations:


                   (1)     If the financial authorities allocate the interest subsidies to the lending bank, and the lending
                           bank provides the loan to the Company at the preferential interest rate according to relevant
                           policies, the Company takes the actually received loan amount as the recorded value of the loan,
                           and calculates the relevant borrowing costs based on the loan principal and the preferential
                           interest rate.


                   (2)     If the financial authorities directly allocate the interest subsidies to the Company, the Company
                           will offset the corresponding interest subsidies against the relevant borrowing costs.


     (XXXIV) Leases

            ✓    Applicable             Not Applicable


           Lease refers to a contract in which the lessor transfers the right to use the assets to the lessee within a certain
           period to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the Company evaluates whether the
           contract is or includes a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right to control the use of one or more
           identified assets for a certain period of time in exchange for consideration, the contract is or includes a lease.


           If the contract contains multiple separate leases at the same time, the Company may split the contract, and
           account for each lease separately. If the contract includes both lease and non-lease parts, the lessee and the
           lessor shall split them.


           1.     The Company as the lessee

                    ✓    Applicable             Not Applicable


                  (1)     Right-of-use assets

                           At the commencement of the lease term, the Company recognizes the right-of-use assets
                           for leases other than short-term and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are initially
                           measured at cost, which includes:


                           •          The initial measurement amount of the lease liability;


                           •          The lease payment made on or before the commencement of the lease term, or the
                                      relevant amount after deducting the lease incentive already enjoyed if any;



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      355
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

                     1.      The Company as the lessee (Continued)

                             (1)    Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                                    •       Initial direct costs incurred by the Company;


                                    •       The Company expects to incur costs for dismantling and removing leased assets,
                                            restoring the site of the leased assets to its original condition, or restoring leased assets
                                            to their original condition, excluding costs incurred for the production of inventories.


                                    The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line method to accrue depreciation for the right-
                                    to-use assets. If ownership of the leased assets can be obtained with reasonable certainty at the
                                    end of the lease term, the Company depreciates the leased assets over their remaining useful
                                    lives; otherwise, the leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the
                                    remaining useful life of the leased assets.


                                    The Bank determines whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for the identified
                                    impairment loss in accordance with the principles described in Note V. (XXV) “Impairment of
                                    long-term assets.


                             (2)    Lease Liabilities

                                    At the commencement of the lease term, the Company recognizes lease liabilities for leases
                                    other than short-term and low-value asset leases. The lease liabilities are initially measured at the
                                    present value of the unpaid lease payments. Lease payments include:


                                    •       Fixed payment (including substantial fixed payment), and the relevant amount after
                                            deducting the lease incentive if any;


                                    •       Variable lease payments depending on index or ratio;


                                    •       Estimated payments due according to the guaranteed residual value provided by the
                                            Company;


                                    •       Exercise price of the purchased option, provided that the Company reasonably
                                            determines that the option will be exercised;


                                    •       The amount to be paid for the exercise of the lease termination options, provided that the
                                            lease term reflects that the Company will exercise the options to terminate the lease;




356        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

          1.    The Company as the lessee (Continued)

                (2)   Lease Liabilities (Continued)

                      The Company uses the interest rate implicit in lease as the discount rate, but if the interest
                      rate implicit in the lease cannot be reasonably determined, the Company uses the incremental
                      borrowing rate as the discount rate.


                      The Company calculates the interest expense of the lease liabilities in each the lease term at a
                      fixed periodic interest rate, and includes it in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.


                      Variable lease payments that are not included in the lease liabilities are included in current profit
                      or loss or related asset costs when incurred.


                      The Company remeasures the lease liability and adjusts the corresponding right-of-use asset if,
                      after the lease commencement date, the following circumstances occur. If the carrying amount of
                      the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero, but the lease liability is still subject to further reduction,
                      the difference is recognized in profit or loss:


                      •       When the appraisal results of the purchase option, lease renewal option or termination
                              option change, or when the actual exercise of the aforementioned options is inconsistent
                              with the original appraisal results, the Company re-measures the lease liability at the
                              present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;


                      •       When there is a change in the substantive fixed payment amount, a change in the amount
                              expected to be payable for the guaranteed residual value or a change in the index or
                              rate used to determine the lease payment amount, the Company re-measures the lease
                              liability at the present value calculated from the changed lease payment amount and the
                              original discount rate. However, if the change in the lease payment amount results from
                              a change in the floating interest rate, the present value is calculated using the revised
                              discount rate.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          357
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

                     1.      The Company as the lessee (Continued)

                             (3)    Short-term and low-value asset leases

                                    The Company chooses not to recognize the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-
                                    term and low-value asset leases, and includes the related lease payments in the current profit
                                    or loss or related asset costs with the straight-line method in each lease term. Short-term lease
                                    refers to a lease that lasts for no more than 12 months and includes no purchase options at
                                    the commencement of the lease term. Low-value asset lease refers to a lease with lower value
                                    when the individual leased assets are brand new assets. If the Company sublets or anticipates
                                    subletting the leased assets, the original lease is not a low-value asset lease.


                             (4)    Lease change

                                    If a lease changes and meets all the following conditions, the Company will account for the lease
                                    change as a separate lease:


                                    •       The lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding one or more rights to use
                                            the leased assets;


                                    •       The increased consideration is equivalent to the individual price of the expanded part
                                            adjusted according to the contract.


                                    If the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Company shall, on the effective
                                    date of the lease change, re-allocate the consideration of the changed contract, re-determine
                                    the lease term, and remeasure the lease liabilities at the present value calculated based on the
                                    changed lease payment and the revised discount rate.


                                    If a lease change results in a reduction in the scope of the lease or a shortening of the lease
                                    term, the Company reduces the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset accordingly and
                                    recognizes the gain or loss related to the partial or complete termination of the lease in current
                                    profit or loss. If other lease changes result in a remeasurement of the lease liability, the Company
                                    adjusts the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset accordingly.




358        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

          2.    The Company as lessor

                 ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                On the lease commencement date, the Company divides the lease into financial lease and operating
                lease. Financial leasing refers to the leasing that transfers almost all the risks and returns related to
                the ownership of the leased asset, regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred or not.
                The term “operating lease” refers to a lease other than a financial lease. When the Company is the sub-
                lessee, the sublease is classified based on the right-to-use assets generated from the original lease
                contract.


                (1)    Accounting for operating lease

                       The lease amount received under operating leases are recognized as rental income according
                       to the straight-line method in each period of the lease term. The Company capitalizes the initial
                       direct expenses related to operating lease and amortizes them into the current profit and loss
                       according to the same basis as the recognition of rental income during the lease term. The
                       variable lease payments excluded from the lease receipts shall be included in the current profits
                       and losses when they are actually incurred. In case of any change in the operating lease, the
                       Company will make the accounting treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the
                       change, and the amount received in advance or lease receivables before the change will be
                       regarded as the receivables from the new lease.


                (2)    Accounting for financial lease

                       On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes the financial lease receivable and
                       derecognizes the financial lease assets. The net investment in the lease is taken as the entry
                       value of the financial lease receivable as the Company initially measures the financial lease
                       receivable. The net investment in a lease is the sum of the present value of the unguaranteed
                       residual value and future lease payments at the beginning of the lease term, discounted at the
                       interest rate implicit in lease.


                       The Company calculates and recognizes the interest income of each period in the lease term
                       according to the fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of financial lease
                       receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with the requirements set out in Note “V. (XI)
                       Financial Instruments”.


                       The variable lease payments excluded from the measurement of net investment in lease shall be
                       included in the current profit and loss when they are actually incurred.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        359
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

                     2.      The Company as lessor (Continued)

                             (2)    Accounting for financial lease (Continued)

                                    If the financial lease changes and meets the following conditions at the same time, the Company
                                    will treat the change as a separate lease for accounting treatment:


                                    －       The change expands the lease scope by increasing the right-to-use of one or more
                                            leased assets;


                                    －       The increased consideration is equivalent to the individual price of the expanded part of
                                            the lease scope adjusted according to the contract conditions.


                                    If the change of financial lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Company will deal
                                    with the changed lease under the following circumstances:


                                    －       If the change takes effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will be classified as
                                            an operating lease, and the Company will treat it as a new lease from the effective date of
                                            the lease change, and take the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease
                                            change as the carrying amount of the leased assets;


                                    －       If the change takes effect on the commencement date of the lease, the lease will be
                                            classified as a financial lease, and the Company will carry out accounting treatment
                                            according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating a contract set out in “Note V. (XI)
                                            Financial Instruments”.




360        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXIV) Leases (Continued)

          3.    Sale and leaseback transaction

                The Company assesses and determines whether the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction
                is sale according to the principles set out in Note “V. (XXXI) Revenue”.


                (1)    The Company as lessee

                       If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction is a sale, the Company, as the
                       lessee, measures the right-of-use assets according to the carrying amount of the original assets
                       regarding the right-of-use obtained by the leaseback, and only recognizes the relevant gains
                       or losses for the right transferred to the lessor. If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback
                       transaction is not a sale, the Company, as the lessee, continues to recognize the transferred
                       assets and recognize a financial liability whose amount equal to the transferred income at the
                       same time. For the accounting treatment of financial liabilities, please refer to Note “V. (XI)
                       Financial Instruments”.


                (2)    The Company as a lessor

                       If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction is considered as sales, the Company,
                       as the lessor, shall record the asset purchase and the asset lease in accordance with the policy
                       in the aforesaid “2. The Company as lessor”; If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback
                       transaction is not considered as sales, the Company, as the lessor, shall not recognize the
                       transferred asset, but recognize an equal amount in financial assets. For the accounting
                       treatment of financial assets, please refer to Note “V. (XI) Financial Instruments”.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025      361
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXV) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                          ✓   Applicable            Not Applicable


                      Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax arising from
                      business mergers and such transactions or items as are directly included in shareholders’ equity (including
                      other comprehensive income), the Company shall include the current income tax and the deferred income tax in
                      the current profit or loss.


                      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated and recognized based on differences (temporary
                      differences) between tax base and carrying amount of the assets and liabilities.


                      Deferred tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent that it shall not exceed
                      the taxable income probably obtained in future periods to be against the deductible temporary difference. For
                      deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried forward to subsequent periods, the Company recognized
                      deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
                      deductible losses and tax credits can be utilized. Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred tax
                      liabilities except in special circumstances.


                      Such special circumstances include:


                      •        Initial recognition of goodwill


                      •        A transaction or event that is neither a business combination nor, when incurred, affects accounting
                               profit and taxable income (or deductible loss).


                      For the taxable temporary differences related to the investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
                      the deferred tax liabilities should be recognized, unless that the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                      differences is able to be controlled by the Company and the temporary differences will be probable not
                      to be reversed in the foreseeable future. For deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
                      subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable
                      future and taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be used, the
                      deferred tax asset will be recognized.


                      On the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities should be measured at the applicable
                      tax rate during the period of expected recovery of the relevant assets or liquidation of the relevant assets
                      according to the provisions of tax laws.




362        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXV) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

          On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets. If it is unlikely to
          obtain sufficient taxable income taxes to offset the benefit of the deferred tax assets, the carrying amount of
          the deferred tax assets shall be written down. When it is likely to earn sufficient taxable income, the write-down
          amount should be reversed.


          If the Company has the legal right of netting and intends to settle in net amount or to obtain assets and
          discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax liabilities of the Company shall be
          presented based on the net amount after offset.


          On the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities shall be listed by the net amount after
          offset if:


          –        The taxpayer has the statutory right to settle the current tax assets and current tax liabilities with net
                   amount;


          –        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are related to the income tax which are imposed on the
                   same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or on different taxpayers, but, in each important
                   future period in connection with the reverse of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayer
                   intends to balance tax assets and liabilities for this period with net settlement at the time of obtaining
                   assets and discharging liabilities, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities shall be presented
                   based on the net amount after offset.


     (XXXVI) Hedge Accounting

          1.       Classification of hedging

                   (1)    Fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset or
                          liability or an unrecognised firm commitment (except foreign exchange risk).


                   (2)    Cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
                          to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast
                          transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.


                   (3)    Hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation is a hedge of the exposure to foreign exchange
                          risk associated with a net investment in a foreign operation. Net investment in a foreign operation
                          is the share of interest in the net asset of the foreign operation.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        363
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXVI) Hedge Accounting (Continued)

                     2.      Designation of the hedge relationship and recognition of the effectiveness of
                             hedging

                             At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates the hedge relationship and
                             documents the hedge relationship, the risk management objective and its strategy for undertaking the
                             hedge. The documentation includes identification of the nature and quantity of the hedging instrument,
                             the nature and quantity of the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged, the type of hedging and
                             how the Company will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness. Hedging instrument’s effectiveness
                             means the degree of the change of fair value and cash flow of
                             the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash
                             flows attributable to the hedged risk.


                             The hedge is assessed by the Company for effectiveness on an ongoing basis and judged whether
                             it meets the requirements for the effectiveness of using hedge accounting throughout the accounting
                             periods for which the hedging relationship was designated. Provided the discontent of the requirements,
                             the application of a hedge shall be terminated.


                             The application of hedge accounting shall meet the following requirements on the effectiveness of the
                             hedge:


                             (1)      There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


                             (2)      The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                                      relationship.


                             (3)      The appropriate hedge ratio will not cause the imbalance of relative weight between the hedged
                                      item and the hedging instrument, thus generating accounting results inconsistent with the
                                      hedge accounting objectives. If the hedge ratio is no longer inappropriate, but the hedge risk
                                      management objectives do not change, the amount of the hedged item or the hedging instrument
                                      shall be adjusted, so that the hedge ratio can re-meet the requirements on the effectiveness.




364        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXVI) Hedge Accounting (Continued)

          3.   Criteria for hedge accounting

               (1)   Fair value hedges

                     The change in the fair value of a hedging derivative is recognized in the current profit or loss.
                     The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as
                     a part of the carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognized in the current profit or
                     loss.


                     For fair value hedges relating to financial instruments carried at amortized cost, the adjustment
                     to carrying amount is amortized through the current profit or loss over the remaining term to
                     maturity. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged financial instrument for which the
                     effective interest method is used is amortized to the current profit or loss. Amortization may begin
                     as soon as an adjustment exists and shall begin no later than when the hedged item ceases to
                     be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged.


                     If the hedged item is derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the
                     current profit or loss.


                     When an unrecognized firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent
                     cumulative change in the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is
                     recognized as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognized in the current
                     profit or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognized in the
                     current profit or loss.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        365
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXVI) Hedge Accounting (Continued)

                     3.      Criteria for hedge accounting (Continued)

                             (2)    Cash flow hedges

                                    The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized directly as other
                                    comprehensive income, while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the current
                                    profit or loss.


                                    Amounts taken to other comprehensive income are transferred to the current profit or loss when
                                    the hedged transaction affects the current profit or loss, such as when hedged financial income
                                    or fi-nancial expense is recognized or when a forecast sale occurs. Where the hedged item is the
                                    cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts taken to other comprehensive
                                    income are transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or non-financial
                                    liability (or originally recognized in other comprehensive income, and transferred in the same
                                    period as the profit and loss is affected by the non-financial assets and non-financial debts, the
                                    amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss).


                                    If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the amounts
                                    previously recognized in other comprehensive income are transferred to the current profit or
                                    loss. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or
                                    rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, the amounts previously recognised in other
                                    comprehensive income remain in there until the forecast transaction or firm commitment affects
                                    the current profit or loss.


                             (3)    Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation

                                    Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that
                                    is accounted for as part of the net investment, are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow
                                    hedges. Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the
                                    hedge are recognized in other comprehensive income while any gains or losses relating to
                                    the ineffective portion are recognized in the current profit or loss. On disposal of the foreign
                                    operation, the cumulative value of any such gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred to
                                    the current profit or loss.




366        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXVII) Debt Restructuring

          1.     With the Company as a creditor

                 The Company ceases to recognise claim when the contractual right to receive the cash flows from the
                 claim is terminated. In the case of debt restructuring through the settlement of debt with assets or the
                 conversion of debt into equity instruments, the Company recognises the relevant assets when they meet
                 their definitions and recognition criteria.


                 In the case of debt restructuring through the settlement of debt with assets, the Company initially
                 recognises the acquired non-financial assets, which are measured at cost. The cost of inventory
                 includes the fair value of the waived claim and other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset
                 to its present location and condition, such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees,
                 insurance fees, and so on. The cost of an investment in an associate or a joint venture includes the fair
                 value of the waived claim and other costs directly attributable to the asset, such as taxes. The cost of
                 investment property includes the fair value of the waived claim and other costs directly attributable to the
                 asset, such as taxes. The cost of fixed assets includes the fair value of the waived claim and and other
                 costs directly attributable to the asset, such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees,
                 installation fees, professional service fees, etc., incurred before the asset reaches its intended usable
                 state. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the waived claim and other costs directly
                 attributable to the asset, such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance fees. The cost of intangible
                 assets includes the fair value of the waived claim and other costs directly attributable to preparing the
                 asset for its intended use, such as taxes. In the case of debt restructuring through the conversion of
                 debt into equity instruments, which results in the creditor converting the claim into an equity investment
                 in an associate or a joint venture, the Company measures the initial investment cost at the fair value
                 of the waived claim and other costs (including taxes) directly attributable to the asset. The difference
                 between the fair value of the waived claim and its carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss for the
                 current period.


                 In the case of debt restructuring through the modification of other terms, the Company recognises and
                 measures the restructured claim in accordance with the section “V. (XI) Financial Instruments” in the
                 notes.


                 Where debt restructuring is carried out through the settlement of debt with multiple assets or a
                 combination of methods, the Company first recognises and measures the acquired financial assets
                 and the restructured claim in accordance with the section “V. (XI) Financial Instruments” in the notes,
                 and then allocates the net amount of the fair value of the waived claim after deducting the recognised
                 amount of the acquired financial assets and the restructured claim, based on the proportion of the fair
                 values of the assets other than the acquired financial assets, and determines the cost of each asset using
                 the aforementioned methods. The difference between the fair value of the waived claim and its carrying
                 amount is recognised in profit or loss for the current period.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         367
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXVII) Debt Restructuring (Continued)

                     2.      With the Company as a debtor

                             The Company derecognizes a liability when the present obligation for the debt is discharged.


                             In the case of debt restructuring through the settlement of debt with assets, the Company derecognizes
                             the relevant assets and the settled debt when the derecognition criteria are met. The difference between
                             the carrying amount of the settled debt and the carrying amount of the transferred assets is recognised
                             in profit or loss for the current period.


                             In the case of debt restructuring through the conversion of debt into equity instruments, the Company
                             derecognizes the settled debt when the derecognition criteria are met. Upon initial recognition of the
                             equity instruments, the Company measures them at fair value. If the fair value of the equity instruments
                             cannot be reliably measured, the Company measures based on the fair value of the settled debt. The
                             difference between the carrying amount of the settled debt and the recognised amount of the equity
                             instruments is recognised in profit or loss for the current period.


                             In the case of debt restructuring through the modification of other terms, the Company recognizes and
                             measures the restructured liability in accordance with the section “V. (XI) Financial Instruments” in the
                             notes.


                             In the case of debt restructuring through the settlement of debt with multiple assets or a combination
                             of methods, the Company recognizes and measures the equity instruments and restructured liability
                             using the aforementioned methods. The difference between the carrying amount of the settled debt
                             and the sum of the carrying amount of the transferred assets and the recognised amounts of the equity
                             instruments and restructured liability is recognised in profit or loss for the current period.


              (XXXVIII) Segment Report

                      The Company determines operating segments based on internal organization structure, management
                      requirements and internal reporting system, determines reporting segments based on operating segments, and
                      disclose the information of the segments.


                      Operating segment refers to the component parts of the Company that meet the following conditions at the same
                      time: (1) the component parts can generate income and incur expenses in daily activities; (2) the Company’s
                      management can regularly evaluate the operating results thereof in order to decide allocation of resources
                      and evaluate their performance; and (3) the Company can obtain relevant accounting information such as the
                      financial status, operating results and cash flows of the component parts. If two or more operating segments
                      have similar economic characteristics, and have met a certain condition, they will be merged into one operating
                      segment.




368        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XXXIX) Fair Value Measurement

          The Company measures the relevant assets or liabilities at fair value based on the following assumptions:


          –      The sale of assets or the transfer of liabilities between market participants on the measurement date is
                 conducted in an orderly transaction under current market conditions.


          –       The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer
                 the liability takes place in the principal market for the asset or liability or in the most advantageous
                 market for the asset or liability when a principal market is absent.


          –      The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
                 use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
                 interest.


          According to the nature of the said transaction and the characteristic of the said assets or liabilities, the
          Company recognizes the transaction value as the fair value of initial recognition.


          If other relevant accounting standards require or permit the Company to conduct initial measurement on the
          relevant assets or liabilities at the said fair value, and the transaction value is different from the fair value, the
          Company will include relevant gains or losses in the current profit or loss, unless otherwise specified in other
          relevant accounting standards.


          For the measurement of non-financial assets at fair value, the capability of the market participant in bringing
          about economic interest via the best use of such assets, or the capability in selling such assets to the other
          market participant for bringing about economic interest with the best use of such assets should be taken into
          account.


          The valuation techniques which are applicable to the current situation and have sufficient usable data and other
          information support are taken into account by the Company for the adoption of valuation technique. Relevant
          observable input values are preferentially adopted for valuation techniques, and the unobservable input values
          can be used only when the observable input values are unable or unpractical to be obtained.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         369
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XXXIX) Fair Value Measurement (Continued)

                      Input values used in the fair value measurement are divided into three levels:


                      －      Level 1-Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;


                      －      Level 2-Input that is observable for related assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, but other than
                             the input of the Level 1;


                      －      Level 3-Input that is unobservable for related assets or liabilities.


                      The level of the measurement result of fair value shall be subject to the lowest level which the input that is of
                      great significance to the measurement of fair value as a whole.


                      The Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value mainly include: receivables for financing, other
                      equity instrument investments etc..


              (XL) Safety production expenses

                      According to the regulation about the extraction and use of enterprise safety production expenses’
                      administration (Cai Zi [2022] No. 136), issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and
                      the Ministry of Emergency Management of the People’s Republic of China, Safety production expenses provided
                      for as required were included in cost of product or the current profit and loss, and credited in special reserve.


                      And the funds are treated separately depending on whether fixed assets are resulted when being used: funds
                      related to expenditure is offset against special reserve directly while those forming fixed assets will consolidate
                      expenditure incurred and recognized as fixed assets when such assets are ready for their intended use, at
                      the same time offsetting equivalent amounts in the special reserve and recognizing equivalent amounts of
                      accumulated depreciation.




370        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XLI) Significant accounting judgments and estimates

           ✓    Applicable           Not Applicable


          The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimations and
          assumption that affect the reported amounts and disclosures of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and
          the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date. However, uncertainty about these assumptions
          and estimations could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
          assets or liabilities affected in the future.


          1.      Judgements

                  In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management has made the following
                  judgements which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
                  statements:


                  (1)     Operating leases – the Group as lessor

                          The Company has entered into operating leases on its investment property portfolio. The
                          Company has determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the
                          arrangements, that it retains all the significant risks and rewards of ownership of these properties
                          which are leased out on operating leases.


                  (2)     Determination of progress towards completion of the performance of obligations for
                          construction contracts

                          The Company uses the input method to determine the progress towards completion of
                          the performance obligations for the construction contracts. To be specific, the Company
                          determines the progress towards completion of the performance obligations on the basis of
                          the percentage of the accumulative actual construction costs incurred to the expected total
                          costs. The accumulative actual costs include the direct and indirect costs incurred during the
                          process of transferring goods to the customers. The Company believes that the construction
                          contract price with the customers is determined on the basis of the construction costs, and the
                          actual construction costs as a percentage of the estimated total costs can accurately reflect
                          the progress of the construction service. The Company determines the progress of contract
                          performance based on the proportion of the cumulative actual construction costs to the estimated
                          total costs, and recognizes revenue accordingly. In view of the long duration of construction
                          contracts, which may span several accounting periods, the Company will review and revise
                          the budget as the construction contracts progress, and adjust the income recognition amount
                          accordingly.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         371
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XLI) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)

                     1.      Judgements (Continued)

                             (3)    The division of research stage and development stage of research and development
                                    project

                                    The Company distinguishes between the research and development stages of internal research
                                    and development projects, the research phase for original planned surveys to acquire and
                                    understand new scientific or technical knowledge, and the application of research results or
                                    other knowledge to a programme or design prior to commercial production or use to produce
                                    new or substantially improved materials, installations, products, etc.


                     2.      Estimation uncertainty

                             The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
                             balance sheet date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
                             of assets and liabilities within the future accounting periods, are described below.


                             (1)    Construction contracts and labour service results

                                    The Company recognises revenue based on the percentage of completion of individual
                                    contracts providing construction contracts and labour services. The management estimates the
                                    percentage of project completion based on the actual costs involved in the total budgeted costs
                                    and also estimates the relevant contract revenue. Due to the nature of the activities carried out in
                                    the contracts, the dates of the activities and the dates of completion of the activities are usually
                                    classified into different accounting periods. The Company will review and revise the budget and
                                    contract cost estimates as the contracts progress (if the actual contract revenue is less than the
                                    estimated or actual contract costs, provision for the estimated contract losses is to be made).


                             (2)    Impairment of financial instruments and contract assets

                                    The Company has adopted the expected credit loss model to evaluate the impairment of financial
                                    instruments and contract assets. The application of the expected credit loss model requires
                                    significant judgement and estimates and the consideration of all reasonable and soundly based
                                    information, including forward-looking information. In making such judgement and estimates,
                                    the Company estimates the projected movements of the debtor’s credit risk according to past
                                    repayment records, economic policies, macro-economic indicators and industry risks, etc.
                                    Differences in estimates may have an impact on the provision for Impairment. A provision for
                                    impairment may not be equal to the actual amount of impairment losses in the future.




372        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XLI) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)

          2.   Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

               (3)   Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (excluding goodwill)

                     The Company assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for non-current assets
                     other than financial assets as at the balance sheet date. Non-current assets other than financial
                     assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
                     recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds
                     its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its present value
                     of future cash flows. The calculation of the fair value less costs to sell is based on available data
                     from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable
                     market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations
                     are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or asset
                     group and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash
                     flows.


               (4)   Impairment of goodwill

                     Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, the
                     present value of future cash flows, which are generated from asset groups or sets of asset
                     groups considered together with allocated goodwill, is estimated. The Company estimates the
                     present value of future cash flows from asset groups or sets of asset groups by forecasting the
                     related cash flow and selecting a suitable discount rate.


               (5)   Impairment of inventories

                     The Company determines the write-down for obsolescence of inventories. These estimates are
                     made with reference to aged inventory analyses, projections of expected future sales of goods
                     and management experience and judgement. Based on this review, write-down of inventories
                     will be made when the carrying amounts of inventories decline below their estimated net
                     realizable values. Due to changes in market conditions, actual sales of goods may be different
                     from estimation and profit or loss in the current period could be affected by differences in this
                     estimation.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         373
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XLI) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)

                     2.      Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

                             (6)    Deferred tax assets

                                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that
                                    taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management
                                    judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised,
                                    based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning
                                    strategies.


                             (7)    Measurement of defined benefit scheme obligations

                                    The Company has recognised the supplementary retirement benefits under the defined benefit
                                    scheme as a liability. The estimated amount of these welfare expenses and liabilities shall
                                    be calculated and paid on the basis of various assumptions. These assumptions include the
                                    discount rate, the growth rate of welfare expenses during relevant period, as well as other
                                    factors. Deviations between actual results and actuarial assumptions will affect the accuracy of
                                    the relevant accounting estimates. Although the management believes that the above assumptions
                                    are reasonable, any changes in assumptions shall still affect the estimated liabilities of the
                                    relevant supplementary pension insurance and other external welfare plans.


                             (8)    Useful lives and residual values of fixed assets

                                    The useful lives of fixed assets are estimated based on historical experience of the Group with
                                    similar assets used in a similar way. If useful lives of the fixed assets are estimated to be shorter
                                    than previously estimated, the Company will increase the depreciation rates accordingly, or
                                    dispose of those assets that are idle or technically obsolete. In determining the useful lives and
                                    net residual values of fixed assets, the Company periodically reviews the changes in market
                                    conditions, estimated physical wear and tear, and the maintenance of an asset. The estimation
                                    of the useful life of the asset is based on historical experience of the Company with similar
                                    assets that are used in a similar way. The depreciation amount will be adjusted if the estimated
                                    useful lives and/or the net residual values of fixed assets are less than previous estimation.
                                    Useful lives and net residual values are reviewed, at each settlement date, based on changes in
                                    circumstances.




374        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XLI) Significant accounting judgments and estimates (Continued)

          2.   Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

               (9)    Lessee’s incremental borrowing rate

                      For a lease whose rate cannot be readily determined, the Company adopts lessee’s incremental
                      borrowing rate as the discount rate in estimating the present value of the lease payment. When
                      determining the incremental borrowing interest rate, the Company uses the observable interest
                      rate as a reference basis for determining the incremental borrowing rate according to the
                      economic environment in which it is located and, on this basis, adjusts the reference interest rate
                      according to the specific circumstances of the lease business, such as its own conditions, the
                      underlying asset’s condition, the lease term and the amount of the lease liability for obtaining an
                      appropriate incremental borrowing rate.


               (10)   Quality guarantee

                      The Company will make a reasonable estimate of the warranty rate for the contract combination
                      with similar characteristics based on historical warranty data and current warranty conditions,
                      taking into account all relevant information such as product improvement and market changes.
                      The estimate of the warranty rate may not be equal to the actual warranty rate in the future. The
                      Company re-evaluates the warranty rate at least on each balance sheet date and determines the
                      estimated liabilities based on the re-evaluated warranty rate.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         375
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      V.      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
              ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
              (XLII)   Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates

                       1.    Changes in major accounting policies

                              ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                             Implementation of the Provisions of the Q&A on implementation of the accounting standards for
                             enterprises concerning the accounting treatment of standard warrant transactions


                             The Ministry of Finance issued an implementation Q&A on the accounting treatment of standard
                             warrant transactions on 8 July 2025, which clearly stipulates that, in accordance with the Accounting
                             Standards for Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments, where an
                             enterprise enters into contracts for the frequent purchase and sale of standard warrants on a futures
                             trading venue for the purpose of profiting from price differences, without taking physical delivery of the
                             commodity underlying the standard warrants, this typically indicates that the enterprise has the practice
                             of reselling the subject matter of the contract within a short period after receipt to profit from short-term
                             fluctuations. The enterprise shall treat such contracts for the purchase and sale of standard warrants
                             as financial instruments and apply the provisions of the Accounting Standards for Enterprises No. 22 –
                             Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments. Where an enterprise, having obtained standard
                             warrants under the aforementioned contracts, resells them within a short period, it shall not recognise
                             sales revenue, but shall instead recognise the difference between the consideration received and the
                             carrying amount of the standard warrants sold in investment income; where an enterprise holds standard
                             warrants that have not been sold at the end of the period, it shall present them as other current assets.
                             For standard warrants obtained under the aforementioned contracts, if it can eliminate or significantly
                             reduce an accounting mismatch, the enterprise may elect to measure them at fair value through profit or
                             loss upon initial recognition, and shall apply such election consistently to all standard warrants meeting
                             the eligibility criteria. For standard warrants for which the fair value through profit or loss election has
                             been made upon initial recognition, the enterprise shall not revoke such election in subsequent periods.


                             In accordance with the requirements of the Notice on Strictly Implementing the Accounting Standards for
                             Enterprises and Effectively Preparing the 2025 Annual Reports (Cai Kuai [2025] No. 33), an enterprise
                             that adjusts its accounting policies as a result of implementing the aforementioned provisions on
                             standard warrants shall adjust the information for the comparable period in its financial statements.


                             The implementation of these provisions has not had a material impact on the financial position or results
                             of operations of the Company.


                       2.    Changes in significant accounting estimates

                                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




376        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                             RMB




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
     ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
     (XLIII) First implementation of new accounting standards or interpretations of standards
             from 2025, involving adjustments to the financial statements at the beginning of the
             year of first implementation

                  Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


     (XLIV)   Others

                  Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                               Annual Report 2025   377
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VI. TAXATION
            (I)     Main taxes and tax rates

                    Details of Major Tax Categories and Rates


                     ✓       Applicable      Not Applicable


                    Category               Tax determination basis                                                       Tax rate (%)


                    Value-added tax        The VAT payable is the difference between output tax                         6%, 9%, 13%
                                             (calculated based on sales of goods and taxable service
                                             income under the tax laws) and the deductible input tax for
                                             the current period
                    Urban maintenance      Levied on the basis of VAT actually paid                                          5%, 7%
                      and construction
                      tax
                    Corporate income       Levied on the basis of taxable profits                               15%, 16.5%, 20%, 25%
                      tax


                    Disclosure statement of taxable entities subject to different enterprise income tax rates


                     ✓       Applicable      Not Applicable


                    Name of taxable entities                                                                      Income tax rate (%)


                    China Railway Signal & Communication International Co., Ltd.                                               16.50
                    CRSC Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau (Guangzhou) Transportation Technology Co.,
                      Ltd.                                                                                                        15
                    Beijing CRSC Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                 15
                    Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                                                                              15
                    CRSCD                                                                                                         15
                    Tianshui Railway Cable Co., Ltd.                                                                              15
                    Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd.                                                                               15
                    CRSC Changsha Railway                                                                                         15
                    Shenyang Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                                                                             15
                    Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                                                                              15
                    Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                                                                                15
                    Shanghai Railway Communication Co., Ltd.                                                                      15
                    Shanghai DEUTA Electronic & Electrical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                    15
                    CASCO                                                                                                         15
                    Chengdu Railway Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                             15
                    CASCO Signal (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.                                                                              15
                    CASCO Signal (Zhengzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                            15




378      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                             RMB




VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
   (I)   Main taxes and tax rates (Continued)

         Name of taxable entities                                                              Income tax rate (%)


         CASCO Signal (Xi’an) Co., Ltd.                                                                         15
         Beijing Norrath Stantefon Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.                                            15
         CRSCC                                                                                                  15
         CRSC Communication & Information Group Shanghai Company Ltd.                                           15
         CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                    15
         CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligent                                                                          15
         Beijing National Railway Brilliance Communication Technology Co., Ltd.                                 15
         Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co., Ltd.                                                      15
         CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.                                       15
         CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Beijing Research and Design Laboratory Center Co.,
           Ltd.                                                                                                 15
         Shanghai China Railway Communication & Signal Testing Co., Ltd.                                        15
         CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                15
         Shanghai Xinhai Xintong Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                               15
         Urban Rail Transit                                                                                     15
         Xi’an Quanlutonghao Equipment Research Co., Ltd.                                                       15
         CASCO Signal (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                                                       15
         Xi'an Tonghao Railway Signaling Products Inspection Station Co., Ltd                                   20
         Zhengzhou Zhongyuan Railway Railway Transportation Operation and Maintenance Co.,
           Ltd.                                                                                                 20
         CASCO Signal (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                                                         20
         CASCO Signal (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                        20
         CASCO Signal (Jinan) Co., Ltd.                                                                         20
         Jincheng State-owned Capital Investment Railway Operation and Maintenance Co., Ltd.                    20
         CRSC Jintou Intelligent Technology (Shanxi) Co., Ltd.                                                  20




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    379
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Tax preference

                     ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


                   1.      Refund-upon-collection policy for VAT for software enterprises

                           According to the Notice of the State Council on Issuing Several Policies on Further Encouraging the
                           Development of the Software and Integrated Circuit Industries (Guo Fa [2011] No. 4) (國發[2011]4號文
                           件國務院關於印發進一步鼓勵軟件產業和集成電路產業發展若干政策的通知) issued by the State Council,
                           CRSCD, Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd., CASCO, CRSCC, Beijing Norrath Stantefon Communication
                           Equipment Co., Ltd., Chengdu Railway Communication Equipment Co., Ltd., Urban Rail Transit, and
                           CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., Ltd. enjoy the refund-upon-collection policy for the portion of
                           VAT exceeding 3% for software enterprises.


                   2.      Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises

                           (1)    CRSC Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau (Guangzhou) Transportation Technology Co., Ltd.
                                  Applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2020. The company
                                  submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent authorities
                                  in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 28 December
                                  2023. is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax
                                  rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


                           (2)    Beijing CRSC Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-
                                  new technology enterprise in 2014. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification
                                  review materials to the competent authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new
                                  technology enterprise certificate on 20 December 2023. The certificate is valid for three years.
                                  The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to
                                  2025.


                           (3)    Beijing Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                                  enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                                  to the competent authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                                  certificate on 2 December 2023. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


                           (4)    CRSCD applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2011. The
                                  company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent
                                  authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 26
                                  October 2023. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income
                                  tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.




380      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Tax preference (Continued)

          2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)

               (5)   Tianshui Railway Cable Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                     enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                     to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                     certificate on 28 October 2024. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                     enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


               (6)   Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd. was recognized as a High-Tech Enterprise in 2013. In 2025,
                     it submitted the re-examination materials for the High-Tech Enterprise qualification to the
                     competent authority, and obtained the updated High-Tech Enterprise qualification certificate
                     on 23 December 2025, with a validity period of three years. The Company shall pay enterprise
                     income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2025 to 2027.


               (7)   CRSC Changsha Railway applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                     enterprise in 2017. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                     to the competent authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                     certificate on 16 October 2023. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                     enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


               (8)   Shenyang Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                     enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                     to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                     certificate on 27 November 2024. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                     enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


               (9)   Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                     enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                     to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                     certificate on 31 October 2024. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                     enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       381
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Tax preference (Continued)

                   2.      Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)

                           (10)   Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology
                                  enterprise in 2015. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials
                                  to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise
                                  certificate on 03 December 2024. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay
                                  enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


                           (11)   Shanghai Railway Communication Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new
                                  technology enterprise in 2011. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification
                                  review materials to the competent authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new
                                  technology enterprise certificate on 12 December 2023. The certificate is valid for three years.
                                  The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to
                                  2025.


                           (12)   Shanghai DEUTA Electronic & Electrical Equipment Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised
                                  as a high-new technology enterprise in 2012. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated
                                  high-new technology enterprise certificate on 26 December 2024. The certificate is valid for three
                                  years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024
                                  to 2026.


                           (13)   CASCO applied and was finally recognised as a high-new technology enterprise in 2014. The
                                  company submitted the high-tech enterprise qualification review materials to the competent
                                  authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated high-new technology enterprise certificate on 15
                                  November 2023. The certificate is valid for three years. The company shall pay enterprise income
                                  tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


                           (14)   Chengdu Railway Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as
                                  a high-new technology enterprise in 2014. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                                  qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2023 and obtained the updated
                                  high-new technology enterprise certificate on 16 October 2023. The certificate is valid for three
                                  years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2023
                                  to 2025.




382      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Tax preference (Continued)

          2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)

               (15)   CASCO Signal (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. applied for the High-Tech Enterprise qualification in 2019 and
                      was recognized as a High-Tech Enterprise on 28 November 2019. In 2025, it submitted the re-
                      examination materials for the High-Tech Enterprise qualification to the competent authority, and
                      obtained the updated High-Tech Enterprise qualification certificate on 8 December 2025, with a
                      validity period of three years. The Company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential
                      tax rate of 15% from 2025 to 2027.


               (16)   CASCO Signal (Zhengzhou) Co., Ltd. applied and was finally recognised as a high-new
                      technology enterprise in 28 October 2021. The company submitted the high-tech enterprise
                      qualification review materials to the competent authorities in 2024 and obtained the updated
                      high-new technology enterprise certificate on 21 November 2024. The certificate is valid for three
                      years. The company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2024
                      to 2026.


               (17)   CASCO Signal (Xi'an) Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise on
                      16 December 2024, obtaining the High-Tech Enterprise Certificate, valid for three years. CASCO
                      Signal (Xi'an) Co., Ltd. enjoys a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


               (18)   Beijing Norrath Stantefon Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as
                      a high-tech enterprise in 2011. In 2023, the company submitted materials for the re-evaluation of
                      its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated High-
                      Tech Enterprise Certificate on 20 December 2023, valid for three years. The company enjoys a
                      preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


               (19)   CRSCC applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2011. In 2023, it submitted
                      materials for the re-evaluation of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities
                      and obtained the updated high-tech enterprise certification on 30 November 2023, valid for three
                      years. From 2023 to 2025, the company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential rate of
                      15%.


               (20)   CRSC Communication & Information Group Shanghai Company Ltd. applied for and was
                      recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2014. In 2023, it submitted materials for the re-evaluation
                      of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated
                      high-tech enterprise certification on 12 December 2023, valid for three years. From 2023 to 2025,
                      the company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential rate of 15%.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         383
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Tax preference (Continued)

                   2.      Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)

                           (21)   CRSC Information Industry Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in
                                  2015. In 2024, it passed the re-evaluation of its high-tech enterprise qualification and obtained
                                  the updated high-tech enterprise certification on 29 October 2024, valid for three years. From
                                  2024 to 2026, the company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential rate of 15%.


                           (22)   CRSC Low-altitude Intelligence applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in
                                  2018. In 2024, it submitted materials for the re-evaluation of its high-tech enterprise qualification
                                  to the competent authorities and obtained the updated high-tech enterprise certification on
                                  29 October 2024, valid for three years. From 2024 to 2026, the company shall pay enterprise
                                  income tax at the preferential rate of 15%.


                           (23)   Beijing National Railway Brilliance Communication Technology Co., Ltd. applied for and was
                                  recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2020. In 2023, it submitted materials for the re-evaluation
                                  of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated
                                  high-tech enterprise certification on 26 October 2023, valid for three years. From 2023 to 2025,
                                  the company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential rate of 15%.


                           (24)   Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-tech
                                  enterprise in 2020. In 2023, it submitted materials for the re-evaluation of its high-tech enterprise
                                  qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated High-Tech Enterprise
                                  Certificate on 16 October 2023. The certificate is valid for three years, and the company will
                                  enjoy a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


                           (25)   CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Construction Engineering Co., Ltd. applied for the High-
                                  Tech Enterprise qualification in 2016 and was recognized as such. In 2025, it submitted the re-
                                  examination materials for the High-Tech Enterprise qualification to the competent authority, and
                                  obtained the updated High-Tech Enterprise qualification certificate on 8 December 2025, with a
                                  validity period of three years. The Company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential
                                  tax rate of 15% from 2025 to 2027.


                           (26)   CRSC Engineering Bureau Group Beijing Research and Design Laboratory Center Co., Ltd.
                                  applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2015. In 2024, it submitted materials
                                  for the re-evaluation of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and
                                  obtained the updated High-Tech Enterprise Certificate on 31 December 2024. The certificate is
                                  valid for three years, and the company will enjoy a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%
                                  from 2024 to 2026.




384      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Tax preference (Continued)

          2.   Tax preferential policy for high-new technology enterprises (Continued)

               (27)   Shanghai Xinhai Xintong Information Technology Co., Ltd. applied for the High-Tech Enterprise
                      qualification in 2016 and was recognized as such. In 2025, it submitted the re-examination
                      materials for the High-Tech Enterprise qualification to the competent authority, and obtained
                      the updated High-Tech Enterprise qualification certificate on 25 December 2025, with a validity
                      period of three years. The Company shall pay enterprise income tax at the preferential tax rate of
                      15% from 2025 to 2027.


               (28)   CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-tech
                      enterprise in 2012. In 2024, the company submitted materials for the renewal of its high-
                      tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated high-tech
                      enterprise certification on 16 December 2024, valid for three years. The company is subject to a
                      preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


               (29)   Shanghai China Railway Communication & Signal Testing Co., Ltd. applied for and was
                      recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2015. In 2024, the company submitted materials for the
                      renewal of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the
                      updated high-tech enterprise certification in 2024, valid for three years. The company is subject
                      to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2024 to 2026.


               (30)   Urban Rail Transit applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise in 2020. In 2023,
                      the company submitted materials for the renewal of its high-tech enterprise qualification to the
                      competent authorities and obtained the updated high-tech enterprise certification on 26 October
                      2023, valid for three years. The company is subject to a preferential corporate income tax rate of
                      15% from 2023 to 2025.


               (31)   Xi’an Quanlutonghao Equipment Research Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-
                      tech enterprise in 2024 and obtained the high-tech enterprise certification on 16 December 2024,
                      valid for three years. The company is subject to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%
                      from 2024 to 2026.


               (32)   CASCO Signal (Beijing) Co., Ltd. applied for and was recognized as a high-tech enterprise
                      in 2020. In 2023, the company submitted materials for the renewal of its high-tech enterprise
                      qualification to the competent authorities and obtained the updated high-tech enterprise
                      certification on 26 October 2023, valid for three years. The company is subject to a preferential
                      corporate income tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        385
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Tax preference (Continued)

                   3.      Preferential taxation policies for the western development strategy

                           According to the Announcement of the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration and the
                           National Development and Reform Commission on Continuation of the Enterprise Income Tax Policies of
                           Western Development (MOF Announcement [2020] No.23), from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2030,
                           an enterprise in western area engaged in industries encouraged is subject to the enterprise income tax
                           rate of 15%. Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd. and Xi’ an Quanlutonghao Equipment Research Co., Ltd. are
                           eligible for the preferential tax policies related to the western development strategy.


                   4.      Preferential taxation policies for small low-profit enterprises

                           Pursuant to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning the
                           Implementation of Preferential Income Tax Policies to Support the Development of Small Low- Profit
                           Enterprises (SAT Announcement [2022] No. 13) and Individual Business (SAT Announcement [2023]
                           No. 6) and Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on Further
                           Implementing the Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises (Announcement No.
                           12 [2023] of the MOF and the SAT), from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2027, the portion of annual
                           taxable income of a small low profit enterprise which does not exceed RMB1 million shall be calculated
                           at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable income amount and shall be subject to EIT at 20% tax rate. Xi'an
                           Tonghao Railway Signaling Products Inspection Station Co., Ltd, Zhengzhou Zhongyuan Railway Railway
                           Transportation Operation and Maintenance Co., Ltd., CASCO Signal (Jinan) Co., Ltd., CASCO Signal
                           (Wuhan) Co., Ltd., CASCO Signal (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd., Jincheng State-owned Capital Investment Railway
                           Operation and Maintenance Co., Ltd., CRSC Jintou Intelligent Technology (Shanxi) Co., Ltd. are eligible
                           for the preferential tax policies for small and micro-profit enterprises.




386      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




VI. TAXATION (CONTINUED)
   (II)    Tax preference (Continued)

           5.    Additional input VAT deduction policy

                 Pursuant to the Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration on
                 Additional Value-Added Tax Credit Policy for Advanced Manufacturing Enterprises (Announcement [2023]
                 No. 43 of Ministry of Finance and State Taxation Administration, from 1 January 2023 to 31 December
                 2027, an advanced manufacturing enterprise is allowed to credit the amount of input tax creditable in
                 the current period plus 5% thereof against the amount of tax payable (hereinafter referred to as the
                 “additional tax credit policy”). Jiaozuo Railway Cable Co., Ltd., Tianshui Railway Cable Co., Ltd., Beijing
                 Railway Signal Co., Ltd., Shenyang Railway Signal Co., Ltd., Xi’an Railway Signal Co., Ltd., Shanghai
                 Railway Communication Co., Ltd., Tianjin Railway Signal Co., Ltd., CRSC Communication & Information
                 Group Shanghai Company Ltd., and Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co., Ltd. enjoyed the input
                 VAT credit policy.


           6.    Corporate income tax deduction policies for loan loss provisions of financial
                 enterprises

                 According to the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 on the Policies Related to the Pre-tax Deduction of Corporate Income Tax for Loan Loss Reserves of
                 Financial Enterprises” (Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 No. 86 of 2019), the pre-tax deduction of corporate income tax for loan loss reserves withdrawn from
                 loan assets of financial enterprises such as policy banks, commercial banks, finance companies,
                 urban and rural credit cooperatives, and financial leasing companies, including bank card overdrafts,
                 discounts, and credit advances, etc., is implemented from 1 January 2019 to December 31, 2023. The
                 formula for calculating the loan loss reserves that financial enterprises are allowed to deduct before tax
                 in the current year is as follows:


                 Loan loss reserves allowed to be deducted before tax in the current year = balance of loan assets at the
                 end of the year allowed to withdraw loan loss reserves × 1% – balance of loan loss reserves already
                 deducted before tax as of the end of the previous year. According to the Announcement on Extending
                 the Implementation Period of Certain Preferential Tax Policies (Announcement of the Ministry of Finance
                 and the State Administration of Taxation No. 6 of 2021), the policy on pre-tax deduction of corporate
                 income tax for reserves stipulated in six documents, including the Notice of the Ministry of Finance and
                 the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Related to the Pre-tax Deduction of Corporate Income
                 Tax for Insurance Companies’ Reserve Expenditures (Cai Shui [2016] No. 114), shall continue to be
                 implemented after the expiration of the policy. The Finance Company will enjoy this preferential tax
                 policy in 2025.


   (III)   Others

            ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         387
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (I)     Monetary funds

                     ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                    Item                                                                                    Closing balance                   Opening balance


                    Cash on hand                                                                                    257,618.18                         278,854.20
                    Bank deposits                                                                         21,913,207,215.04                  22,137,643,375.17
                    Other monetary funds                                                                      472,649,526.31                     439,093,767.95
                    Deposits with Finance Company                                                                                –                                  –
                    Total                                                                                 22,386,114,359.53                  22,577,015,997.32


                    Including: Total amount deposited abroad                                                  100,206,077.78                     284,032,547.96



                    Other explanation


                    The relationship between the Company’s monetary funds and cash and cash equivalents is as follows:


                    Item                                                                                    Closing balance                   Opening balance


                    Closing balance of monetary funds for the period/year                                 22,386,114,359.53                  22,577,015,997.32
                    Less: Monetary funds with unrestricted usage rights but not
                              belonging to cash and cash equivalents                                       6,680,901,318.95                   5,727,488,863.66
                    Less: Restricted monetary funds                                                           542,779,025.99                     443,657,457.27
                    Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents
                      for the period/year                                                                 15,162,434,014.59                  16,405,869,676.39


                    Notes: 1.     A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2025, t h e C o m p a n y ’ s c a s h a n d b a n k b a l a n c e s d e p o s i t e d a b r o a d w e r e
                                  RMB100,206,077.78. (31 December 2024: RMB284,032,547.96).

                             2.   As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s restricted cash were RMB542,779,025.99. (31 December 2024:
                                  RMB443,657,457.27), see Note VII. (XXXI) to these financial statements.

                             3.   The monetary funds with unrestricted usage rights but not belonging to cash and cash equivalents are
                                  mainly non-pledged/secured and unrestricted time deposits with maturity of three months or above.

                             4.   Interest income from demand deposits is earned at the bank’s interest rate on the demand deposits. The
                                  Company determines the period of maturity of short-term time deposit on the basis of its needs for cash
                                  and earns the interest income at the bank’s corresponding interest rate on the time deposits.




388      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                 RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (II)    Trading financial assets

                Applicable    ✓       Not Applicable


   (III)   Held-for-trading financial assets

                Applicable    ✓       Not Applicable


   (IV)    Notes receivable

           1.    Breakdown of notes receivable

                  ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                            Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                 Item                                         Closing balance            Opening balance


                 Banker acceptance bills                       486,128,192.06             121,532,968.47
                 Commercial acceptance notes                   981,164,528.98             987,800,611.99
                 Less: Provision for bad debt                     2,943,493.59               4,168,183.92


                 Total                                        1,464,349,227.45           1,105,165,396.54



           2.    Notes receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the period

                  ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                            Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount pledged
                 Item                                                            at the end of the period


                 Banker acceptance bills                                                   37,545,226.24
                 Commercial acceptance notes                                              232,962,468.33


                 Total                                                                    270,507,694.57




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        389
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IV)    Notes receivable (Continued)

                   3.      Notes receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company at the end of the
                           period and not yet due on the balance sheet date

                            ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Amount                      Amount
                                                                                      derecognised at the   not derecognised at the
                           Item                                                         end of the period           end of the period


                           Banker acceptance bills                                                     –              37,545,226.24
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                                 –             232,962,468.33


                           Total                                                                       –             270,507,694.57



                   4.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of accounts receivable for which the
                           allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




390      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                     RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Notes receivable (Continued)

          5.   Provision for bad debts

                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


          6.   Write-off of notes receivable for the period

                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Write-off of significant notes receivable:


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Explanation on the write-off of notes receivable:


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Other explanation


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   391
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Accounts receivable

                   1.      Disclosure by aging on recording dates

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Closing               Book balance
                                                                          gross carrying            at the beginning
                           Aging                                                 amount                 of the period


                           Within 1 year (inclusive)                    15,113,784,983.15      18,054,312,675.80
                           1 to 2 years                                  6,095,332,891.27           5,200,622,204.18
                           2 to 3 years                                  2,771,758,047.51           3,227,097,990.46
                           Over 3 years                                  3,326,770,825.71           2,418,537,902.13
                           Subtotal                                     27,307,646,747.64      28,900,570,772.57
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                  2,306,185,346.88           1,927,205,655.94


                           Total                                        25,001,461,400.76      26,973,365,116.63




392      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                               RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
              (V)               Accounts receivable (Continued)

                                2.     Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                          ✓        Applicable                   Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan                Currency: RMB


                                                                      Closing balance                                                                          Opening balance
                                           Closing balance               Provision for bad debt                                     Closing balance                Provision for bad debt
Category                                      Amount Percentage                Amount Proportion                Book value              Amount Percentage                Amount      Proportion           Book Value
                                                                (%)                                 (%)                                                  (%)                                  (%)


Single provision for bad debt          492,729,713.97          1.80      420,675,887.70           85.38      72,053,826.27      464,413,071.03          1.61      413,840,344.55            89.11      50,572,726.48
Of which:
Single provision for bad debt          492,729,713.97          1.80      420,675,887.70           85.38      72,053,826.27      464,413,071.03          1.61      413,840,344.55            89.11      50,572,726.48
Provision withdrawn for bad debt
  on a combination basis:            26,814,917,033.67        98.20    1,885,509,459.18            7.03   24,929,407,574.49   28,436,157,701.54        98.39    1,513,365,311.39             5.32   26,922,792,390.15
Including:
Provision withdrawn for bad debt
  on a combination basis:            26,814,917,033.67        98.20    1,885,509,459.18            7.03   24,929,407,574.49   28,436,157,701.54        98.39    1,513,365,311.39             5.32   26,922,792,390.15


Total                                27,307,646,747.64       100.00    2,306,185,346.88               /   25,001,461,400.76   28,900,570,772.57       100.00    1,927,205,655.94                /   26,973,365,116.63




                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                         393
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Accounts receivable (Continued)

                   2.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

                           Single provision for bad debt:


                            ✓      Applicable              Not Applicable


                           31 December 2025


                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                              Closing balance

                                                                                        Provision for                         Reasons for
                           Name                                     Closing balance         bad debt        Proportion (%)    making provision


                           Single provision for bad debt             492,729,713.97    420,675,887.70                85.38    –


                           Total                                     492,729,713.97    420,675,887.70                85.38    –



                           31 December 2024


                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                               Closing balance

                                                                                         Provision for                        Reasons for
                           Name                                      Closing balance        bad debt         Proportion (%)   making provision


                           Single provision for bad debt             464,413,071.03    413,840,344.55                89.11    –


                           Total                                     464,413,071.03    413,840,344.55                89.11    –



                           Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable      ✓       Not Applicable


                           Bad debt provision assessed based on credit risk portfolios:


                            ✓      Applicable              Not Applicable


                           Group Items:



394      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)

         2.   Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

              31 December 2025


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                   Closing balance

                                                    Accounts             Provision for
              Name                                  receivable               bad debt          Proportion (%)


              Within 1 year                  15,112,126,753.78          75,274,427.52                    0.50
              1 to 2 years                    6,092,644,279.90         302,315,734.36                    4.96
              2 to 3 years                    2,765,662,050.89         276,511,649.67                  10.00
              Over 3 years                    2,844,483,949.10       1,231,407,647.63                  43.29


              Total                          26,814,917,033.67       1,885,509,459.18                       /



              31 December 2024


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                    Closing balance

                                                     Accounts
              Name                                  receivable   Provision for bad debt        Proportion (%)


              Within 1 year                  18,053,365,964.43          89,718,212.07                    0.50
              1 to 2 years                    5,195,941,361.98         259,268,958.52                    4.99
              2 to 3 years                    3,226,628,723.55         322,470,221.40                    9.99
              Over 3 years                    1,960,221,651.58         841,907,919.40                  42.95


              Total                          28,436,157,701.54       1,513,365,311.39                       /




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        395
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Accounts receivable (Continued)

                   2.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

                           Explanation on provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of accounts receivable for which the
                           allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




396      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                     RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
           (V)       Accounts receivable (Continued)

                    3.          Provision for bad debts

                                   ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


                                31 December 2025


                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                            Change during the period

                                                                             Recovery            Write-off or
Category                               Opening balance        Provision     or reversal         cancellation    Other changes      Closing balance


Single provision for bad debt            413,840,344.55     6,856,508.46     20,965.31                     –                –       420,675,887.70
Provision withdrawn for bad debt
  on a combination basis               1,513,365,311.39   372,150,905.03             –                 675.53        -6,081.71     1,885,509,459.18


Total                                  1,927,205,655.94   379,007,413.49     20,965.31                 675.53        -6,081.71     2,306,185,346.88



                                Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                Item                                                                                     Amount Recovered


                                Amount recovered during the period                                                                   20,965.31




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025              397
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
                 (V)       Accounts receivable (Continued)

                          3.          Provision for bad debts (Continued)

                                      31 December 2024


                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Change in amount during the period

                                                                                    Recovery or             Write-off or
      Category                               Opening balance         Provision          reversal           cancellation    Other changes      Closing balance


      Single provision for bad debt           408,995,657.16      9,617,917.45     4,577,696.22             195,533.84                 –      413,840,344.55
      Provision withdrawn for bad debt
        on a combination basis               1,196,873,265.78   316,500,354.76                –              13,708.00          5,398.85     1,513,365,311.39


      Total                                  1,605,868,922.94   326,118,272.21     4,577,696.22             209,241.84          5,398.85     1,927,205,655.94



                                      Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                         ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


                                      Amount of bad debt provision recovered or reversed in the prior period:


                                      Item                                                                                           Amount recovered


                                      Recovered in the current period                                                                       4,577,696.22




398           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                       RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Accounts receivable (Continued)

         4.   Write-off of accounts receivable for the period

               ✓     Applicable        Not Applicable


              2025


                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


              Item                                                            Write-off amount


              Accounts receivable actually written off                                   675.53


              2024


                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


              Item                                                            Write-off amount


              Accounts receivable actually written off                               209,241.84


              Write-off of Significant accounts receivable


                     Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


              Explanation on the write-off of accounts receivable:


                     Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                         Annual Report 2025       399
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Accounts receivable (Continued)

                   5.      Details of the top five accounts receivable and contract assets by debtor based
                           on ending balances

                            ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                           As at 31 December 2025, the total amount of top five accounts receivable and contract assets by closing
                           balance of debtors amounted to RMB3,136,248,116.66 in total, accounting for 5.20% of the total closing
                           balance of accounts receivable and contract assets. The closing balance of the corresponding provision
                           for bad debt amounted to RMB67,487,784.81 in total.


                           As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of top five accounts receivable and contract assets by closing
                           balance of debtors amounted to RMB3,033,480,470.74 in total, accounting for 4.93% of the total closing
                           balance of accounts receivable and contract assets. The closing balance of the corresponding provision
                           for bad debt amounted to RMB115,884,386.41 in total.


                   6.      Restricted accounts receivable

                           Other explanation:


                            ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


                           As at 31 December 2025, the Company pledged trade receivables of RMB688,685,201.79 and
                           other non-current assets of RMB4,738,943,742.04 (31 December 2024: trade receivables of
                           RMB680,198,573,12, other non-current assets: RMB4,915,049,570.76) pledged for obtaining long-term
                           loans of RMB2,972,083,923.00 (31 December 2024: RMB3,037,783,923.00), please refer to “Note Ⅶ.
                           (XXXI)” for details.


                           As at 31 December 2025, the outstanding amount of the Company’s accounts receivable factoring
                           business with recourse was RMB234,849,903.52.




400      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                    RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
         (VI)       Contract assets

                    1.      Information of contract assets

                             ✓     Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                             Closing balance                                             Opening balance

                                                 Provision for                                                Provision for
Item                     Closing balance             bad debt    Carrying amount       Closing balance           bad debt       Carrying amount


Completed but not
 yet settled             32,964,369,050.41      115,610,260.63   32,848,758,789.78   32,610,986,208.78      140,768,010.62     32,470,218,198.16


Total                    32,964,369,050.41      115,610,260.63   32,848,758,789.78   32,610,986,208.78      140,768,010.62     32,470,218,198.16



                    2.      Amount of and reason for significant change in carrying amount within the
                            Reporting Period

                                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


                    3.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


                            Single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


                            Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


                            Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025            401
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
              (VI)       Contract assets (Continued)

                         3.       Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

                                  Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                         Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                                  Basis for classification by stage and provision ratios for bad debt


                                  Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of contract assets during the period due to
                                  variations in loss provisions:


                                         Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                         4.       Provision for impairment of contract assets in the period

                                   ✓     Applicable          Not Applicable


                                  2025


                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                Change during the period

                                                                        Recovery or     Cancellation or
                                                      Provision for      reversal for      write-off for
      Item                    Opening balance           the period        the period         the period     Other changes    Closing balance


      Completed but
       not yet settled          140,768,010.62     -25,143,784.82                  –                    –       -13,965.17    115,610,260.63


      Total                     140,768,010.62     -25,143,784.82                  –                    –       -13,965.17    115,610,260.63




402       China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                  RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
        (VI)       Contract assets (Continued)

                   4.      Provision for impairment of contract assets in the period (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                                Unit: RMB Currency: RMB


                                                            Change during the period

                                                                    Recovery or        Cancellation or
                        Closing balance         Provision for        reversal for         write-off for
Item                         of last year         the period          the period           the period     Other changes     Closing balance


Completed but
 not yet settled        138,615,122.56         2,144,319.83                    –                     –         8,568.23      140,768,010.62


Total                   138,615,122.56         2,144,319.83                    –                     –         8,568.23      140,768,010.62


                           Notes: 1.        Contract assets of the Company are derived from provision of construction services to
                                            customers and recognition of revenue over a period of time. At time of settlement of project-
                                            related payments, any such contract asset turns into the unconditional right to collect payments
                                            and is transferred into the receivables.

                                    2.      As of 31 December 2025, the expected credit loss rate for contract assets was 0.35% (0.43% as
                                            of 31 December 2024).


                           Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                  Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025          403
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (VI)    Contract assets (Continued)

                    5.     Write-off of contract assets for the period

                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Write-off of significant contract assets


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on the write-off of contract assets:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


            (VII)   Receivables for financing

                    1.     Breakdown of financing receivables

                            ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                           Item                                                            Closing balance              Opening balance


                           Bank acceptance bills                                             262,330,433.06              289,295,442.21
                           Other credit instruments measured at fair value
                             through other comprehensive income                              533,376,726.36              486,540,407.19


                           Total                                                             795,707,159.42              775,835,849.40


                           Note:    The Company endorses or discounts certain bank acceptance bills in its daily treasury management.
                                    The business model for managing the aforementioned notes receivable and other credit instruments
                                    aims at both the collection and sales of contractual cash flows; therefore, the Company reclassifies
                                    these notes receivable and other credit instruments as financial assets at fair value through other
                                    comprehensive income, and presents them as receivable for financing.




404      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                        RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (VII)   Receivables for financing (Continued)

           2.   Accounts receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the period
                (Continued)

                        Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


           3.   Financing of accounts receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company at
                the end of the period and not yet due on the balance sheet date

                 ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                               Amount                   Amount
                                                                      derecognised at       not derecognised at
                Item                                              the end of the period    the end of the period


                Bank acceptance bills                                   715,094,331.33                         –
                Other credit instruments measured at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income                    368,470,627.82                         –


                Total                                                 1,083,564,959.15                         –




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       405
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (VII)   Receivables for financing (Continued)

                    4.     Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of receivables for financing for which the
                           allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                    5.     Provision for bad debts

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




406      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (VII)    Receivables for financing (Continued)

            6.   Write-off of notes receivable for the period

                         Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


                 Write-off of significant notes receivables for financing


                         Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


                 Explanation on write-off:


                         Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            7.   The increase/decrease and fair value change of receivables for financing in the
                 period:

                         Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            8.   Other explanation:

                         Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


   (VIII)   Prepayments

            1.   Ageing analysis of prepayments

                  ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                 Aging                                         Closing balance                        Opening balance
                                                              Amount        Proportion (%)            Amount       Proportion (%)


                 Within 1 year                         795,507,203.73               65.82     780,494,159.43               67.21
                 1 to 2 years                          218,116,781.60               18.05     228,887,866.56               19.71
                 2 to 3 years                           78,514,952.53                 6.50    111,213,218.50                 9.58
                 Over 3 years                          116,510,707.37                 9.63     40,713,153.05                 3.50


                 Total                                1,208,649,645.23             100.00    1,161,308,397.54             100.00




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          407
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (VIII)   Prepayments (Continued)

                     2.    Top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid parties

                            ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


                           As at 31 December 2025, the total amount of top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid
                           parties amounted to RMB164,066,616.62, accounting for 13.57% of the closing balance of the total
                           prepayments.


                           As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of top five prepayments by closing balance of prepaid
                           parties amounted to RMB119,752,714.36, accounting for 10.31% of the closing balance of the total
                           prepayments.


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




408      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                       RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables

          Presentation of items

           ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                    Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


          Item                                        Closing balance            Opening balance


          Interests receivable                                      –                           –
          Dividends receivable                            9,391,355.40               5,808,000.00
          Other receivables                           1,518,459,031.81           1,606,871,459.07


          Total                                       1,527,850,387.21           1,612,679,459.07



          Other explanation:


                  Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                         Annual Report 2025         409
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                    Interests receivable


                   1.      Classification of interest receivable

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   2.      Significant overdue interest

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   3.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   4.      Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit
                           losses

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of interests receivable for which the allowance
                           for loss has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




410      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                     RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Interests receivable (Continued)

          5.   Provision for bad debts

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


          6.   Write-off of interest receivable for the period

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Write-off of significant interest receivable


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Explanation on write-off:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Other explanation:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   411
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Dividends receivable

                   1.      Dividends receivable

                            ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                           Item (or Investee)                                         Closing balance           Opening balance


                           CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                1,008,000.00              1,008,000.00
                           Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                                3,990,000.00              4,800,000.00
                           Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.                  1,340,621.64                         –
                           Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                             Co., Ltd.                                                   1,552,733.76                         –
                           China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                     1,500,000.00                         –
                           Subtotal                                                      9,391,355.40              5,808,000.00
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                                            –                          –


                           Total                                                         9,391,355.40              5,808,000.00



                   2.      Significant dividends receivable aging over 1 year

                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                   3.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                           Single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                           Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable



412      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                       RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Dividends receivable (Continued)

          4.   Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit
               losses

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of dividends receivable for which the
               allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


          5.   Provision for bad debts

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


          6.   Actual write-off of dividends receivable in current period

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Write-off of significant dividends receivable


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Explanation on write-off:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Other explanation:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      413
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables

                   1.      Disclosure by aging

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Closing gross       Book balance at the
                           Aging                                        carrying amount    beginning of the period


                           Within 1 year (inclusive)                     522,401,717.08             557,381,355.72
                           1 to 2 years                                  200,198,535.59             392,335,271.40
                           2 to 3 years                                  230,082,587.76             162,770,493.67
                           Over 3 years                                  821,160,835.48             756,753,518.06
                           Subtotal                                     1,773,843,675.91           1,869,240,638.85
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                  255,384,644.10             262,369,179.78


                           Total                                        1,518,459,031.81           1,606,871,459.07



                   2.      Classified by nature

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Closing gross       Book balance at the
                           Nature of accounts                           carrying amount    beginning of the period


                           Performance and tender bonds                 1,073,844,174.89           1,153,444,162.49
                           Advance payments                              132,496,262.09             119,600,631.81
                           Various deposits                              203,807,022.00              97,053,219.08
                           Others                                        363,696,216.93             499,142,625.47
                           Subtotal                                     1,773,843,675.91           1,869,240,638.85
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                  255,384,644.1 0            262,369,179.78


                           Total                                        1,518,459,031.81           1,606,871,459.07




414      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Other receivables (Continued)

          3.   Provision for bad debt

                ✓     Applicable             Not Applicable


               2025


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2         Stage 3

                                                                         Lifetime ECL     Lifetime ECL
                                                              12-month    (non-credit          (credit-
               Provision for bad debt                             ECL       impaired)        impaired)              Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2025            52,195,896.02               –    210,173,283.76     262,369,179.78
               Balance as at 1 January 2025
                 during the current period                           –             –                 –                 –
               – Transferred to stage 2                              –             –                 –                 –
               – Transferred to stage 3               -13,759,152.74               –     13,759,152.74                 –
               – Transferred to stage 2                              –             –                 –                 –
               – Transferred to stage 1                              –             –                 –                 –
               Provision for the period                 2,411,859.37               –     -9,391,284.23      -6,979,424.86
               Reversal for the period                               –             –                 –                 –
               Write-off for the period                              –             –                 –                 –
               Cancellation for the period                           –             –         -5,110.82          -5,110.82
               Other changes                                         –             –                 –                 –


               Balance as at 31 December 2025          40,848,602.65               –    214,536,041.45     255,384,644.10




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         415
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables (Continued)

                   3.      Provision for bad debt (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                     Unit: RMB Currency: RMB


                                                                     Stage 1       Stage 2           Stage 3

                                                                               Lifetime ECL      Lifetime ECL
                                                                    12-month    (non-credit           (credit-
                           Provision for bad debt                       ECL      impaired)         impaired)              Total


                           Amounts due as at 1 January 2024   57,401,056.63              –    150,450,195.29     207,851,251.92
                           Amounts due as at 1 January 2024                –             –                  –                 –
                           – Transferred to stage 2                        –             –                  –                 –
                           – Transferred to stage 3           -16,754,700.50              –    16,754,700.50                  –
                           – Transferred to stage 2                        –              –                 –                 –
                           – Transferred to stage 1                        –              –                 –                 –
                           Provision for the period           11,549,539.89               –    43,017,163.17      54,566,703.06
                           Reversal for the period                        –              –       -48,775.20         -48,775.20
                           Write-off for the period                       –              –                  –                –
                           Cancellation for the period                    –              –                  –                –
                           Other changes                                  –              –                  –                –


                           Amounts due as at
                             31 December 2024                 52,195,896.02              –    210,173,283.76     262,369,179.78




416      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Other receivables (Continued)

          3.   Provision for bad debt (Continued)

               Significant changes in the carrying amount of other receivables for which the allowance for loss has
               changed in the period:


                ✓     Applicable              Not Applicable


               2025


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                Stage 1        Stage 2         Stage 3

                                                                          Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL
                                                               12-month    (non-credit          (credit-
                                                                   ECL       impaired)       impaired)                 Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2025            1,291,260,826.60             –    577,979,812.25     1,869,240,638.85
               Balance as at 1 January 2025 during
               the period                                             –             –                 –                   –
               – Transition to Phase I                                –             –                 –                   –
               – Transferred to stage 2                               –             –                 –                   –
               – Transferred to stage 3                  -28,006,648.90             –     28,006,648.90                   –
               Addition                                 522,401,717.08              –      4,617,933.17      527,019,650.25
               Derecognised                             -603,324,450.02             –    -19,092,163.17      -622,416,613.19
               Other changes                                          –             –                 –                   –


               Balance as at 31 December 2025          1,182,331,444.76             –    591,512,231.15     1,773,843,675.91




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025           417
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables (Continued)

                   3.      Provision for bad debt (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                             Stage 1       Stage 2           Stage 3

                                                                                       Lifetime ECL     Lifetime ECL
                                                                           12-month     (non-credit          (credit-
                                                                                ECL      impaired)         impaired)                Total


                           Amounts due as at 1 January 2024        1,263,682,670.67              –    475,631,154.86     1,739,313,825.53
                           Amounts due as at 1 January 2024                        –             –                 –                    –
                           – Transferred to stage 1                                –             –                 –                    –
                           – Transferred to stage 2                                –             –                 –                    –
                           – Transferred to stage 3                 -115,377,376.49              –    115,377,376.49                    –
                           Addition                                 551,667,228.40               –      5,714,127.32      557,381,355.72
                           Derecognised                             -408,726,764.73              –    -18,742,846.42      -427,469,611.15
                           Other changes                                   15,068.75             –                 –           15,068.75


                           Amounts due as at 31 December 2024      1,291,260,826.60              –    577,979,812.25     1,869,240,638.85



                           Amount of provision for bad debts for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of fi nancial
                           instruments increase significantly:


                                  Applicable          ✓   Not Applicable




418      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                             RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
        (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                Other receivables (Continued)

                4.       Provision for bad debts

                          ✓     Applicable            Not Applicable


                         2025


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                  Change during the period

                                                                       Recovery          Write-off
Categories           Opening balance            Provision         or reversal      or cancellation    Other changes    Closing balance


Provision for bad
 debt                  262,369,179.78        -6,979,424.86                     -          5,110.82                      255,384,644.10


Total                  262,369,179.78        -6,979,424.86                    –           5,110.82                      255,384,644.10



                         2024


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                   Change during the period

                                                                  Recovery or             Write-off
Categories           Opening balance               Provision            reversal    or cancellation   Other changes    Closing balance


Provision for bad
 debt                  207,851,251.92        54,566,703.06             48,775.20                 –                –     262,369,179.78


Total                  207,851,251.92        54,566,703.06             48,775.20                 –                –     262,369,179.78



                         Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        419
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (IX)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables (Continued)

                   5.      Write-off of other receivables for the period

                            ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                           Item                                                       Amount of write-off


                           Other receivables actually written off                                 5,110.82



                           Write-off of other significant receivables:


                                  Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on the write-off of other receivables:


                                  Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




420      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                            RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (IX)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Other receivables (Continued)

          6.   Top five other receivables by closing balance of debtors

                ✓       Applicable               Not Applicable


                                                                   Percentage of total                                                     Provision for
                                                                   closing balance of                                                         bad debt
               Name                              Closing balance    other receivables    Nature of accounts   Aging                     Closing balance
                                                                                  (%)


               Land and Mining Rights Reserve    360,028,616.92                 20.30     Performance and     More than 5 years          96,073,410.61
                 Bureau of Tongren Municipal                                                  tender bonds
                 People’s Government
               Zhaojue County Urban and          100,000,000.00                  5.64      Various deposits   2-3 years
                 Rural Construction Investment
                 Development Co., Ltd.
               Liupanshui Meihua Mountain         84,565,563.22                  4.77               Others    Within 1 year               1,956,516.87
                 Eco-Cultural Tourism                                                                         925,416.67; 1-2 years
                 Development Co., Ltd.                                                                        5,258,229.17; 2-3 years
                                                                                                              54,435,758.83; 3-4
                                                                                                              years 14,205,555.55;
                                                                                                              4-5 years 9,740,603.00
               Bijie Industrial Energy            30,000,000.00                  1.69     Performance and     4-5 years
                 Investment & Construction                                                    tender bonds
                 Co.
               Guizhou Construction               28,006,648.90                  1.58    Advance payments     More than 5 years          15,944,994.29
                 Engineering Group Co., Ltd.


               Total                             602,600,829.04                 33.97                     /   /                         113,974,921.77



               As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of top five debtors with the largest closing balance of other
               receivables amounted to RMB718,777,633.37 in total, accounting for 38.45% of the total closing balance
               of other receivables. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
               RMB103,029,927.48 in total.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025           421
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
                 (IX)       Other receivables (Continued)

                            Other receivables (Continued)

                            7.    Other receivables derecognised due to the transfer of financial assets

                                          Applicable      ✓      Not Applicable

                                   Other explanation:


                                          Applicable      ✓      Not Applicable

                 (X)        Inventories

                            1.    Classification of Inventories

                                    ✓     Applicable             Not Applicable


                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                                     Closing balance                                              Opening balance

                                                          Provision for                                                   Provision for
                                                    decline in value of                                             decline in value of
                                                 inventories/provision                                           inventories/provision
                                                     for impairment of                                               for impairment of
                                                              contract            Carrying                                    contract             Carrying
      Item                       Closing balance     performance cost              amount      Closing balance      performance cost                amount

      Raw materials              1,311,920,073.84          6,431,913.61    1,305,488,160.23   1,415,008,318.65           5,688,721.59      1,409,319,597.06
      Turnover materials             4,627,937.89                     –        4,627,937.89       4,150,415.49                      –          4,150,415.49
      Materials for
        consigned
        processing                 16,042,390.89                       –     16,042,390.89        7,215,319.84                       –         7,215,319.84
      Self-made semi-finished
        products and work-in
        process                    970,022,818.11             396,628.22     969,626,189.89     930,752,844.99             407,057.50        930,345,787.49
      Stocks                     1,055,747,003.17               7,873.08   1,055,739,130.09   1,102,888,165.90               7,873.08      1,102,880,292.82


      Total                      3,358,360,223.90          6,836,414.91    3,351,523,808.99   3,460,015,064.87           6,103,652.17      3,453,911,412.70


                            2.    Data resources recognised as inventory

                                          Applicable      ✓      Not Applicable




422           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
        (X)   Inventories (Continued)

              3.     Provision for decline in value of inventories and provision for impairment of
                     contract performance cost

                      ✓     Applicable       Not Applicable


                     2025


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                         Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                            Opening                                          Reversal                            Closing
Item                        balance        Provision           Others      or write-off        Others            balance


Raw materials         5,688,721.59        743,192.02                  –               –                 –    6,431,913.61
Self-made semi-
   finished
   products and
   work-in process        407,057.50      -10,429.28                  –               –                 –      396,628.22
Finished goods              7,873.08               -                  –               –                 –        7,873.08


Total                 6,103,652.17        732,762.74                  –               –                 –    6,836,414.91


                     2024


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                         Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                            Opening                                           Reversal                            Closing
Item                        balance         Provision          Others       or write-off        Others            balance


Raw materials         5,706,790.43        -18,068.84                  –               –                 –    5,688,721.59
Self-made semi-
   finished
   products and
   work-in process        481,398.37      -74,340.87                  –               –                 –      407,057.50
Finished goods            102,073.61      -94,200.53                  –               –                 –        7,873.08


Total                 6,290,262.41       -186,610.24                  –               –                 –    6,103,652.17




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        423
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (X)     Inventories (Continued)

                   3.      Provision for decline in value of inventories and provision for impairment of
                           contract performance cost (Continued)

                           Reasons for reversal or write-off of inventory write-down for the period:


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision for inventory write-down on a combination basis


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                           Criteria for provision withdrawn for inventory write-down on a combination basis


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                   4.      Amount and calculation of capitalized amount of the borrowing cost in the
                           closing balance of inventories

                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                   5.      Explanation about current amortization amount of contract performance cost

                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (XI)    Assets held for sale

                         Applicable    ✓      Not Applicable




424      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XII)    Non-current assets due within one year

             ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


            Item                                                      Closing balance           Opening balance


            Project quality guarantee deposits and project payments
              due within one year                                      153,571,232.72            149,708,988.61
            Less: Provision for bad debt                                   593,380.05                482,912.39


            Total                                                      152,977,852.67            149,226,076.22



            Debt investment due within one year


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


            Other debt investment due within one year


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


   (XIII)   Other current assets

             ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


            Item                                                      Closing balance           Opening balance


            VAT input to be deducted                                   760,333,936.74            757,436,913.55
            Prepaid corporate income tax                                41,518,642.20             68,473,537.99
            Prepaid other taxes                                         27,986,388.24                910,109.46


            Total                                                      829,838,967.18            826,820,561.00




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        425
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
              (XIV) Debt investment

                    1.      Debt investment details

                             ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                 Closing balance                                        Opening balance

                                                   Provision for          Carrying                          Provision for          Carrying
      Item                  Closing balance            impairment          amount     Closing balance        impairment             amount


      Shandong Railway
        Development Fund
        Co., Ltd.            273,172,183.50                     –   273,172,183.50    273,172,183.50                   –     273,172,183.50


      Total                  273,172,183.50                     –   273,172,183.50    273,172,183.50                   –     273,172,183.50


                            Note:    The Company completed its investment in Shandong Railway Development Fund Co., Ltd. On 28
                                     January 2019, with the investment return to be paid by Shandong Development Fund as per 10% off
                                     the benchmark interest rate for more-than-5-year loans issued by PBOC (the prevailing interest rate
                                     4.9%*0.9=4.41%), and the interest was commenced on a phased basis from the date on which such
                                     investment capital was received, subject to adjustment according to interest rate of the central bank
                                     in the end period. At the end of the tenth anniversary of the date on which the project cooperation is
                                     commenced (i.e., 28 January 2029), Shandong Railway Development Fund Co., Ltd. will receive the
                                     equity equivalent to the Company’s original capital contribution in lump sum. Therefore, the Company
                                     mainly holds the investment for the purpose of obtain contractual cash flows, and cash flows generated
                                     on specific dates are solely for the payment of the investment principal and interests incurred from
                                     the outstanding amount, and they fall into financial assets measured at amortized cost, therefore, the
                                     investment is stated as debt investment.


                            The Company has assessed that its credit risk has not significantly increased since the initial recognition
                            on the balance sheet date, therefore the Company did not make provision for impairment according to
                            the amount equivalent to the ECL for the next 12 months.


                            Changes in provision for impairment of debt investments during the period


                                    Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable




426       China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XIV) Debt investment (Continued)

        2.   Material debt investments at period-end

                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


        3.   Provision for impairment

                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Explanation on significant changes in carrying mount of debt investments for which the provision for
             impairment has changed in the period:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Amount of provision for impairment for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of financial
             instruments increase significantly


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


        4.   Actual write-off circumstances of debt investments during the period

                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Write-off of significant debt investments


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Explanations on the write-off of debt investments:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Other explanation


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         427
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XV) Other debt investments

                   1.      Other debt investments

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Changes in provision for impairment of other debt investments


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   2.      Significant Other Debt Investments at Period-End

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   3.      Provision for impairment

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in carrying mount of other debt investments for which the provision
                           for impairment has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Amount of provision for impairment for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of financial
                           instruments increase significantly


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




428      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XV) Other debt investments (Continued)

        4.   Actual write-off of other debt investments during the current period

                   Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


             Write-off of other significant debt investments


                   Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


             Notes on write-off of other debt investments:


                   Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


             Other explanation:


                   Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                           Annual Report 2025   429
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
                  (XVI) Long-term receivables

                            1.    Long-term Receivables Information

                                    ✓      Applicable             Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                    Closing balance                                          Opening balance

                                                       Provision for          Carrying                           Provision for           Carrying
      Item                       Closing balance           bad debt            amount      Closing balance          bad debt              amount         Discount rate


      Receivables of “Build-
        Transfer” project          84,564,647.15        4,652,907.14     79,911,740.01     132,160,997.28        5,124,762.97     127,036,234.31                    –
      Project receivables        8,094,873,527.93    128,322,006.79    7,966,551,521.14   7,223,533,883.29    122,521,217.14     7,101,012,666.15                   –


      Subtotal                   8,179,438,175.08    132,974,913.93    8,046,463,261.15   7,355,694,880.57    127,645,980.11     7,228,048,900.46                   –


      Less: Amount due within
                 one year          58,339,633.69         123,378.78      58,216,254.91      62,504,105.55         187,512.32       62,316,593.23                    –


      Total                      8,121,098,541.39    132,851,535.15    7,988,247,006.24   7,293,190,775.02    127,458,467.79     7,165,732,307.23                    /


                                   Note:     The Company has entered into municipal engineering investment construction repurchase agreements
                                             with relevant government departments, where the relevant government departments have authorized the
                                             Company to undertake the investment and financing functions for the “build-transfer” projects and carry
                                             out municipal engineering construction. After the completion of the projects, they will be transferred to
                                             the relevant government departments, who will pay the repurchase funds within the specified period
                                             according to the repurchase agreements.




430           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XVI) Long-term receivables (Continued)

        2.   Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Single provision for bad debt:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


        3.   Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit
             losses

                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Basis for classification by stage and provision ratios for bad debt


             Explanation on significant changes in carrying mount of long-term receivables for which the provision for
             impairment has changed in the period:


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


             Amount of provision for impairment for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of financial
             instruments increase significantly


                   Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         431
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
              (XVI) Long-term receivables (Continued)

                       4.      Provision for bad debts

                                ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                               2025


                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                             Change during the period

                                                                             Recovery or        Write-off or                             Closing
      Categories               Opening balance             Provision            reversal        cancellation     Other changes           balance


      Provision for bad debt     127,458,467.79          5,393,067.36                  –                   –                 –    132,851,535.15


      Total                      127,458,467.79          5,393,067.36                  –                   –                 –    132,851,535.15



                               2024


                                                                                                                Unit: RMB Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                              Change during the period

                                                                             Recovery or            Write-off            Other            Closing
      Categories               Opening balance              Provision            reversal     or cancellation         changes            balance


      Provision for bad debt     178,688,277.54      -51,229,809.75                    –                   –                 –    127,458,467.79


      Total                      178,688,277.54      -51,229,809.75                    –                   –                 –    127,458,467.79


                               Note:    The Company evaluated whether or not the credit risk of the said long-term receivables has been
                                        significantly increased since the initial recognition on each balance sheet date. If such credit risk has
                                        not significantly increased since the initial recognition, the Company made provisions for loss at the
                                        amount equivalent to ECL for the next 12 months; and if the credit risk has significantly increased since
                                        the initial recognition but no credit impairment has occurred, the Company made provisions for loss at
                                        the amount equivalent to the lifetime ECL.


                               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                       Applicable    ✓      Not Applicable




432       China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
         (XVI) Long-term receivables (Continued)

                   5.   Actual write-off of long-term receivables during the period

                              Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                        Write-off of significant long-term receivables


                              Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                        Explanations on write-off of long-term receivables:


                              Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                        Other explanation


                              Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


         (XVII)    Long-term equity investments

                   1.   Long-term equity investments

                         ✓    Applicable            Not Applicable


                                            Closing balance                                        Closing balance of last year

                                                 Provision for          Carrying                              Provision for               Carrying
Item                     Closing balance          impairment             amount      Closing balance           impairment                  amount


Investments in joint
 ventures                 143,069,504.19                    –     143,069,504.19     143,770,099.03                      –         143,770,099.03
Investments in
 associates              2,038,594,980.08                   –    2,038,594,980.08   1,662,931,716.88                     –        1,662,931,716.88


Total                    2,181,664,484.27                   –    2,181,664,484.27   1,806,701,815.91                     –        1,806,701,815.91




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025               433
434
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                        (XVII)         Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                                                                                       1.          Long-term equity investments (Continued)                                                                                                                                                           RMB

                                                                                                   2025


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                          Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                                                            Investment             Other
                                                                                                                                                           gains/losses   comprehensive                          Declared and paid                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                          Opening Balance    Additional   Reduction of confirmed under           income        Other equity        cash dividends     Provision for            Period-end Balance      of provision
                                                           Investee                                     (Carrying Amount)    investment    investment    equity method       adjustment            changes               or profits    impairment     Others    (carrying amount)    for impairment


                                                           I.    Joint ventures
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                 CRSC Smart Data Technology
                                                                      (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                    12,947,428.00           –              –        299,405.16                –                     –                   –               –         –        13,246,833.16                –
                                                                 Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.       130,822,671.03           –              –     19,000,000.00                –                     –       20,000,000.00               –         –       129,822,671.03                –


                                                                 Subtotal                                   143,770,099.03           –              –     19,299,405.16                –                     –       20,000,000.00               –         –       143,069,504.19                –




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                  (XVII)        Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                               1.            Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                       Investment             Other
                                                                                                                      gains/losses   comprehensive                          Declared and paid                                                  Closing balance
                                                                 Opening Balance        Additional   Reduction of confirmed under           income        Other equity        cash dividends     Provision for            Period-end Balance      of provision
                     Investee                                   (Carrying Amount)      investment     investment    equity method       adjustment            changes               or profits    impairment     Others    (carrying amount)    for impairment


                     II.   Associates
                           Including:(1) CSCEC Foshan Joint
                                Investment Co., Ltd.                12,616,233.38               –              –     -1,764,438.26                –                     –                   –               –         –        10,851,795.12                –
                           Siping Integrated Pipeline
                                Construction Co., Ltd.             222,103,904.21               –              –     -1,415,232.37                –                     –                   –               –         –       220,688,671.84                –
                           Guangdong Utrust Financial
                                Leasing Co., Ltd.                  376,818,556.71               –              –      5,459,518.52                –                     –                   –               –         –       382,278,075.23                –
                           CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.            283,879,029.05               –              –     27,797,310.77                –                     –                   –               –         –       311,676,339.82                –
                           Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co.,
                                Ltd                                 33,950,079.34               –              –      7,431,501.52                –                     –                   –               –         –        41,381,580.86                –
                           Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology
                                Co., Ltd.                           42,479,909.71               –              –      1,259,434.25                –                     –        1,340,621.64               –         –        42,398,722.32                –
                           Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity
                                Fund Management Enterprise
                                (Limited Partnership)                8,626,545.55               –              –        475,740.37                –                     –                   –               –         –         9,102,285.92                –
                           Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                 368,198,321.37   187,524,700.00             –     29,516,661.17                –                     –                   –               –         –       585,239,682.54                –
                           China Tietong Railway Operation
                                Co., Ltd.                           37,698,924.13               –              –     15,149,641.83                –         589,972.56           1,500,000.00               –         –        51,938,538.52                –



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2025

Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




435
436
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                          (XVII)        Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                       1.             Long-term equity investment (Continued)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          RMB

                                                                                                                                                                              Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                                                                Investment             Other
                                                                                                                                                               gains/losses   comprehensive                          Declared and paid                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                          Opening Balance        Additional   Reduction of confirmed under           income        Other equity        cash dividends     Provision for            Period-end Balance      of provision
                                                           Investee                                      (Carrying Amount)      investment     investment    equity method       adjustment            changes               or profits    impairment     Others    (carrying amount)    for impairment


                                                                   CCUI (Shanghai) Digital
                                                                       Technologies Co., Ltd.                 4,091,363.31               –              –         44,724.17                –                     –                   –               –         –         4,136,087.48                –
                                                                   Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology
                                                                       Development Co., Ltd.                 15,563,393.10               –              –      2,007,795.63                –                     –        3,105,467.51               –         –        14,465,721.22                –
                                                                   Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                       Transportation Technology Co.,
                                                                       Ltd.                                   5,687,192.74               –              –          3,894.47                –                     –          260,000.00               –         –         5,431,087.21                –
                                                                   Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent
                                                                       Technology Co., Ltd.                   5,608,094.43     5,400,000.00             –       -194,738.42                –                     –                   –               –         –        10,813,356.01                –
                                                                   Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment
                                                                       Technology Co., Ltd.                             –      2,000,000.00             –        434,824.23                –                     –                   –               –         –         2,434,824.23                –
                                                                   Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing
                                                                       Technology Co., Ltd.                  22,708,472.62               –              –    -12,520,755.90                –                     –           80,234.51               –         –        10,107,482.21                –
                                                                   Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.            70,437,626.78               –              –     10,800,000.00                –                     –        7,980,000.00               –         –        73,257,626.78                –
                                                                   Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.          152,464,070.45               –              –      3,169,032.32                –                     –                   –               –         –       155,633,102.77                –
                                                                   Jincheng City Northwest Railway
                                                                       Co., Ltd.                                        –    106,760,000.00             –                –                 –                     –                   –               –         –       106,760,000.00                –


                                                           Subtotal                                       1,662,931,716.88   301,684,700.00             –     87,654,914.30                –         589,972.56          14,266,323.66                         –     2,038,594,980.08                –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




                                                           Total                                          1,806,701,815.91   301,684,700.00             –    106,954,319.46                –         589,972.56          34,266,323.66                         –     2,181,664,484.27                –
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                  (XVII)         Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                 1.          Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                             2024


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                   Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                      Investment                Other                       Declared and
                                                                                                                    gains/losses      comprehensive                            paid cash                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                     Additional   Reduction of   confirmed under              income         Other equity    dividends or    Provision for                                     of provision for
                     Investee                                   Opening Balance      investment    investment      equity method          adjustment             changes           profits    impairment        Others   Period-end Balance        impairment


                     I.    Joint ventures
                           Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp.,
                                Ltd.                                132,822,671.03            –             –      18,000,000.00                    –                  –    20,000,000.00               –            –      130,822,671.03                   –
                           CRSC Smart Data Technology
                                (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                  14,164,038.24            –             –        223,389.76                     –                  –     1,440,000.00               –            –        12,947,428.00                  –


                           Subtotal                                 146,986,709.27            –             –      18,223,389.76                    –                  –    21,440,000.00               –            –      143,770,099.03                   –




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2025

Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




437
438
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                        (XVII)        Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                      1.             Long-term equity investment (Continued)                                                                                                                                                          RMB

                                                                                                                                                                           Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                                                              Investment                Other                       Declared and
                                                                                                                                                            gains/losses      comprehensive                            paid cash                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                                             Additional   Reduction of   confirmed under              income         Other equity    dividends or   Provision for                                  of provision for
                                                           Investee                                    Opening Balance       investment    investment      equity method          adjustment             changes          profits    impairment     Others   Period-end Balance        impairment


                                                           II.   Associates
                                                                 Guangdong Utrust Financial
                                                                      Leasing Co., Ltd.                 364,085,991.06                –             –      12,732,565.65                    –                  –               –               –         –      376,818,556.71                   –
                                                                 CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.           261,632,127.62                –              –     22,246,901.43                    –                  –               –               –         –      283,879,029.05                   –
                                                                 Siping Integrated Pipeline
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                      Construction Co., Ltd.            224,763,946.36                –              –     -2,660,042.15                    –                  –               –               –         –      222,103,904.21                   –
                                                                 Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                195,357,443.21   147,640,300.00              –     25,200,578.16                    –                  –               –               –         –      368,198,321.37                   –
                                                                 Henan Huazhou Railway Co.,
                                                                      Ltd.                              151,431,380.11                –              –      2,808,033.14                    –                   –   1,775,342.80               –         –      152,464,070.45                   –
                                                                 Siemens Signaling Company
                                                                      Ltd.                               70,037,626.78                –              –     10,000,000.00                    –                   –   9,600,000.00               –         –        70,437,626.78                  –
                                                                 China Tietong Railway Operation
                                                                      Co., Ltd.                          27,082,061.95                –              –     12,171,432.25                    –          -54,570.07   1,500,000.00               –         –        37,698,924.13                  –
                                                                 Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen)
                                                                      Co., Ltd                           24,507,080.50                –              –      9,442,998.84                    –                   –              –               –         –        33,950,079.34                  –
                                                                 Zhongguancun Chipsea
                                                                      Prioritizing Technology Co.,
                                                                      Ltd.                               21,450,280.62                –              –      1,534,347.14                    –                   –     276,155.14               –         –        22,708,472.62                  –
                                                                 Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology
                                                                      Development Co., Ltd.              12,926,931.95                –              –      2,636,461.15                    –                   –               –              –         –        15,563,393.10                  –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




                                                                 CSCEC Foshan Joint Investment
                                                                      Co., Ltd.                          12,616,233.38                –              –                 –                    –                   –               –              –         –        12,616,233.38                  –
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                    (XVII)        Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                 1.             Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                                            Increase/decrease for the period

                                                                                                                               Investment                Other                       Declared and
                                                                                                                             gains/losses      comprehensive                            paid cash                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                              Additional   Reduction of   confirmed under              income         Other equity    dividends or    Provision for                                  of provision for
                     Investee                                      Opening Balance            investment    investment      equity method          adjustment             changes           profits    impairment     Others   Period-end Balance        impairment


                             Zhuhai Huatong Private
                                 Equity Fund Management
                                 Enterprise (Limited
                                 Partnership)                          9,807,875.44                    –             –        318,670.11                     –                   –    1,500,000.00               –         –         8,626,545.55                  –
                             Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent
                                 Transportation Technology
                                 Co., Ltd.                             5,055,375.89                    –             –        631,816.85                     –                   –               –               –         –         5,687,192.74                  –
                             CCUI (Shanghai) Digital
                                 Technologies Co., Ltd.                4,425,181.09                    –              –       -333,817.78                    –                   –               –               –         –         4,091,363.31                  –
                             Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent
                                 Technology Co., Ltd.                             –         5,400,000.00              –       208,094.43                     –                   –               –               –         –         5,608,094.43                  –
                             Wuhan Intelligent Metro
                                 Technology Co., Ltd.                             –        42,011,068.78              –       468,840.93                     –                   –               –               –         –        42,479,909.71                  –


                     Subtotal                                      1,385,179,535.96       195,051,368.78          0.00      97,406,880.15                 0.00          -54,570.07   14,651,497.94            0.00      0.00     1,662,931,716.88                  –


                     Total                                         1,532,166,245.23       195,051,368.78          0.00    115,630,269.91                  0.00          -54,570.07   36,091,497.94            0.00      0.00     1,806,701,815.91                  –



                                                                Notes: 1.             As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the ability of investees in which the Company hold long-term equity
                                                                                      investments to transfer funds to the Company has not been restricted.                                                                                                             31 December 2025


                                                                        2.            For the information of joint ventures or associates for the period, please refer to note “X. (III)”
Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




439
440
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                         (XVII)         Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                        2.            Impairment test of long-term equity investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                                                    Applicable        ✓     Not Applicable

                                                                                                       Other explanation

                                                                         (XVIII)        Other equity instrument investments

                                                                                        1.            Details of other equity instrument investments

                                                                                                         ✓          Applicable              Not Applicable

                                                                                                       2025
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease for the period                                                                                                 Reasons for being
                                                                                                                                                                          Gains recognised Losses recognised                                                       Accumulated      Accumulated        measured at fair
                                                                                                                                                                                    in other         in other                                                  gains recognised losses recognised         value through
                                                                                                                                                                            comprehensive comprehensive                                      Dividend incomes           in other          in other                 other
                                                                                                                                                Additional   Reduction of        income for       income for                                    recognised for comprehensive comprehensive              comprehensive
                                                           Item                                                          Opening Balance       investment     investment          the period       the period       Others   Closing Balance        the period           income            income                income


                                                           Beijing Rail Transit Operation Control System National
                                                           Engineering Research Center Co., Ltd.                             2,141,159.20                –             –                   –                    –        –      2,141,159.20                –                  –                  –                   –
                                                           Hunan Maglev Group Co., Ltd.                                    122,100,000.00                –             –       10,500,000.00                    –        –    132,600,000.00                –      32,600,000.00                  –                   –
                                                           Lunan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd.                              383,392,729.44                –             –                   –       -16,324,462.99        –    367,068,266.45                –                  –      -2,569,267.55                   –
                                                           Ganzhou-Shenzhen Railway (Guangdong) Co., Ltd.                  107,120,486.55                –             –          448,433.96                    –        –    107,568,920.51                –       7,568,920.51                  –                   –
                                                           Beijing Yawan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd.                      460,520,575.65                –             –                   –      -161,889,184.54        –    298,631,391.11                –                  –    -186,953,556.89                   –
                                                           Beijing China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan Railway Co., Ltd.                        –   123,384,301.90             –            2,799.91                    –        –    123,387,101.81                –           2,799.91                  –                   –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




                                                           Xiongan Jingxiong Express Rail Co., Ltd.                                     –   232,000,000.00             –          438,021.48                    –        –    232,438,021.48                –         438,021.48                  –                   –
                                                           Taizhou-Hangshaotai High-Speed Railway Investment
                                                             Management Partnership (LLP)                                  137,268,855.19               –              –                   –        -3,368,109.73        –    133,900,745.46                –                 –      -13,329,720.54                   –


                                                           Total                                                         1,212,543,806.03   355,384,301.90             –       11,389,255.35      -181,581,757.26        –   1,397,735,606.02               –      40,609,741.90    -202,852,544.98                    /
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                    (XVIII)        Other equity instrument investments (Continued)

                                                  1.              Details of other equity instrument investments (Continued)

                                                                  2024


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan             Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                       Increase/decrease for the period                                                                                                              Reasons for being
                                                                                                                             Gains recognised Losses recognised                                                            Accumulated gains        Accumulated       measured at fair
                                                                                                                                       in other                 in other                                                          recognised    losses recognised        value through
                                                                                                                                comprehensive         comprehensive                                    Dividend incomes              in other             in other               other
                                                                                                 Additional   Reduction of          income for               income for                                   recognised for      comprehensive       comprehensive        comprehensive
                     Item                                                     Opening Balance    investment    investment            the period              the period    Others   Closing Balance           the period             income               income               income


                     Beijing Yawan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd.                482,964,046.38             –             –                    –            22,443,470.73         –    460,520,575.65                   –                    –       25,064,372.35                     –
                     Ganzhou-Shenzhen Railway (Guangdong) Co., Ltd.             99,369,383.52             –             –         7,751,103.03                        –         –    107,120,486.55                   –         7,120,486.55                    –                    –
                     Beijing Rail Transit Operation Control System National
                       Engineering Research Center Co., Ltd.                      2,141,159.20            –             –                    –                        –         –       2,141,159.20                  –                    –                    –                    –
                     Hunan Maglev Group Co., Ltd.                              115,000,000.00             –             –         7,100,000.00                        –         –    122,100,000.00                   –        22,100,000.00                    –                    –
                     Lunan High Speed Railway Co., Ltd.                        383,609,832.79             –             –                    –              217,103.35          –    383,392,729.44                   –        13,755,195.44                    –                    –
                     Taizhou-Hangshaotai High-Speed Railway Investment
                       Management Partnership (LLP)                            140,205,864.05             –             –                    –             2,937,008.86         –    137,268,855.19                   –                    –        9,961,610.81                     –


                     Total                                                    1,223,290,285.94            –             –        14,851,103.03            25,597,582.94         –   1,212,543,806.03                  –        42,975,681.99       35,025,983.16                     /




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025

Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




441
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XVIII)   Other equity instrument investments (Continued)

                      2.     Derecognition for the period Derecognised

                                   Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                             Other explanation:


                                   Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (XIX) Other non-current financial assets

                           Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable


                      Other explanation:


                           Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable




442      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                           RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XX) Investment properties

        Measurement model for investment properties


        1.    Investment properties measured under cost method

               2025


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


               Item                                           Buildings     Land use rights                 Total


               I.   Original book value
                    1. Opening balance                    490,484,146.70     118,614,400.00        609,098,546.70
                    2. Increase during the current
                         period                            13,318,050.73                  –         13,318,050.73
                       (1) Purchased
                       (2) Transferred from
                              inventories\fixed assets\
                              construction in progress     13,318,050.73                  –         13,318,050.73
                       (3) Increased from enterprise
                             merger                                    –                  –                     –
                    3. Decrease during the current
                          period                            4,037,977.64                  –          4,037,977.64
                       (1) Disposal                          201,200.00                   –           201,200.00
                       (2) Other transfers out              3,836,777.64                  –          3,836,777.64
                    4. Closing balance                     499,764,219.79     118,614,400.00        618,378,619.79
               II. Accumulated depreciation and
                      accumulated amortization
                    1. Opening balance                     219,708,866.46      40,446,052.62        260,154,919.08
                    2. Increase during the current
                         period                            27,447,591.49       2,742,105.27         30,189,696.76
                       (1) Provision or amortization       15,111,747.00       2,742,105.27         17,853,852.27
                       (2) Transfer from fixed assets      12,335,844.49                  –         12,335,844.49
                    3. Decrease during the current
                          period                             1,815,678.58                 –           1,815,678.58
                       (1) Disposal                           201,200.00                  –            201,200.00
                       (2) Other transfers out               1,614,478.58                 –           1,614,478.58
                    4. Closing balance                     245,340,779.37      43,188,157.89        288,528,937.26
               III. Provision for impairment
               IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Closing carrying amount             254,423,440.42      75,426,242.11        329,849,682.53
                    2. Opening carrying amount             270,775,280.24      78,168,347.38        348,943,627.62



                                                                                           Annual Report 2025        443
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XX) Investment properties (Continued)

                   1.      Investment properties measured under cost method (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                           Item                                           Buildings   Land use rights                Total


                           I.   Original book value
                                1. Opening balance                   457,381,940.71   118,614,400.00        575,996,340.71
                                2. Increase during the current
                                     period                           33,102,205.99                –         33,102,205.99
                                   (1) Transferred from
                                         inventories\fixed assets\
                                         construction in progress     33,102,205.99                –         33,102,205.99
                                3. Decrease during the current
                                      period                                      –                –                     –
                                   (1) Disposal                                   –                –                     –
                                   (2) Others                                     –                –                     –
                                4. Closing balance                   490,484,146.70   118,614,400.00        609,098,546.70
                           II. Accumulated depreciation and
                                  accumulated amortization
                                1. Opening balance                   202,979,167.12    37,703,947.35        240,683,114.47
                                2. Increase during the current
                                     period                           16,729,699.34     2,742,105.27         19,471,804.61
                                   (1) Provision or amortization      16,244,959.68     2,742,105.27         18,987,064.95
                                   (2) Transfer from fixed assets       484,739.66                 –           484,739.66
                                3. Decrease during the current
                                      period                                      –                –                     –
                                   (1) Disposal                                   –                –                     –
                                   (2) Others                                     –                –                     –
                                4. Closing balance                   219,708,866.46    40,446,052.62        260,154,919.08
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           IV. Carrying amount
                                1. Closing carrying amount           270,775,280.24    78,168,347.38        348,943,627.62
                                2. Opening carrying amount           254,402,773.59    80,910,452.65        335,313,226.24




444      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                          RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XX) Investment properties (Continued)

        2.   Information of investment properties to which a certificate of title has not been
             obtained

                  Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


        3.   Impairment test of investment properties measured under cost method

                  Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


             Other explanation


                  Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                            Annual Report 2025   445
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXI) Fixed assets

                   Presentation of items

                     ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                    Item                                            Closing balance            Opening balance


                    Fixed assets                                    4,901,045,878.62           4,957,256,807.77
                    Disposal of fixed assets                                      –                           –


                    Total                                           4,901,045,878.62           4,957,256,807.77



                    Other explanation:


                            Applicable   ✓     Not Applicable




446      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

        Fixed assets

        1.   Fixed assets position

               ✓      Applicable                  Not Applicable

              2025


                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                Electronic
                                                     Buildings and         Machinery     Transportation        equipment
              Item                                   constructions         equipment           vehicles        and others                 Total


              I. Original book value:
                 1. Opening balance                5,288,682,679.14   1,437,148,152.04   424,921,071.17   1,852,575,238.62     9,003,327,140.97
                 2. Increase during the current
                      period                           3,015,508.88    134,922,285.73      7,997,903.59    212,659,136.43       358,594,834.63
                     (1) Acquisition                   1,227,533.51     51,408,571.66      7,997,903.59    179,570,589.72       240,204,598.48
                     (2) Transferred from
                          construction in
                          progress                     1,787,975.37     83,513,714.07                –      33,088,546.71       118,390,236.15
                     (3) Increased from
                          enterprise merger                      –                  –                –                  –                    –
                     (4) Others                                  –                  –                –                  –                    –
                 3. Decrease during the
                       current period                24,083,698.59      47,341,648.28     11,603,715.30     42,448,907.57       125,477,969.74
                     (1) Disposal or retirement        4,641,347.86     47,341,648.28     11,579,245.89     42,385,736.54       105,947,978.57
                     (2) Transfer to investment
                          properties                 13,318,050.73                  –                –                  –        13,318,050.73
                     (3) Others                        6,124,300.00                 –         24,469.41         63,171.03          6,211,940.44
                 4. Closing balance                5,267,614,489.43   1,524,728,789.49   421,315,259.46   2,022,785,467.48     9,236,444,005.86




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025               447
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

                   Fixed assets (Continued)

                   1.      Fixed assets position (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                            Electronic
                                                                 Buildings and         Machinery     Transportation        equipment
                           Item                                  constructions         equipment           vehicles        and others                 Total


                           II. Accumulated depreciation
                              1. Opening balance               1,373,908,939.77   1,017,110,480.54   416,217,814.15   1,238,800,980.68     4,046,038,215.14
                              2. Increase during the current
                                    period                      141,112,807.63      86,895,182.58     15,785,108.15    151,020,128.17       394,813,226.53
                                  (1) Provision                 141,112,807.63      86,895,182.58     15,785,108.15    151,020,128.17       394,813,226.53
                                  (2) Others                                 –                  –                –                  –                    –
                              3. Decrease during the
                                     current period              19,060,748.28      33,791,060.45     10,926,265.51     41,707,358.25       105,485,432.49
                                  (1) Disposal or retirement       2,615,971.34     33,791,060.45     10,902,917.24     41,683,807.43        88,993,756.46
                                  (2) Transfer to investment
                                       properties                12,335,844.49                  –                –                  –        12,335,844.49
                                  (3) Others                       4,108,932.45                 –         23,348.27         23,550.82          4,155,831.54
                              4. Closing balance               1,495,960,999.12   1,070,214,602.67   421,076,656.79   1,348,113,750.60     4,335,366,009.18
                           III. Provision for impairment
                              1. Opening balance                             –          32,118.06                –                  –            32,118.06
                              2. Closing balance                             –          32,118.06                –                  –            32,118.06
                           IV. Carrying amount
                              1. Closing carrying amount       3,771,653,490.31    454,482,068.76        238,602.67    674,671,716.88      4,901,045,878.62
                              2. Opening carrying amount       3,914,773,739.37    420,005,553.44      8,703,257.02    613,774,257.94      4,957,256,807.77




448      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                                               RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

        Fixed assets (Continued)

        1.   Fixed assets position (Continued)

              2024


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                               Electronic
                                                     Buildings and         Machinery    Transportation     equipment and
              Item                                   constructions         equipment          vehicles             others                Total


              I. Original book value:
                 1. Opening balance               5,377,965,730.71   1,404,930,017.35   431,177,601.12   1,710,224,879.68     8,924,298,228.86
                 2. Increase during the current
                      period                        99,334,189.09      46,082,399.26      5,854,599.46    187,317,519.51       338,588,707.32
                     (1) Acquisition                17,688,445.58      33,279,354.46      5,252,587.17    130,568,725.68       186,789,112.89
                     (2) Transferred from
                          construction in
                          progress                  79,806,744.08      12,791,878.54       119,469.03      51,710,454.58       144,428,546.23
                     (4) Increased from
                          enterprise merger           1,838,999.43         11,166.26       466,337.64        5,030,473.28         7,346,976.61
                     (4) Others                                  –                  –        16,205.62           7,865.97           24,071.59
                 3. Decrease during the
                       current period              188,617,240.66      13,864,264.57     12,111,129.41     44,967,160.57       259,559,795.21
                     (1) Disposal or retirement    184,367,044.28      13,864,264.57     12,111,129.41     44,967,160.57       255,309,598.83
                     (2) Transfer to investment
                          properties                  4,250,196.38                  –                –                  –         4,250,196.38
                 4. Closing balance               5,288,682,679.14   1,437,148,152.04   424,921,071.17   1,852,575,238.62     9,003,327,140.97




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025               449
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

                   Fixed assets (Continued)

                   1.      Fixed assets position (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                             Electronic
                                                                   Buildings and         Machinery    Transportation     equipment and
                           Item                                    constructions         equipment          vehicles             others                Total


                           II. Accumulated depreciation
                              1. Opening balance                1,301,049,544.51    940,271,525.01    426,960,221.72   1,133,295,719.26     3,801,577,010.50
                              2. Increase during the current
                                    period                       170,944,330.67      86,982,532.23      1,043,315.26    146,665,304.64       405,635,482.80
                                   (1) Provision                 169,513,277.58      86,973,117.03       566,324.20     144,785,689.04       401,838,407.85
                                   (2) Others                       1,431,053.09           9,415.20      476,991.06        1,879,615.60         3,797,074.95
                              3. Decrease during the
                                     current period               98,084,935.41      10,143,576.70     11,785,722.83     41,160,043.22       161,174,278.16
                                   (1) Disposal or retirement     97,600,195.75      10,143,576.70     11,785,722.83     41,160,043.22       160,689,538.50
                                   (2) Transfer to investment
                                        properties                   484,739.66                   –                –                  –          484,739.66
                              4. Closing balance                1,373,908,939.77   1,017,110,480.54   416,217,814.15   1,238,800,980.68     4,046,038,215.14
                           III. Provision for impairment
                              1. Opening balance                               –         32,118.06                 –                  –           32,118.06
                              2. Closing balance                               –         32,118.06                 –                  –           32,118.06
                           IV. Carrying amount
                              1. Closing carrying amount        3,914,773,739.37    420,005,553.44      8,703,257.02    613,774,257.94      4,957,256,807.77
                              2. Opening carrying amount        4,076,916,186.20    464,626,374.28      4,217,379.40    576,929,160.42      5,122,689,100.30

                           Note:       1.          As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, none of main fixed assets for production and
                                                   operation of the Company became temporarily idle.

                                       2.          As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Company had no fixed assets with title
                                                   restriction.

                                       3.          As at the approval date of this financial statement, the Company was applying for title
                                                   certificate and handling registration or transfer procedures for houses and buildings with book
                                                   values totaling RMB11,504,103.96 as of 31 December 2025. The management of the Company
                                                   believed that the Company has the right to legally and effectively occupy and use the above-
                                                   mentioned houses, and also believed that the above matters will not have any significant
                                                   adverse impact on the overall financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2025.




450      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                              RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXI) Fixed assets (Continued)

        Fixed assets (Continued)

        2.   Temporarily-idle fixed assets

                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


        3.   Fixed assets leased in through financial leases

                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


        4.   Fixed assets for which title certificates have not been obtained

                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


        5.   Impairment test of fixed assets

                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


              Other explanation:


                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


              Disposal of fixed assets


                   Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                Annual Report 2025   451
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXII)   Construction in progress

                     Presentation of items

                      ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                 Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                     Item                                           Closing balance           Opening balance


                     Construction in progress                        974,657,001.76            809,309,770.26


                     Total                                           974,657,001.76            809,309,770.26



                     Other explanation:


                             Applicable   ✓     Not Applicable




452      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXII)   Construction in progress

            Construction in progress

            1.   Construction in progress

                  ✓        Applicable                  Not Applicable


                                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB


                                                                  Closing balance                                              Opening balance

                                                                      Provision for
                 Item                           Closing balance        impairment       Carrying amount   Closing balance Provision for impairment   Carrying amount


                 CRSC Electrochemical
                     Science and
                     Technology Mansion          327,820,102.20                     –    327,820,102.20   277,336,841.64                         –    277,336,841.64
                 Digitalization and
                     Intelligent Upgrade
                     of Autonomous R&D
                     Bases for Infrastructure
                     of Train Control System
                     of Rail Transit             368,983,269.05                     –    368,983,269.05   347,535,616.26                         –    347,535,616.26
                 Others                          277,853,630.51                     –    277,853,630.51   184,437,312.36                         –    184,437,312.36


                 Total                           974,657,001.76                     –    974,657,001.76   809,309,770.26                         –    809,309,770.26




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025                 453
454
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                        (XXII)       Construction in progress (Continued)

                                                                                     Construction in progress (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                       RMB

                                                                                     2.       Changes in important projects under construction for the current period

                                                                                                ✓      Applicable                 Not Applicable


                                                                                              2025


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Proportion                              Including: Capitalization
                                                                                                                                                      Transferred into                                            of project                   Total        Interest rate for
                                                                                                                                   Increase during        fixed assets     Other decrease                      investment to    Project   capitalized capitalized in current         Source
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                           Project name                              budget    Opening Balance          the period   during the period   during the period   Closing Balance     budget (%)    progress     interest current period period (%)       of funds


                                                           Digitalization and Intelligent     540,553,500.00     347,535,616.26      21,447,652.79                  –                   –     368,983,269.05           68.26    68.26%            –               – –                Self-
                                                               Upgrade of Autonomous                                                                                                                                                                                                 raised
                                                               R&D Bases for Infrastructure                                                                                                                                                                                          funds
                                                               of Train Control System of
                                                               Rail Transit
                                                           Technology Innovation Building     600,000,000.00     277,336,841.64      50,483,260.56                  –                         327,820,102.20           54.64    54.64%            –               – –                Self-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     raised
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     funds
                                                           Others                                         –      184,437,312.36     222,254,884.93     127,002,766.08        1,835,800.70     277,853,630.51              –           –           –               – –                Self-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     raised
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     funds


                                                           Total                                          –      809,309,770.26     294,185,798.28     127,002,766.08        1,835,800.70     974,657,001.76              –           –           –               – –                /
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




                                                                                              Note:      (1)       As at 31 December 2025, the amount of the Company’s construction in progress with restricted ownership rights was
                                                                                                                   RMB327,820,102.20.

                                                                                                         (2)       As at 31 December 2025, there were no circumstances requiring the provision for impairment of the Company’s construction in
                                                                                                                   progress.
                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
              (XXII)      Construction in progress (Continued)

                          Construction in progress (Continued)

                          2.       Changes in important projects under construction for the current period

                                   2024



                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                             Amount transferred
                                                                                                to fixed assets/            Other                           Proportion of
                                                                                 Increase      intangible assets   decrease during                     project investment
Project name                               budget    Opening balance     during the period    during the period         the period   Closing balance       to budget (%)     Source of funds


CRSC Electrochemical Science        600,000,000.00    163,777,348.62      113,559,493.02                      –                  –   277,336,841.64                46.22    Self-raised funds
    and Technology Mansion
Digitalization and Intelligent      494,570,000.00    107,196,319.94      240,339,296.32                      –                  –   347,535,616.26                70.27    Self-raised funds
    Upgrade of Autonomous R&D
    Bases for Infrastructure of
    Train Control System of Rail
    Transit
Others                                           –    129,272,742.19      240,728,442.73        147,358,551.23       38,205,321.33   184,437,312.40                    –    Self-raised funds


Total                                            –    400,246,410.75      594,627,232.07        147,358,551.23       38,205,321.33   809,309,770.26                    –                    /



                          3.       Provision for impairment of construction in progress made during the period

                                           Applicable         ✓        Not Applicable




                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025                     455
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXII)    Construction in progress (Continued)

                      Construction in progress (Continued)

                      4.   Impairment test of construction in progress

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Construction materials


                      5.   Construction materials

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


            (XXIII)   Productive biological assets

                      1.   Productive biological assets measured under cost method

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                      2.   Impairment test of productive biological assets measured under cost method

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                      3.   Productive biological assets measured at fair value

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




456      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                        RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXIV) Oil and gas assets

        1.    Oil and gas assets

                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


        2.    Impairment test of oil and gas assets

               ✓   Applicable        Not Applicable


              The recoverable amount is determined as net amount of fair value less costs of disposal


                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


              The recoverable amount is determined as the present value of estimated future cash flows


                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


              Reasons for significant inconsistence between the aforesaid information and the information used
              by the previous impairment tests or external information


                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


              Reasons for inconsistence between the information used by the Company for previous impairment
              tests and the facts for the corresponding years


                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     457
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXV) Right-of-use assets

                   1.      Right-of-use assets

                                ✓      Applicable            Not Applicable


                           2025


                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                  Electronic
                                                             Buildings and     Machinery     Transportation   equipment and
                           Item                              constructions     equipment           vehicles          others               Total


                           I.       Original book value
                                    1. Opening balance       464,572,314.88   3,401,363.71     2,353,221.94                -     470,326,900.53
                                    2. Increase during the
                                        current period        97,286,957.04   4,650,565.02       711,957.44      491,413.72      103,140,893.22
                                       (1) New leases         97,286,957.04   4,650,565.02       711,957.44      491,413.72      103,140,893.22
                                       (2) Revaluation
                                            adjustments                   -             –                –                –                   -
                                       (3) Others                        –              –                –                –                  –
                                    3. Decrease during the
                                         current period       56,694,915.40             –        711,827.45               –       57,406,742.85
                                       (1) Disposal and
                                            others            56,694,915.40             –        711,827.45               –       57,406,742.85
                                    4. Closing balance       505,164,356.52   8,051,928.73     2,353,351.93      491,413.72      516,061,050.90




458      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXV) Right-of-use assets

        1.    Right-of-use assets

                                                                                                Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Electronic
                                             Buildings and     Machinery     Transportation   equipment and
              Item                           constructions     equipment           vehicles          others               Total


              II.    Accumulated
                       depreciation
                    1. Opening balance       340,078,565.45   1,326,938.79       914,031.75               –      342,319,535.99
                    2. Increase during the
                        current period        59,533,464.43   2,960,407.19       441,047.19       54,601.52       62,989,520.33
                       (1) Provision          59,533,464.43   2,960,407.19       441,047.19       54,601.52       62,989,520.33
                       (2) Others                        –              –                –                –                   -
                    3. Decrease during the
                         current period       50,469,431.61             –         19,582.38               –       50,489,013.99
                       (1) Disposal and
                            others            50,469,431.61             –         19,582.38               –       50,489,013.99
                    4. Closing balance       349,142,598.27   4,287,345.98     1,335,496.56       54,601.52      354,820,042.33
              III. Provision for
                      impairment
                    1. Opening balance                   –              –                –                –                  –
                    2. Increase during the
                        current period                   –              –                –                –                  –
                    3. Decrease during the
                         current period                   -             –                –                –                  –
                    4. Closing balance                    -             –                –                –                  –
              IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Closing carrying
                         amount              156,021,758.25   3,764,582.75     1,017,855.37      436,812.20      161,241,008.57
                    2. Opening carrying
                         amount              124,493,749.43   2,074,424.92     1,439,190.19               –      128,007,364.54




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          459
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXV) Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                   1.      Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Machinery    Transportation
                           Item                                     Buildings     equipment          vehicles             Total


                           I.   Original book value
                                1. Opening balance            464,674,283.67    3,401,363.71    1,054,943.30     469,130,590.68
                                2. Increase during the
                                     current period            64,916,313.34               –    1,298,278.64      66,214,591.98
                                    (1) New leases             66,216,288.57               –    1,298,278.64      67,514,567.21
                                    (2)Revaluation
                                        adjustments            -1,332,613.38               –               –      -1,332,613.38
                                    (3) Others                      32,638.15              –               –          32,638.15
                                3. Decrease during the
                                      current period           65,018,282.13               –               –      65,018,282.13
                                    (1) Disposal and others    65,018,282.13               –               –      65,018,282.13
                                4. Closing balance            464,572,314.88    3,401,363.71    2,353,221.94     470,326,900.53
                           II. Accumulated depreciation
                                1. Opening balance            344,019,691.94     226,757.59       248,184.53     344,494,634.06
                                2. Increase during the
                                     current period            67,113,209.27    1,100,181.20      665,847.22      68,879,237.69
                                    (1) Provision              67,086,010.81    1,100,181.20      665,847.22      68,852,039.23
                                    (2) Others                      27,198.46              –               –          27,198.46
                                3. Decrease during the
                                      current period           71,054,335.76               –               –      71,054,335.76
                                    (1) Disposal and others    71,054,335.76               –               –      71,054,335.76
                                4. Closing balance            340,078,565.45    1,326,938.79      914,031.75     342,319,535.99
                           III. Provision for impairment
                                1. Opening balance                          –              –               –                  –
                                2. Increase during the
                                     current period                         –              –               –                  –
                                3. Decrease during the
                                      current period                        –              –               –                  –
                                4. Closing balance                          –              –               –                  –
                           IV. Carrying amount
                                1. Closing carrying amount    124,493,749.43    2,074,424.92    1,439,190.19     128,007,364.54
                                2. Opening carrying
                                       amount                 120,654,591.73    3,174,606.12      806,758.77     124,635,956.62

460      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                  RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXV) Right-of-use assets (Continued)

        2.    Impairment test of right-of-use assets

                       Applicable             ✓          Not Applicable

   (XXVI) Intangible assets

        1.    Information about intangible assets

                   ✓   Applicable                        Not Applicable

              2025


                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                     Unfinished         Customer
              Item                                         Land use rights            Patents         Software         contract     relationships              Total


              I.   Original book value
                   1. Opening balance                      2,441,874,299.32   1,352,630,547.11   607,045,730.90   169,921,119.24   268,649,028.19   4,840,120,724.76
                   2. Increase during the current
                         period                                 474,682.71     104,643,623.64    131,066,965.21               –                –     236,185,271.56
                       (1) Acquisition                          474,682.71      30,470,471.79    113,367,807.33               –                –     144,312,961.83
                       (2) Internal R&D                                  –      74,173,151.85      9,086,627.95               –                –      83,259,779.80
                       (3) Increased from enterprise
                              merger                                     –                  –                –                –                –                  –
                       (4) Transferred from
                              construction in progress                   –                  –      8,612,529.93               –                –        8,612,529.93
                   3. Decrease during the current
                          period                               8,093,814.46                  –    16,071,458.57                –                –      24,165,273.03
                       (1) Disposal                            8,093,814.46                  –    16,071,458.57                –                –      24,165,273.03
                   4. Closing balance                      2,434,255,167.57   1,457,274,170.75   722,041,237.54   169,921,119.24   268,649,028.19   5,052,140,723.29
              II. Accumulated amortization
                   1. Opening balance                       595,738,229.30     744,667,895.37    457,310,567.67   169,921,119.24   245,582,811.42   2,213,220,623.00
                   2. Increase during the current
                         period                              50,791,907.62     159,218,502.90     72,818,929.50               –      2,526,165.68    285,355,505.70
                       (1) Provision                         50,791,907.62     159,218,502.90     72,818,929.50               –      2,526,165.68    285,355,505.70
                   3. Decrease during the current
                          period                              2,332,116.04                  –     16,071,356.01                –                –      18,403,472.05
                       (1) Disposal                           2,332,116.04                  –     16,071,356.01                –                –      18,403,472.05
                   4. Closing balance                       644,198,020.88     903,886,398.27    514,058,141.16   169,921,119.24   248,108,977.10   2,480,172,656.65
              III. Provision for impairment
              IV. Carrying amount
                   1. Closing carrying amount              1,790,057,146.69    553,387,772.48    207,983,096.38               –     20,540,051.09   2,571,968,066.64
                   2. Opening carrying amount              1,846,136,070.02    607,962,651.74    149,735,163.23               –     23,066,216.77   2,626,900,101.76




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025                  461
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXVI) Intangible assets (Continued)

                   1.      Information about intangible assets (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                  Unfinished        Customer
                           Item                                         Land use rights            Patents         Software         contract     relationships              Total


                           I.     Original book value
                                  1. Opening balance                   2,448,480,404.53   1,215,424,538.05   491,694,984.34   169,921,119.24   244,325,834.78    4,569,846,880.94
                                  2. Increase during the current
                                       period                                         –    137,206,009.06    116,085,273.60                –    24,323,193.41     277,614,476.07
                                      (1) Acquisition                                 –        707,402.17     98,159,142.15                –                –      98,866,544.32
                                      (2) Internal R&D                                –    136,498,606.89     14,996,126.45                –                –     151,494,733.34
                                      (3) Increased from enterprise
                                           merger                                     –                  –                –                –    24,323,193.41      24,323,193.41
                                      (4) Transferred from
                                            construction in progress                  –                  –     2,930,005.00                –                –        2,930,005.00
                                  3. Decrease during the current
                                        period                             6,606,105.21                  –      734,527.04                 –                –        7,340,632.25
                                      (1) Disposal                         6,606,105.21                  –      734,527.04                 –                –        7,340,632.25
                                  4. Closing balance                   2,441,874,299.32   1,352,630,547.11   607,045,730.90   169,921,119.24   268,649,028.19    4,840,120,724.76
                           II.    Accumulated amortization
                                  1. Opening balance                    545,513,040.00     606,874,216.97    415,568,377.20   169,921,119.24   244,325,834.78    1,982,202,588.19
                                  2. Increase during the current
                                       period                            50,852,483.82     137,793,678.40     42,476,717.51                –     1,256,976.64     232,379,856.37
                                      (1) Provision                      50,852,483.82     137,793,678.40     42,476,717.51                –     1,256,976.64     232,379,856.37
                                  3. Decrease during the current
                                        period                              627,294.52                   –      734,527.04                 –                –        1,361,821.56
                                      (1) Disposal                          627,294.52                   –      734,527.04                 –                –        1,361,821.56
                                  4. Closing balance                    595,738,229.30     744,667,895.37    457,310,567.67   169,921,119.24   245,582,811.42    2,213,220,623.00
                           III.   Provision for impairment
                           IV.    Carrying amount
                                  1. Closing carrying amount           1,846,136,070.02    607,962,651.74    149,735,163.23                –    23,066,216.77    2,626,900,101.76
                                  2. Opening carrying amount           1,902,967,364.53    608,550,321.08     76,126,607.14                –                –    2,587,644,292.75




462      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXVI) Intangible assets (Continued)

        1.    Information about intangible assets (Continued)

              2024 (Continued)


              As at the end of the reporting period, the proportion of internally generated intangible assets to the
              balance of intangible assets was

              Note:    (1)    As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of intangible assets with title restriction was
                              RMB84,289,048.63. (31 December 2024: RMB87,067,808.48).


                       (2)    The intangible assets derived from internal research and development accounted for 1.65% of
                              the closing carrying amount of intangible assets (2024: 3.13%).

                       (3)    As of the approval date of this financial statement, the Company had obtained the title
                              certificates and completed the procedures for registration for the land use rights.


        2.    Data resources recognised as intangible assets

                      Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


        3.    Information about land use rights for which a certificate of title has not been
              obtained

                      Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


        4.    Impairment test of intangible assets

                      Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


              Other explanation:


                      Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         463
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXVII) Goodwill

                   1.      Original carrying amount of goodwill

                            ✓       Applicable                 Not Applicable


                           2025


                                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Increase during            Decrease during
                                                                                                    the period                   the period
                                                                                           Arising from
                           Name of investee or matters                         Opening        business                                              Closing
                           resulting in goodwill                                balance    combination             Others          Disposal         balance


                           CASCO                                          201,027,354.70             –                  –                –    201,027,354.70
                           Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co.,
                              Ltd. (“Changsha Design Institute”)           37,429,932.37             –                  –                –     37,429,932.37
                           Electrification Bureau                          30,525,980.16             –                  –                –     30,525,980.16
                           CRSC (Zhengzhou) Zhong’an Engineering
                              Co., Ltd. (“Zhengzhou Zhong’an”)             27,673,509.65             –                  –                –     27,673,509.65
                           CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., LTD.
                              (“CRSC Wanquan”)                              3,865,524.80             –                  –                –      3,865,524.80
                           CRSC First Construction Co., Ltd. (“First
                              Construction”)                                3,802,223.24             –                  –                –      3,802,223.24
                           Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical
                              Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Deuta”)         669,345.89              –                  –                –       669,345.89
                           Others                                            330,257.77              –                  –                –       330,257.77


                           Total                                          305,324,128.58             –                  –                –    305,324,128.58




464      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

        1.    Original carrying amount of goodwill (Continued)

              2024


                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Increase during            Decrease during
                                                                                        the period                   the period
                                                                               Arising from
              Name of investee or                                                 business                                               Closing
              matters resulting in goodwill                  Opening balance   combination             Others          Disposal         balance


              CASCO                                           201,027,354.70             –                  –                 –   201,027,354.70
              Changsha Architectural Design Institute Co.,
              Ltd. (“Changsha Design Institute”)               37,429,932.37             –                  –                 –    37,429,932.37
              Electrification Bureau                           30,525,980.16             –                  –                 –    30,525,980.16
              CRSC (Zhengzhou) Zhong’an Engineering
                 Co., Ltd. (“Zhengzhou Zhong’an”)              27,673,509.65             –                  –                 –    27,673,509.65
              CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., LTD.
                 (“CRSC Wanquan”)                               3,865,524.80             –                  –                 –     3,865,524.80
              CRSC First Construction Co., Ltd. (“First
                 Construction”)                                 3,802,223.24             –                  –                 –     3,802,223.24
              Shanghai Deuta Electronic & Electrical
                 Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Deuta”)           669,345.89             –                  –                 –      669,345.89
              Others                                              330,257.77             –                  –                 –      330,257.77


              Total                                           305,324,128.58             –                  –                 –   305,324,128.58




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025             465
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

                   1.      Original carrying amount of goodwill (Continued)

                           Note:

                           1.      The Company allocates the carrying amount of goodwill of CASCO to the asset group that can benefit
                                   from the synergies of the business combination, and performs impairment test on this basis. The
                                   recoverable amount of the asset group is determined based on the higher of its net fair value less costs
                                   of disposal and the present value of estimated future cash flows of the asset group; indicating that the
                                   asset group is not impaired if either of which is more than the carrying amount of the asset group.

                                   The asset group of CASCO in this year is consistent with the asset group determined at the acquisition
                                   date and the goodwill impairment test in previous years. The determination of an asset group is based
                                   on whether the main cash inflow of the asset group is independent of other assets, a well as the way
                                   for the enterprise management to manage production and operation activities, and the decision-making
                                   method for the continued use or disposal of assets. In this year, CASCO confirmed that CASCO asset
                                   group portfolio was the smallest unit of asset groups with the combination of goodwill and its relevant
                                   assets based on the cash flow generated from goodwill. The cash flow generated from this asset group
                                   is independent of other assets or other asset groups, and the recoverable amount of the asset group is
                                   the present value of the estimated future cash -flows of CASCO. The amounts of key assumptions of the
                                   asset group related to impairment tests were consistent with the Company’s historical experience and
                                   external information. The key assumptions made by management in determining the present value of
                                   the cash flow forecast are as follows:

                                   Item                                                   31 December 2025             31 December 2024

                                   Forecast period                                                    5 years                     5 years
                                   Discount rate                                                      16.86%                      16.57%
                                   Average growth rate of income
                                     in the forecast period                                            2.00%                       2.00%


                                   As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the goodwill of the CASCO asset group has not been
                                   impaired and therefore no provision for impairment was required.




466      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

        1.    Original carrying amount of goodwill (Continued)

              Note: (Continued)

              2.     The Company conducted impairment test on the allocation of goodwill resulting from the acquisition of
                     Zhengzhou Zhong’an, CRSC Electri fication Bureau and Changsha Design Institute to the asset group.
                     The combination of asset groups is the combination which the goodwill combined with smallest asset
                     groups related to it, and the cash flow generated from this asset group was independent from other
                     assets or other asset groups, which was consistent with the combination of asset groups determined
                     at the date of purchase and during the impairment test for prior years. The recoverable amount was
                     determined according to the present value of the expected future cash flows of those subsidiaries,
                     and the expected future cash flows were determined according to the cash flow forecast based on the
                     5-year financial budget approved by the management. The pre-tax discount rates applied in the cash
                     flow projections were 13.88%, 13.88%, and 12.88%, respectively (2024: 14.09%, 14.09%, and 13.32%).
                     After testing, the goodwill generated by the acquisition of Electrification Bureau by the Company has
                     not been impaired, so no provision for impairment is required; and the goodwill generated by the
                     acquisition of Zhengzhou Zhong’an and Changsha Design Institute has been impaired, and a provision
                     of RMB16.6647 million and RMB25.7684 million for impairment has been made respectively.

              3.     The calculation of the present value of estimated future cash flows for CASCO, Zhengzhou Zhong'an,
                     Electrification Bureau and Changsha Design Institute as of 31 December 2025 and 31 December
                     2024 was based on certain assumptions. The following details the key assumptions made by the
                     management in determining the cash flow forecast for goodwill impairment test:

                     Budget gross margin – The determination basis was to appropriately increase the average gross
                     margin that was realized in the year before the budget year on the basis of the expected efficiency
                     improvement and the expected market development.

                     Discount rate – The discount rate adopted was the pre-tax discount rate that reflects the specific risks
                     of the relevant asset group.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025          467
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

                   2.      Provision for impairment of goodwill

                            ✓       Applicable           Not Applicable


                           2025


                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                           Name of investee or matters         Opening                                                                              Closing
                           resulting in goodwill                balance       Provision            Others       Disposal            Others          balance


                           Changsha Design Institute       25,768,400.00              –                   –             –                  –   25,768,400.00
                           Zhengzhou Zhong’an              16,664,700.00              –                   –             –                  –   16,664,700.00


                           Total                           42,433,100.00              –                   –             –                  –   42,433,100.00



                           2024


                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                           Name of investee or matters          Opening                                                                              Closing
                           resulting in goodwill                balance        Provision            Others       Disposal           Others          balance


                           Changsha Design Institute        5,616,900.00   20,151,500.00                  –             –                  –   25,768,400.00
                           Zhengzhou Zhong’an              16,664,700.00               –                  –             –                  –   16,664,700.00


                           Total                           22,281,600.00   20,151,500.00                  –             –                  –   42,433,100.00




468      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                             RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

        3.    Information about the asset group or combination of asset groups to which the
              goodwill belongs

                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


              Changes in the asset group or combination of asset groups


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


              Other explanation


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


        4.    Method to determine the recoverable amount

              The recoverable amount is determined as net amount of fair value less costs of disposal


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


              The recoverable amount is determined as the present value of estimated future cash flows


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


              Reasons for significant inconsistence between the aforesaid information and the information used by the
              previous impairment tests or external information


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


              Reasons for inconsistence between the information used by the Company for previous impairment tests
              and the facts for the corresponding years


                    Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       469
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXVII) Goodwill (Continued)

                   5.      Performance commitments and the impact on goodwill impairment test

                           Performance commitments exist when goodwill is recognised and the reporting period or the period
                           preceding the reporting period is within the period of the commitments.


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




470      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                                          RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXVIII) Long-term prepaid expenses

         ✓      Applicable            Not Applicable


        2025


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                    Opening      Increase during   Amortization for          Other              Closing
        Item                                           balance        the period         the period      deduction              balance


        Costs of improvements to fixed assets
          under operating leases and others     36,901,102.20      10,530,559.08     20,797,950.61                  -      26,633,710.67


        Total                                   36,901,102.20      10,530,559.08     20,797,950.61             0.00        26,633,710.67



        2024


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                     Opening     Increase during    Amortization for          Other              Closing
        Item                                           balance        the period         the period       deduction             balance


        Costs of improvements to fixed assets
           under operating leases and others    55,688,360.12      14,221,776.61     33,009,034.53                  –      36,901,102.20


        Total                                   55,688,360.12      14,221,776.61     33,009,034.53                  –      36,901,102.20




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025              471
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXIX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities

                   1.      Deferred tax assets not offset

                            ✓       Applicable                 Not Applicable


                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                      Closing balance                              Opening balance
                                                                                 Deductible        Deferred income            Deductible         Deferred income
                                                                                  temporary                 tax assets         temporary                 tax assets
                           Item                                                   difference                   Assets          difference                   Assets


                           Asset impairment provision                       2,872,870,524.44            629,307,709.06   2,556,533,382.07            560,296,634.33
                           Recognition of lease liabilities                  148,235,492.99              26,931,156.01    114,100,369.54              22,471,563.21
                           Unrealized profits in intra-group transactions     58,990,578.71              13,496,791.88     72,445,687.20              18,042,401.88
                           Deferred income                                   171,906,205.12              28,114,790.47     97,279,403.07              16,997,982.60
                           Estimated liabilities                              53,495,227.25               8,446,819.47     54,297,506.68               7,411,238.67
                           Unpaid employee benefits payable                   45,350,342.03               8,127,286.02     51,437,177.14               9,672,584.74
                           Others                                            255,705,959.38              62,791,782.67     87,638,720.70              20,993,696.57


                           Total                                            3,606,554,329.92            777,216,335.58   3,033,732,246.40            655,886,102.00




472      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                    RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXIX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Continued)

        2.    Deferred tax liabilities not offset

               ✓       Applicable                  Not Applicable


                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                         Closing balance                             Opening balance
                                                                    Deductible        Deferred income            Deductible        Deferred income
                                                                     temporary                 tax assets        temporary                tax assets
              Item                                                   difference                Liabilities       difference                Liabilities


              Depreciation of fixed assets                        83,367,849.00             12,505,177.35     79,705,852.60            11,955,877.89
              Recognition of right-of-use assets                 161,241,008.57             28,509,605.16    128,007,364.54            24,466,999.94
              Fair value adjustment of business
                 combination not under common control             48,180,811.32             10,994,017.93     48,976,286.65            11,393,133.31
              Floating profit and loss in portion of positions
                 of copper futures                                15,276,890.00              2,291,533.50                 –                         –
              Others                                             201,329,006.42             49,640,254.61    185,010,343.47            46,202,790.17


              Total                                              509,395,565.31            103,940,588.55    441,699,847.26            94,018,801.31




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                  473
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXIX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Continued)

                   3.      Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated on a net basis after offset

                            ✓       Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                             Closing balance                                    Opening balance
                                                                   Amounts offset          Net deferred tax             Amounts offset          Net deferred tax
                                                             between deferred tax       assets or liabilities     between deferred tax        assets or liabilities
                           Item                               assets and liabilities           after offsetting   assets and liabilities              after offset


                           Deferred tax assets                       51,947,744.62             725,268,590.96           44,360,066.34             611,526,035.66
                           Deferred tax liabilities                  51,947,744.62              51,992,843.93           44,360,066.34              49,658,734.97



                   4.      Breakdown of unrecognised deferred tax assets

                            ✓       Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                           Item                                                                       Closing balance                      Opening balance


                           Deductible temporary difference                                                38,991,148.30                      33,152,551.25
                           Deductible loss                                                            1,088,169,945.36                      730,970,383.36


                           Total                                                                      1,127,161,093.66                      764,122,934.61




474      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXIX) Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Continued)

        5.    Deductible loss for which no deferred tax assets are recognised will become
              due in the following years

               ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


              Year                                      Closing balance    Opening balance             Remarks


              2025                                                    –      32,248,171.52                    /
              2026                                        69,191,376.50      80,649,893.27                    /
              2027                                        43,830,165.39      43,830,165.39                    /
              2028                                        28,949,489.52      24,479,243.24                    /
              2029                                       101,801,583.83      82,347,814.79                    /
              2030                                       225,535,841.55      33,034,023.51                    /
              2031                                        22,304,698.40      22,304,698.40                    /
              2032                                        70,847,173.46      71,699,567.92                    /
              2033                                        99,319,540.29      97,853,593.17                    /
              2034                                       238,036,497.17     242,523,212.15                    /
              2035                                       188,353,579.25                  –                    /


              Total                                     1,088,169,945.36    730,970,383.36                    /



              Other explanation:


                      Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       475
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXX) Other non-current assets

                     ✓      Applicable               Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                        Closing balance                                         Opening balance
                                                             Closing      Provision for          Carrying             Closing       Provision for           Carrying
                    Item                                     balance        impairment            amount             balance         impairment              amount


                    Project quality deposit          1,580,142,488.11      5,607,408.98   1,574,535,079.13   1,094,056,714.91      4,484,867.34     1,089,571,847.57
                    Prepayment for fixed assets           125,740.00                 –         125,740.00      38,586,662.26                   –      38,586,662.26
                    Receivables of “Build-Operate-
                       Transfer” project             5,114,137,648.67     58,448,540.20   5,055,689,108.47   5,302,496,075.83     57,857,349.59     5,244,638,726.24
                    Interest on time deposits          22,231,944.45                 –      22,231,944.45      18,601,111.08                   –      18,601,111.08


                    Total                            6,716,637,821.23     64,055,949.18   6,652,581,872.05   6,453,740,564.08     62,342,216.93     6,391,398,347.15


                    Note:      As at 31 December 2025, the Group pledged other non-current assets of RMB4,738,943,742.04 and accounts
                               receivable of RMB688,685,201.79 (31 December 2024: other non-current assets of RMB4,915,049,570.76 and
                               accounts receivable of RMB680,198,573.12), both arising from concession rights and all proceeds thereunder,
                               as collateral for long-term borrowings of RMB2,972,083,923.00 (31 December 2024: RMB3,037,783,923.00). For
                               details, please refer to Note “VII. (XXXI)” in these Notes.




476      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXX) Other non-current assets (Continued)

        Provision for bad debt regarding other non-current assets

        2025


                                                                   Change during the period
                                           Opening                         Recovery or          Write-off or         Closing
        Category                            balance       Provision            reversal        cancellation          balance


        Provision for bad debt         62,342,216.93   1,713,732.25                   –                    –    64,055,949.18


        Total                          62,342,216.93   1,713,732.25                   –                    –    64,055,949.18



        2024


                                                                   Change during the period
                                            Opening                           Recovery              Write-off         Closing
        Category                            balance        Provision         or reversal      or cancellation        balance


        Provision for bad debt         63,692,244.97   -1,350,028.04                  –                    –    62,342,216.93


        Total                          63,692,244.97   -1,350,028.04                  –                    –    62,342,216.93




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025             477
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXXI) Assets with restricted ownership or right of use

                      ✓       Applicable                    Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                               Closing                                                             Opening
                                                       Closing           Carrying           Description of                 Closing          Carrying           Description of
                    Item                               balance            amount Type       restriction                   balance            amount Type       restriction


                    Monetary funds              542,779,025.99     542,779,025.99 Others    Acceptance bill        443,657,457.27     443,657,457.27 Others    Acceptance bill deposits,
                                                                                            deposits, guarantee                                                guarantee letter deposits
                                                                                            letter deposits and                                                and others
                                                                                            others
                    Notes receivable            270,507,694.57     269,808,807.17 Pledge    Pledged borrowings     420,994,803.11     409,762,991.02 Pledge    Pledged borrowings
                    Accounts receivable         923,535,105.31     812,083,256.38 Pledge    Pledged borrowings,   1,086,198,573.12    723,342,896.91 Pledge    Pledged borrowings,
                                                                                            factoring                                                          factoring
                    Long-term receivables       230,000,000.00     228,850,000.00 Others    Factoring                            –                 – Pledge    Factoring
                    Other non-current assets   4,738,943,742.04   4,720,800,585.00 Pledge   Pledged borrowings    4,915,049,570.76   4,896,343,364.30 Pledge   Pledged borrowings
                    Intangible assets            84,289,048.63      84,289,048.63 Pledge    Pledged borrowings      87,067,808.48      87,067,808.48 Pledge    Pledged borrowings
                    Construction in progress    327,820,102.20     327,820,102.20 Pledge    Pledged borrowings                   –                 – Pledge    Pledged borrowings


                    Total                      7,117,874,718.74   6,986,430,825.37 /        /                     6,952,968,212.74   6,560,174,517.98 /        /




478      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXXII) Short-term borrowings

        1.    Classification of short-term borrowings

               ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


              Item                                                             Closing balance              Opening balance


              Pledged borrowings                                                  97,888,684.08              105,270,799.80
              Credit borrowings                                                   72,587,767.42               38,194,632.03


              Total                                                             170,476,451.50               143,465,431.83



              Description of classification of short-term borrowings:


              Note:    As of 31 December 2025, the Company pledged bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance
                       bills with carrying amounts of RMB673,270.00 and RMB97,215,414.08, respectively, as collateral to
                       secure short-term borrowings of RMB97,888,684.08. (As of 31 December 2024, the Company pledged
                       bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills with carrying amounts of RMB1,500,000.00 and
                       RMB103,770,799.80, respectively, as collateral to secure short-term borrowings of RMB105,270,799.80).
                       Please see Note “VII. (XXXI)”.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         479
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXXII) Short-term borrowings (Continued)

                   2.      Overdue and Unrepaid Short-term Borrowings

                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                           Major overdue but unpaid short-term borrowings:


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (XXXIII) Financial liabilities held for trading

                         Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable


                    Other explanation:


                         Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable


            (XXXIV) Derivative financial liabilities

                         Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable




480      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                              RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXXV) Bills payable

        1.    Breakdown of bills payable

                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


               Type                                                         Closing balance             Opening balance


               Commercial acceptance bills                                   889,242,049.47              914,631,935.25
               Bank acceptance bills                                         802,022,462.14              860,977,208.36


               Total                                                       1,691,264,511.61             1,775,609,143.61


               Note:    As of 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Company did not have overdue but unpaid bills
                        payable.


   (XXXVI) Accounts payable

        1.    Accounts payable by aging on recording dates

                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


               Item                                                         Closing balance             Opening balance


               Within 1 year                                              20,288,727,791.04         23,865,836,803.98
               1 to 2 years                                                7,965,204,582.58             8,243,506,996.49
               2 to 3 years                                                4,266,950,020.09             5,104,577,209.46
               Over 3 years                                                6,699,226,150.56             5,521,822,845.88


               Total                                                      39,220,108,544.27         42,735,743,855.81




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         481
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXXVI) Accounts payable (Continued)

                   2.      Major accounts payable aged over one year

                            ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


                           As at 31 December 2025, the total of the top five accounts payable aged over one year amounted to
                           RMB997,298,239.68.


                           As at 31 December 2024, the total of the top five accounts payable aged over one year amounted to
                           RMB1,081,547,180.55.


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


            (XXXVII) Advance receipts

                   1.      Breakdown of advance receipts

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                   2.      Major advance receipts aged over one year

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                   3.      Amount of and reason for significant change in carrying amount within the
                           Reporting Period

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




482      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                 RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXXVIII) Contract liabilities

         1.     Contract liabilities status

                  ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                 Item                                           Closing balance            Opening balance


                 Advances                                       2,004,381,100.73           2,173,801,701.12
                 Incomplete project, settled                    7,647,371,945.70           8,086,919,099.28


                 Total                                          9,651,753,046.43      10,260,720,800.40



         2.     Major contract liabilities aged over one year

                         Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         483
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XXXVIII) Contract liabilities (Continued)

                   3.      Amount of and reason for significant change in carrying amount within the
                           Reporting Period

                            ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                           Item                                                        Change in amount      Reasons for change


                           Advances                                                        169,420,600.39    Collection at the
                                                                                                             beginning of the period
                                                                                                             was recognised as
                                                                                                             revenue in the current
                                                                                                             period
                           Incomplete project, settled                                     439,547,153.58    Contract liabilities at the
                                                                                                             beginning of the period
                                                                                                             were transferred to
                                                                                                             operating income in the
                                                                                                             current period


                           Total                                                           608,967,753.97


                           Note     The contract liabilities of RMB2,138,733,818.44 included in the carrying amount as at 31 December
                                    2024 have been transferred to revenue in 2025.


                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




484      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XXXIX) Amounts due from repurchase agreements of financial assets

        Item                                                                  Closing balance            Opening balance


        Financial assets sold for repurchase                                     16,950,121.15


        Total                                                                    16,950,121.15


        Note:   The ending balance represents bill discounting business with repurchase agreements conducted by the finance
                company at the central bank.


   (XL) Customers deposits and deposits from banks and other financial institutions

        Item                                                                  Closing balance            Opening balance


        Deposits absorbed by the finance company                              1,035,278,439.21           3,001,258,120.80


        Total                                                                 1,035,278,439.21           3,001,258,120.80




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         485
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLI) Employee benefits payable

                   1.      Breakdown of employee benefits payable

                                ✓      Applicable                   Not Applicable


                           2025


                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                      Opening     Increase during    Decrease during             Closing
                           Item                                                        balance          the period         the period            balance


                           I.       Short-term benefits                         839,210,803.41    5,751,170,647.73   5,885,077,698.48      705,303,752.66
                           II.      Post-employment benefits
                                      (defined contribution plan)                32,293,780.19     759,209,362.54     761,008,054.13        30,495,088.60
                           III. Dismissal benefits                                           –      10,081,766.72      10,081,766.72                   –
                           IV. Other benefits due within one year                37,241,000.00      28,496,384.92      30,897,384.92        34,840,000.00


                           Total                                                908,745,583.60    6,548,958,161.91   6,687,064,904.25      770,638,841.26



                           2024


                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                       Opening     Increase during   Decrease during              Closing
                           Item                                                        balance          the period         the period            balance


                           I.       Short-term benefits                         634,609,870.75    5,501,235,477.26   5,296,634,544.60      839,210,803.41
                           II.      Post-employment benefits
                                      (defined contribution plan)                29,189,317.02     718,476,852.05     715,372,388.88        32,293,780.19
                           III. Dismissal benefits                                   610,641.50       7,291,440.99       7,902,082.49                   –
                           IV. Other benefits due within one year                36,607,000.00      35,332,000.00      34,698,000.00        37,241,000.00


                           Total                                                701,016,829.27    6,262,335,770.30   6,054,607,015.97      908,745,583.60




486      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                                               RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLI) Employee benefits payable (Continued)

        2.   Breakdown of short-term remunerations

                  ✓      Applicable                  Not Applicable


             2025


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                       Opening     Increase during    Decrease during             Closing
             Item                                                       balance          the period         the period            balance


             I.       Wages, bonuses, allowances
                         and subsidies                           119,506,788.74    4,259,920,846.40   4,356,589,006.05       22,838,629.09
             II.      Employee welfare benefits                  458,928,284.84     238,862,794.10     238,863,314.10       458,927,764.84
             III. Social insurance premiums                       64,627,599.37     460,001,967.30     492,779,154.84        31,850,411.83
             Including: Medical insurance premiums                60,540,079.26     398,991,025.77     429,079,402.89        30,451,702.14
                          Industrial injury insurance
                             premiums                                 516,567.77     20,925,346.99      20,895,558.60          546,356.16
                           Maternity insurance premiums               637,485.73       3,254,430.31       3,248,560.39         643,355.65
                           Others                                  2,933,466.61      36,831,164.23      39,555,632.96          208,997.88
             IV. Housing provident fund                            3,422,442.85     423,797,550.28     423,951,644.41         3,268,348.72
             V.       Labour union funds and staff
                        education funds                          187,583,641.84     122,055,509.88     122,139,828.78       187,499,322.94
             VI. Short-term paid leave                                        –                  –                  –                   –
             VII. Short-term profit-sharing plan                              –                  –                  –                   –
             VIII. Others                                          5,142,045.77     246,531,979.77     250,754,750.30          919,275.24


             Total                                               839,210,803.41    5,751,170,647.73   5,885,077,698.48      705,303,752.66




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025           487
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLI) Employee benefits payable (Continued)

                   2.      Breakdown of short-term remunerations (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                             Opening     Increase during   Decrease during              Closing
                           Item                                              balance          the period         the period            balance


                           I.      Wages, bonuses, allowances
                                      and subsidies                     23,076,956.73   4,028,392,845.09   3,931,963,013.08      119,506,788.74
                           II.     Employee welfare benefits           381,617,385.84    317,224,998.73     239,914,099.73       458,928,284.84
                           III. Social insurance premiums               54,522,762.71    422,014,023.61     411,909,186.95        64,627,599.37
                           Including: Medical insurance premiums        53,646,628.06    389,940,894.39     383,047,443.19        60,540,079.26
                                        Industrial injury insurance
                                          premiums                        462,143.04      16,678,500.18      16,624,075.45          516,567.77
                                        Maternity insurance premiums      413,991.61        6,082,073.18       5,858,579.06         637,485.73
                                        Others                                      –       9,312,555.86       6,379,089.25        2,933,466.61
                           IV. Housing provident fund                    3,529,354.44    405,982,713.03     406,089,624.62         3,422,442.85
                           V.      Labour union funds and staff
                                   education funds                     171,034,624.26    114,516,251.26      97,967,233.68       187,583,641.84
                           VI. Other short-term compensation                        –                  –                  –                   –
                           VII. Short-term profit-sharing plan                      –                  –                  –                   –
                           VIII. Others                                   828,786.77     213,104,645.54     208,791,386.54         5,142,045.77


                           Total                                       634,609,870.75   5,501,235,477.26   5,296,634,544.60      839,210,803.41




488      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                              RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLI) Employee benefits payable (Continued)

        3.   Breakdown of defined contribution plan

              ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


             2025


                                                                                          Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                       Opening   Increase during          Decrease            Closing
             Item                                      balance        the period   during the period          balance


             1. Basic pension insurance         20,756,976.99     572,128,807.27     571,510,650.36      21,375,133.90
             2. Unemployment insurance             657,855.37      19,961,339.07      19,959,273.82        659,920.62
             3. Enterprise annuity payment      10,878,947.83     167,119,216.20     169,538,129.95       8,460,034.08


             Total                              32,293,780.19     759,209,362.54     761,008,054.13      30,495,088.60




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        489
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLI) Employee benefits payable (Continued)

                   3.      Breakdown of defined contribution plan (Continued)

                           2024


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                      Opening    Increase during   Decrease during            Closing
                           Item                                       balance         the period        the period           balance


                           1. Basic pension insurance         18,603,134.39      541,836,036.41     539,682,193.81      20,756,976.99
                           2. Unemployment insurance                612,992.78    18,677,039.11      18,632,176.52        657,855.37
                           3. Enterprise annuity payment       9,973,189.85      157,963,776.53     157,058,018.55      10,878,947.83


                           Total                              29,189,317.02      718,476,852.05     715,372,388.88      32,293,780.19



                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




490      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLII)   Tax payable

             ✓      Applicable      Not Applicable


                                                                   Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


            Item                                     Closing balance            Opening balance


            Value-added tax                           661,997,352.94             791,237,034.27
            Corporate income tax                      306,683,497.80             280,417,799.75
            Individual income tax                     161,175,645.76             154,380,457.96
            Urban maintenance and construction tax     25,700,801.82              28,059,701.93
            Property tax                                 2,543,649.39               2,193,480.95
            Educational surcharge                      19,094,423.41              20,711,340.83
            Land use tax                                 1,152,144.48               1,152,281.20
            Others                                       3,113,354.69                713,488.46


            Total                                    1,181,460,870.29           1,278,865,585.35




                                                                        Annual Report 2025         491
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLIII)   Other payables

                      1.   Presentation of items

                            ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                           Item                                       Closing balance            Opening balance


                           Interests payable                                        –                           –
                           Dividends payable                            11,764,619.61              12,169,644.46
                           Other payables                             2,188,116,899.80           1,961,827,723.66


                           Total                                      2,199,881,519.41           1,973,997,368.12



                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                      2.   Interests payable

                           Classified presentation


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Major overdue interest payable:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




492      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLIII)   Other payables (Continued)

             3.   Dividends payable

                  Classified presentation

                   ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                  Item                                                Closing balance           Opening balance


                  Jishou Tengda Economic Construction and
                   Investment Co., Ltd.                                  5,183,939.52              5,161,533.00
                  Jishou Huatai Underground Pipeline Investment and
                   Construction Co., Ltd.                                2,556,314.30              2,281,266.00
                  Taixing Zhiguang Technology Talents Plaza
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                 2,270,000.00              2,270,000.00
                  Eltek AS                                                 586,693.80              1,240,876.56
                  Zenitel Norway AS                                        507,424.50              1,073,219.40
                  Hangzhou Tianyue Win-Win Corporate Management
                       Partnership (Limited Partnership)                   142,749.50                142,749.50
                  Ordos State-owned Assets Investment Holding
                    Group Co., Ltd.                                        517,497.99                         –


                  Total                                                 11,764,619.61             12,169,644.46




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        493
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLIII)   Other payables (Continued)

                      4.   Other payables

                           Breakdown of other payables by nature

                            ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB

                           Item                                                      Closing balance             Opening balance


                           Deposits and margins                                      1,243,639,280.84            1,218,972,367.62
                           Current payments                                            275,991,330.92              144,617,717.75
                           Acquisition of fixed assets                                  38,771,579.79               12,465,727.73
                           Public facility maintenance funds                            10,859,677.72                9,962,174.48
                           Others                                                      618,855,030.53              575,809,736.08


                           Total                                                     2,188,116,899.80            1,961,827,723.66


                           Significant other payables with aging over one year or overdue

                            ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable

                           As at 31 December 2025, the total of the top five other accounts payable aged over one year amounted
                           to RMB350,867,315.73.


                           As at 31 December 2024, the total of the top five other accounts payable aged over one year amounted
                           to RMB263,102,345.35.


                           Other explanation:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




494      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                             RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLIV)   Liabilities held for sale

                    Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


   (XLV) Non-current liabilities due within one year

             ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


            Item                                                                        Closing balance               Opening balance


            Long-term borrowings due within one year                                      386,067,362.07               115,086,072.85
            Long-term payables due within one year                                         55,414,735.54                38,756,176.27
            Lease liabilities due within one year                                          48,333,280.16                35,707,002.20


            Total                                                                         489,815,377.77               189,549,251.32


            Note:    Please see the note “VII. (XLVII)” for details of long-term borrowings, the note “VII. (XLIX)” for details of lease
                     liabilities, and the note “VII. (L)” for details of long-term payables.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          495
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLVI)   Other current liabilities

                     Other current liabilities

                      ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                     Item                                                                             Closing balance               Opening balance


                     Output VAT to be transferred                                                          939,389,745.11            929,649,130.96
                     Estimated liabilities due within one year                                              27,612,890.02             26,285,388.08


                     Total                                                                                 967,002,635.13            955,934,519.04


                     Note:    Please see the note “VII. (LII)” for details of the estimated liabilities.


                     Other explanation:


                             Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable




496      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLVII) Long-term borrowings

        1.    Classification of long-term borrowings

               ✓      Applicable     Not Applicable


                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


              Item                                             Closing balance            Opening balance


              Balance                                          7,901,871,285.07           3,449,056,542.05
              Pledged borrowings                               2,972,083,923.00           3,037,783,923.00
              Pledged borrowings                                300,294,568.18             179,136,035.72
              Credit borrowings                                4,629,492,793.89            232,136,583.33
              Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year
                (Note VII. (XLV))                               386,067,362.07             115,086,072.85
              Pledged borrowings                                365,280,000.00             114,780,000.00
              Pledged borrowings                                    294,568.18                 169,489.52
              Credit borrowings                                  20,492,793.89                 136,583.33
              Long-term borrowings due over one year           7,515,803,923.00           3,333,970,469.20
              Pledged borrowings                               2,606,803,923.00           2,923,003,923.00
              Pledged borrowings                                300,000,000.00             178,966,546.20
              Credit borrowings                                4,609,000,000.00            232,000,000.00


              Total                                            7,515,803,923.00           3,333,970,469.20




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         497
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLVII) Long-term borrowings (Continued)

                   1.      Classification of long-term borrowings (Continued)

                           Explanation on the Classification of long-term borrowings:


                           Notes:

                           1.        As of 31 December 2025, the Company pledged other non-current assets amounting to
                                     RMB4,738,943,742.04 formed from the revenue rights of franchise operations and all income
                                     thereunder, as well as accounts receivable of RMB688,685,201.79 (as of 31 December 2024: other
                                     non-current assets of RMB4,915,049,570.76 and accounts receivable of RMB680,198,573.12) to secure
                                     a long-term borrowing of RMB2,972,083,923.00 (as of 31 December 2024: RMB3,037,783,923.00); of
                                     which RMB365,280,000.00 is due within one year.

                           2.        As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s credit borrowings amounted to RMB52,000,000.00 were
                                     the credit borrowings from the Bank of Chengdu that were guaranteed by the Company’s third-tier
                                     subsidiary First Construction for its subsidiary Yibin Tonghao Hongshun Project Management Co., Ltd..

                           3.        As at 31 December 2025, the credit borrowings amounted to RMB4,000,000,000.00, which represent
                                     entrusted loans borrowed by the Company from its parent company, China Railway Signal and
                                     Communication (Group) Corporation Limited.

                           4.        The above bank borrowings (including short-term borrowings) are made with annual interest rates
                                     ranging from 2.40% to 5.39% (31 December 2024: 2.95% to 5.39%).

                           5.        As of 31 December 2025, the balance of long-term borrowings with maturities between one to two
                                     years amounted to RMB193,363,871.94, those with maturities between two to five years amounted to
                                     RMB4,775,293,334.17, and those with maturities over five years amounted to RMB2,547,146,716.89
                                     (As of 31 December 2024, the balance of long-term borrowings with maturities between one to two
                                     years amounted to RMB111,500,000.00, those with maturities between two to five years amounted to
                                     RMB333,000,000.00, and those with maturities over five years amounted to RMB2,889,470,469.20).


                           Other explanation


                                    Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




498      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (XLVIII) Bonds payable

        1.    Bonds payable

                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


        2.    Increase or decrease in bonds payable (excluding preferred shares, perpetual
              bonds and other financial instruments classified as financial liabilities)

                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


        3.    Explanation about convertible corporate bonds

               Accounting treatment and judgment basis for conversion into equities


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


        4.    Explanation about other financial instruments classified as financial liabilities

               Basic information on preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that are
               outstanding at the end of the period


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Statement on changes in preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial instruments that are
               outstanding at the end of the period


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Explanation about basis for classifying other financial instruments as financial liabilities:


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


               Other explanation:


                     Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   499
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (XLIX)   Lease liabilities

                      ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                     Item                                              Closing balance           Opening balance


                     Lease liabilities                                  148,235,492.99            114,100,369.54
                     Less: Reclassified as non-current liabilities
                               due within one year (Note VII. (XLV))     48,333,280.16             35,707,002.20


                     Total                                               99,902,212.83             78,393,367.34



                     Item                                              Closing balance           Opening balance


                     Opening balance                                    114,100,369.54            131,220,810.13
                     Increase for the year                              103,140,893.22             71,277,798.58
                     Interest expense                                     5,215,521.20              5,637,242.60
                     Lease payments for the year                        -66,859,921.53            -89,732,245.17
                     Modification of lease for the year                  -7,361,369.44              -4,303,236.60


                     Closing balance for the year                       148,235,492.99            114,100,369.54




500      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (L)   Long-term payables

         Presentation of items

          ✓      Applicable            Not Applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


         Item                                                                       Closing balance               Opening balance


         Long-term payables                                                            47,316,374.84                45,383,366.45
         Special payables                                                                            –                          –


         Total                                                                         47,316,374.84                45,383,366.45



         Other explanation:


                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


         Long-term payables

         1.       Breakdown of long-term payables by nature

                   ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                  Item                                                              Closing balance               Opening balance


                  Construction warranty deposits                                      102,731,110.38                84,139,542.72
                  Less: Long-term payables due within one year                         55,414,735.54                38,756,176.27


                  Total                                                                47,316,374.84                45,383,366.45


                  Note:    For the details of long-term payables due within one year, please see Note “VII (XLV)”




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        501
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (L)     Long-term payables (Continued)

                   Special payables (Continued)

                   2.      Breakdown of special payables by nature

                                   Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (LI)    Long-term employee benefits payable

                     ✓   Applicable             Not Applicable


                   1.      Statement on long-term employee benefits payable

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                           Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                           Item                                               Closing balance           Opening balance


                           Post-employment benefits – Net liabilities under
                                defined benefit plans                          541,014,000.00            606,086,000.00
                           Termination benefits                                  5,511,000.00              6,785,000.00
                           Subtotal                                            546,525,000.00            612,871,000.00
                           Less: Remunerations payable within one year          34,840,000.00             37,241,000.00


                           Total                                               511,685,000.00            575,630,000.00




502      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                          RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LI)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)

          2.   Changes in defined benefit plans

               Present value of obligations under defined benefit plans:


                ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                       Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                           Amount for the           Amount for the
               Item                                                        current period           previous period


               I.   Opening balance                                        612,871,000.00           544,558,000.00
               II. The defined benefit cost included in the current
                    profit and loss                                          6,061,000.00            13,636,000.00
                    1. Current service costs                                           –                         –
                    2. Past service costs                                   -3,757,000.00                        –
                    3. Settlement gains (losses indicated by “-”)             -558,000.00              -805,000.00
                    4. Net interests                                        10,376,000.00            14,441,000.00
               III. The defined benefits cost included in other
                    comprehensive income                                   -39,139,000.00            89,375,000.00
                    1. Actuarial gains (losses indicated by “-”)           -39,139,000.00            89,375,000.00
                    (2) Others                                                         –                         –
               IV. Other changes                                           -33,268,000.00           -34,698,000.00
                    1. Consideration paid at settlement                                –                         –
                    2. Benefits paid                                       -33,268,000.00           -34,698,000.00
               V. Closing balance                                          546,525,000.00           612,871,000.00
               Less: Amount due within one year                             34,840,000.00            37,241,000.00


               VI. Amount due after one year                               511,685,000.00           575,630,000.00




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        503
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LI)    Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)

                   2.      Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)

                           Plan assets:


                                 Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


                           Net liabilities (net assets) under defined benefit plans


                                 Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


                           Explanation about impacts of the details of the defined benefit plan and its associated risks on the
                           Company’s future cash flow, timing, and uncertainty:


                                 Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable

                           Note： The Company pays supplementary retirement benefits for its employees in Mainland China who retired
                                 on and before 31 December 2012 in addition to the contributions made to statutory insurance plans.
                                 Such supplementary retirement benefits are defined benefit plans. These plans include monthly pension
                                 benefits, medical reimbursement benefits, annual medical insurance premiums, and funeral benefits for
                                 employees who are retired. The Company’s obligations in respect of supplementary retirement benefits
                                 are determined by estimating the amount of obligations that the Company is committed to paying to the
                                 employees after their retirement using actuarial techniques. The amount of the subsidy is determined
                                 based on the period during which the employee serves the Company and the relevant subsidy and
                                 welfare policy.


                           Some employees of the Company have gone through internal retirement. The internal retirement
                           payables are accrued in the relevant legal entities within the Company during the period in which
                           the Company has entered into relevant agreements/documents with relevant employees or informing
                           individual employees of the specific internal retirement terms.


                           The specific terms of internal retirement vary depending on factors such as the position of the relevant
                           employee, length of service and the region of service.


                           The plan is subject to interest rate risk, risk of changes in life expectancy of pension beneficiaries, and
                           stock market risks.




504      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LI)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)

          2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)

               Plan assets: (Continued)


               Such supplementary retirement benefits are discounted with the discount rate which determined by
               referring to the yield rate of the PRC treasury bonds with the maturity date similar to the period of the
               obligations assumed by the Company at the end of the Reporting Period. The service cost and net
               interest income and expenditures from the supplementary retirement benefits are recorded in the profit
               or loss for the current period when incurred, while the changes in liabilities from the remeasurement of
               supplementary retirement benefits are recorded in other comprehensive income.


               No planned asset has been established for the defined benefit plan by the Company as at 31 December
               2025 and 31 December 2024.


               The actuarial method and key assumption adopted for the calculation of the Company’s supplementary
               retirement benefits and internal retirement payables in each year/period are as follows:


               Name of the independent actuary: Towers Watson Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (韜睿惠悅管理諮詢（深
               圳）有限公司), Wu Haichuan;


               Qualifications: Member of the Society of Actuaries, member of the American Academy of Actuaries,
               fellow of China Association of Actuaries and Chartered Enterprise Risk Analyst;


               Actuarial method: The Company applied the projected unit credit method in its annual actuarial
               valuation;


               Key assumption: The annual growth rate of average medical costs, the annual growth rate of
               unreimbursed funeral costs, the annual growth rate of supplementary pension benefits for retired
               personnel, the annual growth rate of testament grant benefits, the annual growth rate of benefits for
               internal retired personnel and the death rate remain unchanged.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       505
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LI)    Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)

                   2.      Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)

                           Plan assets: (Continued)


                           The following table shows the main actuarial assumptions used on the balance sheet date:


                           Item                                                         Current period          Preceding period


                           Discount rate                                                         1.25%                     1.25%
                           Mortality rate                                            Average mortality         Average mortality
                                                                                      rate of residents          rate of residents
                                                                                    in Mainland China          in Mainland China
                           Average life expectancy                                                   14                        15
                           Annual growth rate of average medical expenses                        8.00%                     8.00%
                           Growth rate of supplementary pension benefits for                     3.00%                     3.00%
                           retired personnel
                           Annual growth rate of benefits for internal retired                   4.50%                     4.50%
                           personnel




506      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LI)   Long-term employee benefits payable (Continued)

          2.   Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)

               Explanation on the material actuarial assumptions and sensitivity analysis results of defined benefit plans


                ✓     Applicable        Not Applicable


               The following table provides a quantitative sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions used:


                                                                        (Decrease)/                             Increase/
                                                                         increase in                        (decrease) in
                                                                   obligations under                     obligations under
                                                                     defined benefit                       defined benefit
               Item                                Increase (%)               plans     Decrease (%)                plans


               Discount rate                                0.25     -15,027,000.00               0.25     15,740,000.00
               Annual growth rate of average
                 medical expenses                           1.00     30,679,000.00                1.00     -25,832,000.00


               The above sensitivity analysis is to infer the impact of reasonable change occurring to the key
               assumptions on the balance sheet date on the obligations under the defined benefit plans Sensitivity
               analysis is made on the basis of changes in significant assumptions while other assumptions remain
               unchanged. Since changes in assumptions are often not isolated from each other, sensitivity analysis
               might not represent actual changes in the obligations under defined benefit plans.


               Other explanation:


                      Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         507
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LII)   Estimated liabilities

                     ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                    Item                                               Closing balance         Opening balance       Cause of formation


                    Pending litigation                                                 –               781,815.91    /
                    Product quality guarantee                             52,307,769.79              53,469,818.87   /
                    Pending onerous contracts                                          –                         –   /
                    Others                                                  1,187,457.46                45,871.90    /
                    Subtotal                                              53,495,227.25              54,297,506.68   /
                    Less: Estimated liabilities due within one
                               year (Note VII. (XLVI))                    27,612,890.02              26,285,388.08   /


                    Total                                                 25,882,337.23              28,012,118.60   /



                    2025


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                        2025                 2025               2025               2025
                                                                                                             Pending
                                                                                       Product               onerous
                                                                    Pending                quality      contracts and
                                                                    litigation       guarantee                 others              Total
                                                                                           (note)


                    Opening balance                              781,815.91       53,469,818.87             45,871.90      54,297,506.68
                    Increase in this year                                   –    107,046,902.83          1,294,558.82     108,341,461.65
                    Reversal in this year                        781,815.91                     –                    –       781,815.91
                    Used in this year                                       –    108,208,951.91            152,973.26     108,361,925.17
                    Closing balance for the year                            –     52,307,769.79          1,187,457.46      53,495,227.25
                    Less： Estimated liabilities due within
                                one year (Note VII. (XLVI))                 –     26,469,293.05          1,143,596.97      27,612,890.02


                    Including: Estimated liabilities due
                                   over one year                            –     25,838,476.74             43,860.49      25,882,337.23




508      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LII)   Estimated liabilities (Continued)

           2024


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                  2024               2024                2024                2024
                                                                                                      Pending
                                                                                  Product             onerous
                                                              Pending              quality           contracts
                                                              litigation        guarantee          and others                Total
                                                                                    (note)


           Opening balance for the year                               –    43,062,970.78       10,298,733.23       53,361,704.01
           Increase in this year                           781,815.91      75,265,883.44           254,438.10      76,302,137.45
           Reversal in this year                                      –                  –                   –                   –
           Used in this year                                          –    -64,859,035.35     -10,507,299.43      -75,366,334.78
           Closing balance for the year                    781,815.91      53,469,818.87            45,871.90      54,297,506.68
           Less： Estimated liabilities due within
                     one year (Note VII. (XLVI))                      –    26,239,516.18            45,871.90      26,285,388.08


           Including: Estimated liabilities due
                        over one year                      781,815.91      27,230,302.69                     –     28,012,118.60


           Notes:

           The Company estimates the quality guarantee deposits according to the sales revenue and the estimated warranty rate
           taking into account the different stages of the product life cycle of different products. The estimated rate of warranty
           occurrence is based on the historical experience data of the actual occurrence of warranty for the same type of
           products, and may be estimated according to significant changes due to the different stages of product life cycle of
           different products and similar products. As at the balance sheet date, the quality guarantee deposits that the Company
           expects to incur in the future under the above method shall be included into the profit or loss for the period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          509
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LIII)   Deferred income

                     Deferred income situation

                      ✓      Applicable            Not Applicable


                     2025


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                       Opening      Increase during   Decrease during          Closing Cause of
                     Item                               balance          the period        the period          balance formation


                     1. Government
                             grants related
                             to assets             60,965,519.87       7,220,000.00      2,064,352.27     66,121,167.60 /
                     2. Government
                             grants related
                             to income             59,169,953.06     192,307,999.81    113,973,274.14    137,504,678.73 /


                     Total                        120,135,472.93     199,527,999.81    116,037,626.41    203,625,846.33 /



                     2024


                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                        Opening     Increase during   Decrease during           Closing Cause of
                     Item                               balance          the period         the period         balance formation


                     1. Government
                             grants related
                             to assets             63,069,884.68                         2,104,364.81     60,965,519.87 /
                     2. Government
                             grants related
                             to income            110,720,781.34     105,066,865.84    156,617,694.12     59,169,953.06 /


                     Total                        173,790,666.02     105,066,865.84    158,722,058.93    120,135,472.93 /



                     Other explanation:


                             Applicable       ✓    Not Applicable




510      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                           RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LIV) Other non-current liabilities

                 Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


   (LV) Share Capital

         ✓       Applicable          Not Applicable


        2025


                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                      Increase/decrease for the period (+/-)
                                                                                Capital reserve
                                             Opening       Issuance   Bonus               Share                                                      Closing
                                              balance    New shares    issue        conversion                 Others        Subtotal                balance


        Total number of shares       10,589,819,000.00            –        –                   –                    –                –      10,589,819,000.00



        2024


                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                      Increase/decrease for the period (+/-)
                                                                                        Reserve
                                                                                  Conversion of
                                              Opening      Issuance   Bonus          Bonds into                                                       Closing
                                              balance    New shares    issue             Shares                Others         Subtotal               balance


        Total Number of Shares       10,589,819,000.00            –        –                   –                    –                –      10,589,819,000.00




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025                  511
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
                     (LVI) Other equity instruments

                                   1.           Basic information on preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial
                                                instruments that are outstanding at the end of the period

                                                ✓            Applicable               Not Applicable


                                                2025


                                                                                     Dividend                                                                                 Expiry
      Outstanding                                                                      rate or                                                                                date or     Condition
      financial                                                     Accounting        interest                                                                                renewal     of          Transformation
      instruments                               Issue date          classification       rate Issue price        Number             Amount        Expense    Carrying amount status       conversion status


      2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
         China Railway Signal & Communication   6 December 2024 – Perpetual
         Corporation Limited (series 1)           9 December 2024 bonds                2.20%        100.00 15,000,000.00    1,500,000,000.00 -1,158,000.00   1,500,000,000.00 Unexpired None          No
      2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
         China Railway Signal & Communication   6 December 2024 – Perpetual
         Corporation Limited (series 2)           9 December 2024 bonds                2.40%        100.00 10,000,000.00    1,000,000,000.00   -772,000.00   1,000,000,000.00 Unexpired None          No



                                                2024


                                                                                     Dividend                                                                                 Expiry
      Outstanding                                                                      rate or                                                                                date or     Condition
      financial                                                     Accounting        interest                                                                                renewal     of          Transformation
      instruments                               Issue date          classification        rate Issue price       Number              Amount       Expense    Carrying amount status       conversion status


      2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
         China Railway Signal & Communication   6 December 2024 –   Perpetual
         Corporation Limited (series 1)           9 December 2024 bonds                2.20%        100.00     15,000,000   1,500,000,000.00 -1,158,000.00   1,500,000,000.00 Unexpired   None        No
      2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
         China Railway Signal & Communication   6 December 2024 –   Perpetual
         Corporation Limited (series 2)           9 December 2024 bonds                2.40%        100.00     10,000,000   1,000,000,000.00   -772,000.00   1,000,000,000.00 Unexpired   None        No




512           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
            (LVI) Other equity instruments (Continued)

                        2.          Statement on changes in preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial
                                    instruments that are outstanding at the end of the period

                                     ✓     Applicable                  Not Applicable


                                    2025


                                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                         Opening                 Increase during the period         Decrease during the period                     Closing
Outstanding financial instruments             Number         Carrying amount      Number       Carrying amount       Number      Carrying amount        Number         Carrying amount


2021 First Tranche of Medium-term
  Notes of China Railway Signal &
  Communication Corporation Limited                 –                      –            –                     –            –                    –             –                       –
2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
  China Railway Signal & Communication
  Corporation Limited (series 1)            15,000,000       1,500,000,000.00           –                     –            –                    –     15,000,000       1,500,000,000.00
2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
  China Railway Signal & Communication
  Corporation Limited (series 2)            10,000,000       1,000,000,000.00           –                     –            –                    –     10,000,000       1,000,000,000.00


Total                                       25,000,000       2,500,000,000.00           –                     –            –                    –     25,000,000       2,500,000,000.00



                                    2024


                                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                         Opening                  Increase during the period         Decrease during the period                    Closing
Outstanding financial instruments             Number          Carrying amount      Number        Carrying amount      Number       Carrying amount      Number           Carrying amount


2021 First Tranche of Medium-term
  Notes of China Railway Signal &
  Communication Corporation Limited         28,000,000       2,796,935,660.38            –                     –   28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38             –                       –
2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
  China Railway Signal & Communication
  Corporation Limited (series 1)                     –                      –   15,000,000     1,500,000,000.00             –                    –    15,000,000       1,500,000,000.00
2024 First Perpetual Corporate Bond of
  China Railway Signal & Communication
  Corporation Limited (series 2)                     –                      –   10,000,000     1,000,000,000.00             –                    –    10,000,000       1,000,000,000.00


Total                                       28,000,000       2,796,935,660.38   25,000,000     2,500,000,000.00    28,000,000     2,796,935,660.38    25,000,000       2,500,000,000.00



                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                    513
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LVI) Other equity instruments (Continued)

                   2.      Statement on changes in preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial
                           instruments that are outstanding at the end of the period (Continued)

                           Increase/decrease of other equity instruments in the period, the reasons thereof and the basis for related
                           accounting treatment:


                                  Applicable      ✓     Not Applicable


                           Other explanations:


                            ✓     Applicable            Not Applicable


                           The Company issued China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited 2024 First
                           Tranche Medium-Term Notes from December 6 to December 9, 2024, with issuance amounts
                           o f R M B1,500,000,000 a n d R M B1,000,000,000 r e s p e c t i v e l y . T h e i s s u a n c e f e e s a m o u n t e d t o
                           RMB1,930,000.00, and the total funds raised were RMB2,500,000,000. The Company recorded these
                           medium-term notes at their issuance proceeds and classified them as other equity instruments. The
                           initial investment periods for the notes were 5 years and 10 years, with interest rates of 2.2% and
                           2.4%, respectively. The Company has the option to defer the interest payment. After the expiration, the
                           Company has the option to renew; the reset rate during the renewal period jumped 300 basis points
                           based on the annual interest rate applicable to the previous investment period.




514      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LVII)   Capital reserve

             ✓       Applicable          Not Applicable


            2025


                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                             Opening     Increase during   Decrease during              Closing
            Item                                              balance         the period        the period              balance


            Capital premium                       15,534,483,362.54          109,245.29                  –     15,534,592,607.83
            Fiscal appropriation                          8,670,000.00                –                  –          8,670,000.00
            Acquisition of minority interest of
            subsidiaries                                  9,240,638.86                –                  –          9,240,638.86
            Adjustment on long-term equity
            under interest method                          680,678.28        589,972.56                  –          1,270,650.84
            Others                                   406,663,539.95                   –                  –       406,663,539.95


            Total                                 15,959,738,219.63          699,217.85                  –     15,960,437,437.48



            2024


                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                              Opening    Increase during   Decrease during               Closing
            Item                                              balance         the period         the period             balance


            Capital premium                       15,538,873,267.94          604,434.22       4,994,339.62     15,534,483,362.54
            Fiscal appropriation                          8,670,000.00                 –                 –          8,670,000.00
            Acquisition of minority interest of
            subsidiaries                                  9,240,638.86                 –                 –          9,240,638.86
            Adjustment on long-term equity
            under interest method                          735,248.35         -54,570.07                 –           680,678.28
            Others                                   406,663,539.95                    –                 –       406,663,539.95


            Total                                 15,964,182,695.10          549,864.15       4,994,339.62     15,959,738,219.63



            Other explanations, including details and reasons for changes during the period:




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         515
516
                                                           VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                         (LVIII)        Treasury shares

                                                                                                     Applicable                 ✓        Not Applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   RMB

                                                                         (LIX) Other comprehensive income

                                                                                           ✓         Applicable                          Not Applicable


                                                                                        2025


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                                                                             Less: Amount Less: Amount transferred
                                                                                                                                                                                    transferred to profit or   to retained earnings                             Amount attributable    Amount Attributable
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                   Opening        Current period           loss from other               from other                    Less:         to the parent          to the minority
                                                           Item                                                                                    Balance     income before tax   comprehensive income comprehensive income             Income tax expenses     company after tax    shareholders after tax    Closing Balance


                                                           I.      Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit
                                                                     or loss                                                                 -316,136,725.87     -131,053,501.91                       –                         –             -42,591,927.63        -88,461,574.28                       –      -404,598,300.15
                                                           Including: Changes of the re-measurement of the defined benefit plan              -322,099,000.00       39,139,000.00                       –                         –                          –         39,139,000.00                       –      -282,960,000.00
                                                                      Changes in fair value of other equity instrument investments              5,962,274.13     -170,192,501.91                       –                         –             -42,591,927.63       -127,600,574.28                       –      -121,638,300.15
                                                                      Changes in fair value of the Company’s own credit risk                               –                   –                       –                         –                          –                     –                       –                    –
                                                           II. Other comprehensive income reclassified to profit or loss                       16,103,375.74       28,263,323.62                       –                         –                          –         28,237,691.28               25,632.34        44,341,067.02
                                                           Including: Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or loss under
                                                                         the equity method                                                                –                   –                        –                         –                         –                     –                        –                   –
                                                                      Changes in fair value of other debt investments                                     –                   –                        –                         –                         –                     –                        –                   –
                                                                      Amount of financial assets reclassified into other comprehensive
                                                                          income                                                                          –                    –                       –                         –                         –                      –                       –                   –
                                                                      Provision for credit impairment on other debt investments                           –                    –                       –                         –                         –                      –                       –                   –
                                                                      Hedging reserve arising from cash flows                                  8,084,451.29        29,346,580.67                       –                         –                         –          29,346,580.67                       –       37,431,031.96
                                                                      Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




                                                                        statements                                                             2,301,407.42        -1,173,245.84                       –                         –                         –          -1,173,245.84                       –        1,128,161.58
                                                                      Provision for impairment of receivables for financing                    5,717,517.03            89,988.79                       –                         –                         –              64,356.45               25,632.34        5,781,873.48


                                                           Total other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                             -300,033,350.13     -102,790,178.29                       –                         –             -42,591,927.63        -60,223,883.00               25,632.34      -360,257,233.13
                     VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                   (LIX) Other comprehensive income (Continued)

                                                  2024


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan                Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                           Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                 Less: Amount transferred Less: Amount transferred to                                    Amount attributable      Amount Attributable
                                                                                            Opening    Current period income    to profit or loss from other retained earnings from other                 Less: Income        to the parent            to the minority
                     Item                                                                   Balance                before tax      comprehensive income            comprehensive income                   tax expenses    company after tax     shareholders after tax        Closing Balance


                     (I)     Other comprehensive income attributable to the owners
                               of the parent company                                 -218,701,865.94         -100,121,479.91                           –                              –                 -2,686,619.98        -97,434,859.93                         –          -316,136,725.87
                     Including: Changes of the re-measurement of the defined
                                   benefit plan                                      -232,724,000.00          -89,375,000.00                           –                              –                             –        -89,375,000.00                         –          -322,099,000.00
                                Changes in fair value of other equity instrument
                                   investments                                        14,022,134.06           -10,746,479.91                           –                              –                 -2,686,619.98         -8,059,859.93                         –            5,962,274.13
                     II. Other comprehensive income reclassified to profit or
                               loss                                                   15,216,176.59               876,603.27                           –                              –                             –            887,199.15                -10,595.88           16,103,375.74
                     Including: Other comprehensive income transferable to profit
                                   or loss under the equity method                                 –                       –                           –                              –                             –                     –                         –                        –
                                Provision for credit impairment on other debt
                                  investments                                                     –                        –                           –                              –                             –                     –                         –                       –
                     Hedging reserve arising from cash flows                           7,628,193.82               456,607.80                           –                              –                             –            456,607.80                         –            8,084,801.62
                     Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                        statements                                                     1,416,920.24               884,487.18                           –                              –                             –            884,487.18                         –            2,301,407.42
                     Changes in fair value of receivables for financing                6,171,062.53              -464,491.71                           –                              –                             –           -453,895.83                -10,595.88            5,717,166.70


                     Total other comprehensive income                                -203,485,689.35          -99,244,876.64                                                          –                 -2,686,619.98        -96,547,660.78                -10,595.88          -300,033,350.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2025

Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




517
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LX) Special reserve

                     ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                    2025


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                              Opening     Increase during   Decrease during            Closing
                    Item                                       balance         the period        the period            balance


                    Safety production expenses           348,771,551.18    261,711,648.74    213,268,423.10      397,214,776.82


                    Total                                348,771,551.18    261,711,648.74    213,268,423.10      397,214,776.82



                    2024


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                               Opening    Increase during   Decrease during             Closing
                    Item                                       balance         the period         the period           balance


                    Safety production expenses           299,764,318.80    358,241,749.12    309,234,516.74      348,771,551.18


                    Total                                299,764,318.80    358,241,749.12    309,234,516.74      348,771,551.18




518      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXI) Surplus reserve

         ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


        2025


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                     Opening     Increase during    Decrease during              Closing
        Item                                          balance         the period          the period             balance


        Statutory surplus reserve             2,482,496,646.28    211,665,686.88                   –     2,694,162,333.16


        Total                                 2,482,496,646.28    211,665,686.88                   –     2,694,162,333.16



        2024


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                      Opening     Increase during    Decrease during              Closing
        Item                                          balance          the period          the period            balance


        Statutory surplus reserve             2,280,998,087.60    201,498,558.68                   –     2,482,496,646.28


        Total                                 2,280,998,087.60    201,498,558.68                   –     2,482,496,646.28



        Explanation of surplus reserve, including changes during the period and reasons for the changes:


        1.       According to the Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall
                 withdraw statutory surplus reserve fund at 10% of its net profit. If the accumulative amount of the
                 statutory surplus reserve is more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, the statutory surplus
                 reserve fund shall no longer be withdrawn.


        2.       After the Company withdraws the statutory surplus reserve fund, it can withdraw discretionary surplus
                 reserve fund. Upon approval, the discretionary surplus reserve can be used to make up for losses of the
                 preceding year or increase share capital.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        519
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXII)   Retained earnings

                      ✓       Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                     Item                                                                        Current period              Preceding period


                     Retained earnings at the end of last period before
                           adjustment                                                         16,342,719,229.07           15,044,440,040.06
                     Total amount of retained earnings at the beginning of the
                       adjustment period (increase +, decrease -)                                               –                           –
                     Retained earnings at the beginning of the period after
                           adjustment                                                         16,342,719,229.07           15,044,440,040.06
                     Add: Net profits attributable to owners of the parent during
                                the current period                                             3,686,410,571.89              3,494,725,837.36
                     Less: Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve                            211,665,686.88               201,498,558.68
                             Appropriation to discretionary surplus reserve                                     –                           –
                             Accrual of general risk reserves                                      66,403,613.16               62,098,285.67
                     Dividend payables of ordinary shares                                      1,800,269,230.00              1,800,269,230.00
                     Dividend of ordinary shares converted into share capital                                   –                           –
                     Other decrease                                                                57,000,000.00              132,580,574.00


                     Retained earnings at the end of the period                               17,893,791,270.92           16,342,719,229.07


                     Note:

                     (1)       Pursuant to the resolution of the Company’s 2024 annual general meeting, the Company declared a dividend
                               in respect of the remaining distributable profits for the year ended 31 December 2025 on June 23, 2024 of
                               RMB0.17 cash dividend per share (inclusive of tax), totaling RMB1,800,269,230.00. (FY2024: Pursuant to the
                               resolution of the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company declared a dividend in respect of
                               the remaining distributable profits for the year ended 31 December 2023 of RMB0.17 cash dividend per share
                               (inclusive of tax) totaling RMB1,800,269,230.00 on March 26, 2024).

                     (2)       Provision made for general risks during this period results in the decrease of RMB66,403,613.16 (2024：
                               62,098,285.67) in undistributed profits.

                     (3)       Dividends paid to other equity holders for the current period resulted in a decrease of RMB57,000,000.00 (2024：
                               92,960,000.00) in retained earnings.




520      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXIII)   Revenue and costs of sales

             1.   Revenue and costs of sales

                   ✓      Applicable     Not Applicable


                                                                                                Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                  Item                           Amount for the current period              Amount for the previous period
                                                     Revenue                     Cost            Revenue                     Cost


                  Principal operations       34,212,261,131.38     24,393,796,626.32    32,147,918,141.62      22,795,516,368.06
                  Other operations             340,531,414.04         179,495,147.83      325,115,624.44          189,894,058.65


                  Total                      34,552,792,545.42     24,573,291,774.15    32,473,033,766.06      22,985,410,426.71




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025            521
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXIII)   Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)

                      2.   Revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                           Rail transportation       Construction
                           Category                           control system          contracting          Others                 Total


                           By region of operation:
                             China                         29,549,465,578.85     2,351,454,586.54   294,643,521.36    32,195,563,686.75
                             Other countries and regions    2,357,228,858.67                    –                –     2,357,228,858.67


                           Total                           31,906,694,437.52     2,351,454,586.54   294,643,521.36    34,552,792,545.42


                           By time of transfer of goods:
                             Revenue recognised at a
                               certain point of time        6,884,598,142.66                    –   294,643,521.36     7,179,241,664.02
                             Revenue recognised within
                               a certain period of time    25,022,096,294.86     2,351,454,586.54                –    27,373,550,881.40


                           Total                           31,906,694,437.52     2,351,454,586.54   294,643,521.36    34,552,792,545.42



                           Typically, the construction contracts or service rendering contracts provided by the Group as a
                           whole constitutes a single performance obligation and is a performance obligation performed within
                           a certain period of time. As of 31 December 2025, some of the Group’s construction contracts or
                           service rendering contract are still in the process of performance. The transaction price allocated to the
                           outstanding (or partially outstanding) performance obligations is related to the performance progress
                           of the corresponding construction contract or service rendering contract, and will be recognized as
                           revenue on the basis of the performance progress in the future performance period of the corresponding
                           construction contract or service rendering contract.




522      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                                            RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXIII)   Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)

             3.   Breakdown of revenue and costs of sales

                   ✓       Applicable            Not Applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                  Contract classification                Amount for the current period              Amount for the previous period
                                                             Revenue            Cost of sales            Revenue             Cost of sales


                  Rail transportation control
                    system                           31,906,694,437.52     22,335,270,150.71    29,551,790,215.39      20,542,273,264.34
                  Equipment manufacturing             6,884,598,142.66       4,362,951,523.98    6,602,976,539.18       4,162,381,332.66
                  System implementation              11,010,962,393.29       9,483,159,871.98   10,694,349,946.39       8,964,483,016.57
                  Design and integration             14,011,133,901.57       8,489,158,754.75   12,254,463,729.82       7,415,408,915.11
                  Construction contracting            2,351,454,586.54       2,136,380,472.58    2,689,055,714.68       2,366,850,330.61
                  Others                               294,643,521.36         101,641,150.86      232,187,835.99           76,286,831.76


                  Total                              34,552,792,545.42     24,573,291,774.15    32,473,033,766.06      22,985,410,426.71



                  Other explanation


                           Applicable        ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025             523
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXIII)   Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)

                      4.   Details of performance obligation

                                 Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


                           The Company recognizes the income when its performance obligations as stipulated in the contract are
                           fulfilled, that is, when the customer obtained control of the related assets (goods or services). Whether a
                           performance obligation is fulfilled within a time period or at a point in time depends on the terms of the
                           contract and relevant laws and regulations. If the Company meets one of the following conditions, the
                           performance obligation is fulfilled within a certain period of time:


                           (1)    The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the Company’s
                                  performance while the Company is performing the contract.


                           (2)    The customer can control the assets under construction during the Company’s performance.


                           (3)    The assets produced by the Company during the performance of the contract have irreplaceable
                                  uses, and the Company has the right to receive payment for the accumulated performance of the
                                  contract so far throughout the contract period.


                           If the performance obligation is fulfilled within a certain period of time, the Company recognizes revenue
                           in accordance with the progress of performance. Otherwise, the Company recognizes revenue at the
                           point at which the customer obtains control of the underlying assets. The progress of performance is
                           determined based on the value to the customer of the commodities transferred to the customer.




524      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXIII)   Revenue and costs of sales (Continued)

             5.   Explanation about allocation to the remaining performance obligations

                        Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                  Typically, the construction contracts or service rendering contracts provided by the Group as a
                  whole constitutes a single performance obligation and is a performance obligation performed within
                  a certain period of time. As of 31 December 2025, some of the Group’s construction contracts or
                  service rendering contract are still in the process of performance. The transaction price allocated to the
                  outstanding (or partially outstanding) performance obligations is related to the performance progress
                  of the corresponding construction contract or service rendering contract, and will be recognized as
                  revenue on the basis of the performance progress in the future performance period of the corresponding
                  construction contract or service rendering contract.


             6.   Material Contract Modifications or Significant Transaction Price Adjustments

                        Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         525
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXIV)   Taxes and surcharges

                      ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                         Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                Amount for                 Amount for
                     Item                                                the current period       the previous period


                     Urban maintenance and construction tax                   98,682,024.95             91,170,446.48
                     Educational surcharge                                    72,822,914.46             67,759,509.34
                     Property tax                                             67,636,176.52             71,268,906.95
                     Stamp duty                                               29,454,615.19             33,388,312.09
                     Urban Land Use Tax                                       12,579,308.84             13,965,288.53
                     Others                                                    2,901,439.79              4,297,896.54


                     Total                                                   284,076,479.75            281,850,359.93



            (LXV) Selling and distribution expenses

                      ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                         Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                    Amount for the current    Amount for the previous
                     Item                                           period                    period


                     Employee benefits                                       577,757,500.53            550,416,163.45
                     Sales service expenses                                  151,972,553.39            169,768,791.52
                     Tendering expenses                                       55,521,286.04             57,653,891.44
                     Office and rental expenses                               24,601,808.73             35,687,509.65
                     Depreciation and amortization expenses                    7,640,841.97              8,821,220.81
                     Others                                                   48,037,121.44             29,230,777.14


                     Total                                                   865,531,112.10            851,578,354.01




526      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                         RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXVI)   General and administrative expenses

             ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount for                   Amount for
            Item                                                                 the current period          the previous period


            Employee benefits                                                      1,639,790,931.14             1,547,512,440.97
            Safety production expenses                                                20,440,074.40              117,597,209.11
            Depreciation and amortization expenses                                   273,860,222.06              249,825,729.17
            Office and rental expenses                                               196,602,484.10              226,112,298.87
            Travel costs and business entertainment expenses                          64,679,095.28               64,252,828.41
            Others                                                                   231,761,745.84              183,614,912.45


            Total                                                                  2,427,134,552.82             2,388,915,418.98


            Note:    The audit fees of the Group for the year was RMB6,700,000.00 (2024: RMB6,650,000.00).


   (LXVII) Research and development expenses

             ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Amount for                   Amount for
            Item                                                                 the current period          the previous period


            Labor expenses                                                         1,124,331,534.83             1,129,947,726.89
            Materials expenses                                                       120,922,135.48              153,934,404.18
            Testing and processing expenses                                          172,893,370.54              131,084,259.65
            Depreciation and amortization expenses                                   223,110,867.08              178,979,611.73
            Administrative expenses                                                    1,884,780.26               21,331,998.42
            Travel costs                                                              50,688,675.38               42,435,634.38
            Others                                                                   311,832,291.07              254,659,544.04


            Total                                                                  2,005,663,654.64             1,912,373,179.29




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         527
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXVIII) Finance costs

                      ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                          Amount for                 Amount for
                     Item                                           the current period      the previous period


                     Interest expense                                   86,781,518.21             38,126,835.89
                     Less: Interest income                             168,852,122.91            306,805,350.71
                     Exchange loss                                       -2,270,688.91            -17,621,876.09
                     Financial institutions commissions                 28,349,174.48             49,893,539.38


                     Total                                             -55,992,119.13            -236,406,851.53



            (LXIX)   Other income

                      ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                          Amount for                 Amount for
                     By nature                                      the current period      the previous period


                     Government grants                                 374,869,152.90            387,921,128.94
                     Additional deduction of input tax                  26,419,658.86             25,996,043.21
                     Withholding of personal income tax fees             2,975,063.54              3,595,927.60
                     VAT directly exempted                                 121,316.38                 61,507.90
                     Gains from debt restructuring                        -639,153.04                200,000.00


                     Total                                             403,746,038.64            417,774,607.65




528      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                     RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXIX)   Other income (Continued)

            Government grants recognized as other income


                                                                        Amount for                 Amount for
            Item                                                  the current period      the previous period


            Government grants related to assets                          257,382.55               297,395.08
            Others grants                                                257,382.55               297,395.08
            Government grants related to income                      374,611,770.35            387,623,733.86
            Refund of taxes                                          158,682,101.67            170,740,190.68
            Others grants                                            215,929,668.68            216,883,543.18


            Total                                                    374,869,152.90            387,921,128.94



   (LXX) Investment Income

             ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                  Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                        Amount for                 Amount for
            Item                                                  the current period      the previous period


            Income from long-term equity investments
             under the equity method                                 106,954,319.46            115,630,269.91
            Investment income from disposal of long-term
             equity investments                                                   –                -99,529.00
            Dividend income from debt investments
              during the holding period                                7,687,018.65             11,364,993.67
            Realized gain (loss) from ineffective portion of
              cash flow hedges                                         4,573,097.35               -213,267.94
            Investment income generated from debt restructuring        2,816,135.49              2,147,193.67
            Others                                                     -2,493,001.11              -246,636.61


            Total                                                    119,537,569.84            128,583,023.70




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       529
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXI)   Gains on net exposure hedges

                             Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


            (LXXII) Gains from changes in fair value

                             Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


            (LXXIII) Credit impairment loss

                      ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                          Amount for                 Amount for
                     Item                                           the current period      the previous period


                     Losses from bad debts                             379,187,881.58            324,105,898.50


                     Total                                             379,187,881.58            324,105,898.50




530      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                                                                           RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXIV) Asset impairment loss

         ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                        Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount for                Amount for
        Item                                                           the current period       the previous period


        Losses from impairment                                             -24,411,022.08            22,109,209.59


        Total                                                              -24,411,022.08            22,109,209.59



   (LXXV) Gains on disposal of assets

         ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                        Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                Amount included in
                                                        Amount for             Amount for     current non-recurring
        Item                                      the current period   the previous period             profit or loss


        Gains on disposal of fixed assets              -2,415,727.90        38,320,616.09             -2,415,727.90
        Gains on disposal of intangible
             assets                                   81,343,010.92            697,239.97            81,343,010.92
        Gains on disposal of other assets                443,640.58          3,180,895.64               443,640.58


        Total                                         79,370,923.60         42,198,751.70            79,370,923.60




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         531
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXVI) Non-operating income

                   Information about non-operating income

                     ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                            Amount included in
                                                                     Amount for             Amount for    current non-recurring
                    Item                                      the current period   the previous period             profit or loss


                    Income from damage and
                      scrapping of non-current assets                110,291.73             94,334.24               110,291.73
                    Government grants                              1,806,969.72          1,984,344.98             1,806,969.72
                    Compensation payments                         61,554,529.60          4,235,469.93            61,554,529.60
                    Accounts unpayable                             4,884,166.77         33,686,439.31             4,884,166.77
                    Others                                        29,270,485.42         15,835,681.54            29,270,485.42


                    Total                                         97,626,443.24         55,836,270.00            97,626,443.24



                    Other explanation:


                            Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


            (LXXVII) Non-operating expenses

                     ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                            Amount included in
                                                                     Amount for             Amount for    current non-recurring
                    Item                                      the current period   the previous period             profit or loss


                    Losses from disposal of non-
                    current assets                                    356,229.21           160,630.07               356,229.21
                    External donation                                 550,020.00           566,958.45               550,020.00
                    Lawsuit compensation                            2,251,417.76         2,538,981.31             2,251,417.76
                    Others                                          7,574,151.57         9,276,698.46             7,574,151.57


                    Total                                         10,731,818.54         12,543,268.29            10,731,818.54




532      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXVIII) Income tax expenses

        1.     Income tax expenses chart

                ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Amount for                  Amount for
               Item                                                            the current period      the previous period


               Current income tax expenses                                        730,139,989.48             725,445,666.17
               Deferred income tax expenses                                       -68,816,518.71              -63,608,758.02


               Total                                                              661,323,470.77             661,836,908.15



        2.     Adjustment process for accounting profit and income tax

                ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                               Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                Amount for
               Item                                                                                    the current period


               Total profit                                                                                 4,908,185,866.07
               Income tax at the statutory/applicable income tax rate                                       1,227,046,466.52
               Effect of different tax rates for subsidiaries                                                -436,197,772.94
               Effect of adjustment on the income tax prevailing in previous period                           -43,163,192.37
               Effect of non-taxable income                                                                               –
               Effect of non-deductible cost, expenses and loss                                               26,112,990.39
               Effect of utilization of deductible losses in deferred income tax assets not
                 recognized in previous period                                                                   -820,820.25
               Effect of deductible temporary differences or deductible losses in deferred
                 income tax assets not recognized in the current period                                       78,702,922.43
               Profit and loss attributable to joint ventures and associates                                  -27,810,373.50
               Tax effect of additional deductions                                                           -166,637,223.03
               Others                                                                                           4,090,473.52


               Income tax expenses                                                                           661,323,470.77




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         533
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXVIII) Income tax expenses (Continued)

                   2.      Adjustment process for accounting profit and income tax (Continued)

                           Other explanation:


                            ✓     Applicable           Not Applicable

                           Notes: The Group’s income tax has been provided at the applicable rate on the estimated profits assessable
                                  arising in the PRC during the period. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at
                                  the applicable rates of tax prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates, based on
                                  existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.


            (LXXIX) Earnings per share

                   1.      Basic Earnings Per Share

                           Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                           shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding of
                           the Company.


                                                                                               Amount for                  Amount for
                           Item                                                                 the period                  last period


                           Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                             shareholders of the parent company                           3,686,410,571.89           3,494,725,837.36
                           Less: Dividend distributions from other equity
                                   instruments for the current year
                                   (Note VII.(LXII))                                         57,000,000.00              92,960,000.00
                           Adjusted consolidated net profit attributable to
                             ordinary shareholders of the parent company                  3,629,410,571.89           3,401,765,837.36
                           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                             outstanding                                                10,589,819,000.00          10,589,819,000.00
                           Basic earnings per share                                                    0.34                       0.32
                           Of which: Basic earnings per share from continuing
                                        operations                                                     0.34                       0.32
                                     Basic earnings per share from
                                        discontinued operations                                           –                          –




534      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXIX) Earnings per share (Continued)

        2.    Diluted Earnings Per Share

              Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit (diluted) attributable to
              the ordinary shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
              outstanding (diluted) of the Company.


              Item                                                    Amount for the period       Amount for last period


              Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                shareholders of the parent company (diluted)                3,686,410,571.89           3,494,725,837.36
              Less: Dividend distributions from other equity
                      instruments for the current year
                      (Note VII.(LXII))                                        57,000,000.00              92,960,000.00
              Adjusted consolidated net profit attributable to
                ordinary shareholders of the parent company
                (diluted)                                                   3,629,410,571.89           3,401,765,837.36
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                outstanding (diluted)                                      10,589,819,000.00          10,589,819,000.00
              Diluted earnings per share                                                 0.34                       0.32
              Of which: Diluted earnings per share from continuing
                operations                                                               0.34                       0.32
                        Diluted earnings per share from
                            discontinued operations                                          –                         –




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         535
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXX) Supplementary information on the income statement classified by nature of
                   expenses

                    The operating costs, selling expenses, administrative expenses, and research and development expenses and
                    finance costs in the income statement are classified by nature as follows:


                                                                                             Amount for            Amount for
                    Item                                                              the current period   the previous period


                    Raw materials and components consumed                             15,160,656,901.30    14,121,784,860.99
                    Subcontracting costs                                                3,925,108,830.75     3,727,366,319.72
                    Employee benefits                                                   6,284,446,192.39     6,240,639,770.30
                    Research expenses                                                    537,299,117.25       449,511,436.49
                    Depreciation and amortization fees                                   712,028,990.93       755,066,402.93
                    Others                                                              3,196,088,941.96     2,607,501,737.03


                    Total                                                             29,815,628,974.58    27,901,870,527.46



            (LXXXI) Other comprehensive income

                     ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                    See note VII. (LIX)




536      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXII) Items in statement of cash flows

        1.    Cash related to operating activities

               Cash received relating to other operating activities


                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Amount for the             Amount for the
               Item                                                              current period            previous period


               Other operating income                                             18,793,208.80            100,145,455.69
               Government grants                                                 303,291,364.07            172,950,083.79
               Interest income                                                   138,316,998.11            161,428,024.52
               Others                                                            374,385,915.66            275,271,025.63


               Total                                                             834,787,486.64            709,794,589.63



               Explanation on other cash received related to operating activities:


               Nil.


               Other cash paid related to operating activities


                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                 Amount for the             Amount for the
               Item                                                              current period            previous period


               Research and development expenditure                              491,909,034.61            463,828,080.59
               Safety production expenses                                         20,310,907.22             55,365,005.38
               Travel costs and business entertainment expenses                  244,417,481.77            233,644,542.30
               Others                                                        1,063,413,311.67              978,960,555.43


               Total                                                         1,820,050,735.27             1,731,798,183.70



               Explanation on other cash paid related to operating activities:


               Nil.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         537
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)

                   2.      Other cash related to investment activities

                           Other cash received related to significant investment activities


                                   Applicable   ✓       Not Applicable


                           Other cash paid related to significant investment activities


                                   Applicable   ✓       Not Applicable


                           Other cash received related to investment activities


                            ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                              Amount for the           Amount for the
                           Item                                                               current period           previous period


                           Interest income                                                    202,243,440.21            72,145,014.11
                           Received external investment funds                                             –                         –
                           Other investing activities                                           7,212,989.52                        –
                           Impact of business combinations under non-
                             common control                                                    10,000,000.00            30,382,818.09
                           Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries in prior
                             years                                                                        –              4,185,000.00


                           Total                                                              219,456,429.73           106,712,832.20



                           Explanation on other cash received related to investment activities:


                           Nil.




538      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)

        2.    Other cash related to investment activities (Continued)

              Other cash paid related to investment activities


               ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount for the                 Amount for the
              Item                                                             current period               previous period


              Other investing activities                                        42,706,400.00               267,283,368.00


              Total                                                             42,706,400.00               267,283,368.00



              Explanation of other cash payments related to investing activities:


              Nil.


        3.    Cash flows relating to financing activities

              Other receipts relating to financing activities


               ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                              Amount for the                 Amount for the
              Item                                                             current period               previous period


              Cash received from factoring services                           280,000,000.00                300,000,000.00
              Interest corresponding to investment funds                               20,576.84                          –
              Issuance of perpetual bond                                                      –            2,498,070,000.00


              Total                                                           280,020,576.84               2,798,070,000.00



              Explanation on other cash received related to fund-raising activities:


              Nil.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         539
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)

                   3.      Cash flows relating to financing activities (Continued)

                           Other cash payments related to fund-raising activities


                            ✓      Applicable              Not Applicable


                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Amount for the                 Amount for the
                           Item                                                                    current period               previous period


                           Rental expenses and others                                              270,146,615.73               190,618,882.60
                           Repayment of perpetual bond                                                            –            2,800,000,000.00


                           Total                                                                   270,146,615.73              2,990,618,882.60



                           Explanation on other cash paid related to fund-raising activities:


                           Nil.


                           Changes in liabilities due to fund-raising activities


                                   Applicable       ✓      Not Applicable


                           Item                                     Interests payable        Borrowings    Dividends payable       Lease liabilities


                           Opening balance for the year                            –    3,592,521,973.88       12,169,644.46       114,100,369.54
                           Dividend distribution                                   –                   –    2,207,430,846.78                      –
                           Distribution to other equity holders                    –                   –       57,000,000.00                      –
                           Interests accrued                         196,663,798.69                    –                   –                      –
                           Changes in cash flows of fund-raising
                             activities                              -196,663,798.69    4,577,727,533.75   -2,234,592,161.61       -67,996,519.25
                           Significant cash-free fund-raising
                             activities                                            –      -97,901,771.06      -30,243,710.02       102,131,642.70
                           Closing balance for the year                            –    8,072,347,736.57       11,764,619.61       148,235,492.99




540      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                        RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXII) Items in statement of cash flows (Continued)

        4.    Explanation on presenting cash flows in net amount

                     Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


        5.    Significant activities not involving current cash receipts and payments but
              affecting the Company’ s financial condition or potentially affecting the
              Company’ s future cash flows, and the financial impact thereof

                     Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


   (LXXXIII) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

        1.    Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

               ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                     Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                        Amount for the              Amount for the
              Supplementary information                                  current period            previous period


              1. Adjustment of net profit to cash flow of
                    operating activities:
                   Net profit                                          4,246,862,395.30           4,068,944,547.97
                   Add: Credit impairment provision                     379,187,881.58             324,105,898.50
                        Asset impairment loss                            -24,411,022.08             22,109,209.59
                   Depreciation of fixed assets, oil and gas assets,
                     productive biological assets                       394,813,226.53             401,838,407.85
                   Amortization of right-of-use assets                   62,989,520.33              68,852,039.23
                   Amortization of intangible assets                    285,355,505.70             232,379,856.37
                   Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses            20,797,950.61              33,009,034.53
                   Loss from disposal of fixed assets, intangible
                     assets and other long-term assets (income
                     as sign “-”)                                        -79,370,923.60             -42,198,751.70
                   Loss from scrap of fixed assets (income as sign
                     “-”)                                                   245,937.48                  66,295.83
                   Loss from fair value change (income as sign “-”)                  –                           –
                   Financial costs (income as sign “-”)                 260,944,195.37              -48,842,490.30
                   Investment loss (income as sign “-”)                 -119,537,569.84            -128,583,023.70




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         541
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXIII) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)

                   1.      Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)

                                                                                   Amount for the       Amount for the
                           Supplementary information                                current period     previous period


                               Decrease in deferred income tax assets
                                 (increase as sign “-”)                             -78,963,638.09      -54,537,459.09
                               Increase in deferred income tax liabilities
                                 (decrease as sign “-”)                             10,147,119.38        -9,217,204.89
                               Decrease in inventories (increase as sign “-”)      101,654,840.97      -247,541,377.61
                               Decrease in operating receivables (increase as
                                 sign “-”)                                         -187,919,225.86   -1,511,957,237.47
                               Increase in operating payables (decrease as
                                 sign “-”)                                       -6,605,968,360.64    2,118,314,919.17
                               Depreciation of investment properties                17,853,852.27       18,987,064.95
                               Decrease in special reserves                         52,896,914.24       53,618,554.88
                               Others                                               -31,685,202.83      -63,219,553.80
                               Net cash flows generated from operating
                                 activities                                      -1,294,106,603.18    5,236,128,730.31


                           2. Significant cash-free fund-raising activities
                               Conversion of debt into capital                                  –                    –
                               Convertible corporate bonds due within one year                  –                    –
                               Fixed assets acquired under financing leases                     –                    –


                           3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents:
                               Ending Balance of Cash                            15,162,434,014.59   16,405,869,676.39
                               Less: opening balance of cash                     16,405,869,676.39   16,020,112,696.12
                               Add: closing balance of cash equivalents                         –                    –
                               Less: opening balance of cash equivalents                        –                    –
                               Net increase in cash and cash equivalents         -1,243,435,661.80     385,756,980.27




542      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                       RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXIII) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)

        2.    Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries during the period

                     Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


        3.    Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries during the period

                     Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


        4.    Composition of cash and cash equivalents

               ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                    Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


              Item                                                    Closing balance            Opening balance


              I.   Cash                                              15,162,434,014.59      16,405,869,676.39
                   Including: Cash on hand                                 257,618.18                 278,854.20
                             Digital currency available for
                               immediate payment                                    –                           –
                             Bank deposits available for payment      9,238,766,580.20      10,849,210,691.15
                             Other monetary funds available for
                               payment                                              –                3,265,001.29
                             Funds deposited with the central bank
                               that are available for payment                       –                           –
                             Deposit from other banks                 5,923,409,816.21           5,553,115,129.75
                             Loans to other banks                                   –                           –
              II. Cash equivalents                                                  –                           –
                   Of which: Bond investments maturing within
                     three months                                                   –                           –
              III. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents      15,162,434,014.59      16,405,869,676.39
                   Including: Cash and cash equivalents
                     with restrictions on use by the parent or
                     subsidiaries within the Group                                  –                           –




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         543
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXIII) Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)

                   5.      Cash and cash equivalents with restrictions on use

                                 Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


                   6.      Monetary funds not deemed as cash and cash equivalents

                                 Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation:


                                 Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


            (LXXXIV) Notes to items in statement of changes in owner’ s equity

                    Explanation of the name of “Others” item that adjusted the closing balance at the end of last year and the
                    amount of adjustment, etc.:


                         Applicable    ✓      Not Applicable




544      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                          RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXV) Foreign currency monetary items

        1.    Foreign currency monetary items

               ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                            Unit:


                                                         Closing balance of                      Period-end RMB
              Item                                         foreign currency   Exchange rate    equivalent Balance


              Monetary funds                                             –                –       341,531,032.47
              Of which: USD                                   41,308,251.77         7.0288        290,347,440.04
                        Euro                                      83,138.01         8.2355            684,683.08
                        HK Dollar                              4,374,478.91         0.9032          3,951,116.84
                        IDR                                1,115,351,910.00         0.0004            446,140.76
                        Indian Rupee                            174,091.51          0.0775             13,490.35
                        Others                             7,979,947,787.04               /        46,088,161.40
              Accounts receivable                                        –                –       115,936,538.21
              Of which: USD                                    9,018,123.83         7.0288         63,386,588.78
                        Others                              219,861,866.52                /        52,549,949.43
              Accounts payable                                           –                –       393,994,140.07
              Of which: USD                                   41,486,705.65         7.0288        291,601,756.69
                        Euro                                   5,085,255.49         8.2355         41,879,621.59
                        HK Dollar                                  8,729.85         0.9032              7,884.98
                        Others                              269,786,826.23                /        60,504,876.81



        2.    Notes on the overseas operating entities, including, for significant overseas
              operating entities, the necessary disclosure of main overseas operating
              places, functional currency and selection basis, as well as reasons for
              changes of the functional currency

                     Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        545
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXVI) Leases

                   1.      As a lessee

                            ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                          Amount for the              Amount for the
                           Item                                                            current period            previous period


                           Interest expense on lease liabilities                             5,215,521.20              5,339,159.41
                           Short-term lease expense under simplified
                              approach included in the cost of the relevant
                              asset or the current profit or loss                         113,295,086.84             104,453,145.29
                           Lease expense of low-value assets (except short
                              term lease expense of low-value assets) under
                              simplified approach included in the cost of the
                              relevant asset or the current profit or loss                     983,100.40                          –
                           Total cash outflow related to leases                           189,338,090.91             170,345,123.36



                           The Company’s potential future cash outflows that are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
                           are primarily derived from leases that are committed but have not yet commenced.


                           The Company’s expected future cash outflows relating to leases that are committed but have not yet
                           commenced are as follows:


                                                                                                                      Undiscounted
                           Remaining lease term                                                                      lease payments


                           Within 1 year                                                                               2,527,576.79
                           1 to 2 years                                                                                1,100,000.00
                           2 to 3 years                                                                                1,100,000.00
                           Over 3 years                                                                                2,266,000.00


                           Total                                                                                       6,993,576.79




546      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                                                                                RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXVI) Leases (Continued)

        1.    As a lessee (Continued)

               Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities


                       Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


               Lease payments for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets accounted for using the simplified
               approach


                       Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


               Sale and leaseback transactions and basis for judgment


                       Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


        2.    As lessor

              Operating lease

                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                            Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                      Including: Income
                                                                                                      related to variable
                                                                                                         lease payment
                                                                                                   that are not included
               Item                                                            Lease income              in lease receipt


               Operating lease income                                          67,249,768.26                           –


               Total                                                           67,249,768.26                           –




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        547
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (CONTINUED)
            (LXXXVI) Leases (Continued)

                   2.      As lessor (Continued)

                           The undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:


                                                                                         Amount for the             Amount for the
                           Remaining lease term                                           current period           previous period


                           Within 1 year                                                    6,668,800.18                 3,964,604.77
                           1 to 2 years                                                     6,920,241.78                 2,808,999.35
                           2 to 3 years                                                     6,815,474.45                 2,808,999.35
                           Over 3 years                                                   20,006,400.54                  8,426,998.05


                           Total                                                          40,410,916.95             18,009,601.52



                           Finance lease as lessor


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Reconciliation of Undiscounted Lease Receivables to Net Investment in Leases


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Undiscounted lease receipts over next five years


                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                   3.      Recognition of profits and losses on sales under finance leases as a manufacturer
                           or distributor

                                   Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                           Not applicable.




548      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




VII. NOTES TO ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)
   (LXXXVII) Data Resources

                  Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


   (LXXXVIII) Others

                  Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


VIII. R&D EXPENDITURE
   (I)    Breakdown by nature of expense

           ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                      Amount for the              Amount for the
          Item                                                         current period            previous period


          Labor expenses                                             1,369,658,793.84           1,214,674,718.71
          Materials expenses                                          129,107,832.82             163,170,131.98
          Testing and processing expenses                             186,847,335.81             147,755,406.63
          Depreciation and amortization expenses                      225,254,634.17             180,271,132.75
          Administrative expenses                                      17,172,215.98              24,231,909.55
          Travel costs                                                 62,181,680.98              43,680,663.72
          Others                                                      252,159,121.77             264,403,605.03


          Total                                                      2,242,381,615.37           2,038,187,568.37


          Including: Expensed research and development expenditure   2,005,663,654.64           1,912,373,179.29
          Capitalized research and development expenditure            236,717,960.73             125,814,389.08




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         549
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      VIII. R&D EXPENDITURE (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Development expenditures for R&D projects meeting capitalization criteria

                                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                     ✓      Applicable               Not Applicable


                                                                           Increase during the period        Decrease during the period
                                                                             Internally                      Recognised         Transferred
                                                                            developed                       as intangible         to current
                    Item                             Opening Balance     expenditures              Others         assets       profit or loss   Closing Balance


                    Development expenditure            154,044,752.34   236,717,960.73                  –   83,259,779.80                  –     307,502,933.27


                    Less： Provision for impairment                 –                 –                  –              –                   –                 –
                    Total                              154,044,752.34   236,717,960.73                  –   83,259,779.80                  –     307,502,933.27



                    Significant capitalized research and development projects


                            Applicable         ✓     Not Applicable


                    Provision for impairment of research and development expenditure


                            Applicable         ✓     Not Applicable


                    Other explanation


                    Not Applicable.


            (III)   Significant acquired projects under development

                            Applicable         ✓     Not Applicable




550      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                                          RMB




IX. CHANGES ON SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION
   (I)     Business combination of entities not under common control

                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


   (II)    Business combinations under common control Business combination of entities not
           under common control

                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


   (III)   Reverse acquisition

                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


   (IV)    Disposal of subsidiaries

           Any transactions or events that result in the loss of control over a subsidiary in this period


                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


           Other explanation:


                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


           Any disposal of investments in subsidiaries through multiple transactions and losing control over the subsidiary
           in the reporting period


                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


           Other explanation:


                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   551
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      IX. CHANGES ON SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION
            (V)     Changes in consolidation scope due to other reasons

                    Explanation of changes in scope of consolidation due to other reasons and other information (e.g. establishment
                    of new subsidiaries, liquidation of subsidiaries, etc.):


                     ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                    1.     In November 2025, the Company jointly established a subsidiary, CRSC Suzhou, with Suzhou Rail Transit
                           Group Co., Ltd., with a registered capital of RMB40.00 million. The Company holds a 51.00% equity
                           interest.


                    2.     In May 2025, the Company’s subsidiary Electrification Bureau, together with CRSC (Ordos) Electrification
                           Engineering Co., Ltd. and Ordos Runda Railway Transportation Service Co., Ltd., jointly invested in
                           the establishment of Ordos Guotongda Railway Transportation Co., Ltd., with a registered capital
                           of RMB209.10 million. Electrification Bureau holds a 45.90% equity interest and Tonghao (Ordos)
                           Electrification Engineering Co., Ltd. (通 號（鄂 爾 多 斯 市）電 氣 化 工 程 有 限 公 司) holds a 44.10% equity
                           interest.


                    3.     In June 2025, the Company’s subsidiary CRSC Low-altitude Intelligence, in collaboration with Purple
                           Mountain Laboratory, Nanjing Metro Group Co., Ltd., Nanjing Zidong Youxin Technology Investment
                           Partnership (Limited Partnership), and Nanjing Purple Mountain Science & Technology Industrial
                           Development Group Co., Ltd., jointly invested in the establishment of CRSC Purple Mountain
                           Communication Technology (Nanjing) Co., Ltd., with a registered capital of RMB87.97 million. CRSC
                           Low-altitude Intelligence holds a 50.02% equity interest.


                    4.     In October 2025, the Company’s subsidiary Communication Group, together with Jincheng State-
                           owned Capital Investment and Operation Co., Ltd., jointly invested in the establishment of CRSC Jintou
                           Intelligent Technology (Shanxi) Co., Ltd., with a registered capital of RMB50.00 million. Communication
                           Group holds a 60.00% equity interest.


                    5.     In October 2025, the Company’s subsidiary Electrification Bureau acquired a 51.00% equity interest in
                           Jincheng Guotou Railway Operation and Maintenance Co., Ltd. at zero consideration. The registered
                           capital of Jincheng Guotou Railway Operation and Maintenance Co., Ltd. is RMB50.00 million, and it has
                           not commenced operations yet.


                    6.     In November 2025, the Company’s subsidiary CRTC, together with Guangzhou Metro Design &
                           Research Institute Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Baiyun Jianke Holding Group Co., Ltd., jointly invested in
                           the establishment of CRSC (Guangzhou) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. with a registered capital of
                           RMB10.00 million, in which CRTC holds a 51.00% equity interest.


            (VI)    Others

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




552      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                         RMB




X.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES
     (I)   Interests in Subsidiaries

           1.   Composition of the Group

                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan         Currency: RMB


                 ✓        Applicable                 Not Applicable


                                                                                                                            Shareholding percentage
                                                                                                                                of the Group (%)
                                              Places of
                                              principal                           Place of
                Subsidiaries Name             activities       Registered capital registration   Nature of business            Direct        Indirect Acquisition Method


                Innovation Investment         Beijing, China    RMB5,000 million Beijing         Investment Management            100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                CRSC Xi’an Industry Group     Xi’an, China      RMB2,149 million Xi’an           Equipment                        100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                   manufacturing                                        investment
                CRSCD                         Beijing, China    RMB2,010 million Beijing         Design and integration           100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                Shanghai Engineering Bureau   Shanghai,         RMB1,500 million Shanghai        System Delivery                  100                 Incorporation through
                                                China                                              Services and Design                                  investment
                                                                                                   Integration
                CRSC Changsha Railway         Changsha,         RMB1,229 million Changsha        System implementation            100                 Incorporation through
                                                China                                                                                                   investment
                CRSC Construction             Changsha,         RMB1,100 million Changsha        Construction contracting         100                 Incorporation through
                                                China                                                                                                   investment
                CRSCE                         Beijing, China    RMB1,095 million Beijing         System implementation            100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                CRSC International Holdings   Beijing, China      RMB810 million Beijing         Design and integration           100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                CRSC Cables                   Zhengzhou,          RMB348 million Zhengzhou       Equipment                        100                 Incorporation through
                                                China                                              manufacturing                                        investment
                CRSCC                         Beijing, China      RMB318 million Beijing         Design and integration           100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                Urban Rail Transit            Beijing, China      RMB100 million Beijing         Design and integration           100                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                        investment
                Beijing Materials             Beijing, China       RMB35 million Beijing         Wholesale Trade                  100                 Business combinations
                                                                                                                                                        under common
                                                                                                                                                        controlBusiness
                                                                                                                                                        combination of
                                                                                                                                                        entities not under
                                                                                                                                                        common control
                CRSC Finance                  Beijing, China    RMB2,000 million Beijing         Financial Company                 95                 Incorporation through
                                                                                                    Services for                                        investment
                                                                                                    Enterprise Groups




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025                  553
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      X.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
              (I)     Interests in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                     1.      Composition of the Group (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                          Shareholding percentage
                                                                                                                                              of the Group (%)
                                                             Places of
                                                             principal                           Place of
                             Subsidiaries Name               activities       Registered capital registration   Nature of business           Direct        Indirect Acquisition Method


                             CRSC Huatai                     Jishou, China       RMB580 million Jishou          Project management,              90                    Incorporation through
                                                                                                                   operation and                                         investment
                                                                                                                   maintenance
                             CRSC Tengda                     Jishou, China       RMB450 million Jishou          Project management,              90                    Incorporation through
                                                                                                                   operation and                                         investment
                                                                                                                   maintenance
                             CRSC Jiangsu Smart              Taixing, China      RMB400 million Taixing         Design and integration           88                 2 Incorporation through
                                                                                                                                                                        investment
                             Electrification Bureau          Zhengzhou,          RMB500 million Zhengzhou       EPC and system delivery          65                   Business combination
                                                               China                                              services                                              of entities not under
                                                                                                                                                                        common control
                             CASCO                           Shanghai,           RMB600 million Shanghai        Design and integration           51                   Business combination
                                                               China                                                                                                    of entities not under
                                                                                                                                                                        common control
                             CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligent   Beijing, China      RMB300 million Beijing         Professional Technical          100                   Business combinations
                                                                                                                   Services                                             under common
                                                                                                                                                                        controlBusiness
                                                                                                                                                                        combination of
                                                                                                                                                                        entities not under
                                                                                                                                                                        common control
                             CRSC Suzhou                     Suzhou, China        RMB40 million Suzhou          Professional and                 51                   Incorporation through
                                                                                                                   Technical Services                                   investment




554        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




X.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
     (I)   Interests in Subsidiaries (Continued)

           1.   Composition of the Group (Continued)

                Other explanation:


                Note:    1.     All the companies above are limited liability companies.

                         2.     For changes on major subsidiaries for the year, please refer to Note “VII. Changes on scope of
                                consolidation”.

                         3.     The Articles of Association stipulate that CRSC CASCO is a Sino-foreign joint venture, with the
                                Board as its highest authority, and the proportion of voting rights is calculated according to
                                the proportion of seats on the Board. The Board of CRSC CASCO consists of seven members,
                                including four from CRSC.


           2.   Material non-wholly owned subsidiaries

                 ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                      Shareholding       Current profits
                                                      percentage of          and losses Current dividends      Ending balance
                                                    non-controlling      attributable to declared and paid        of interest of
                                                      shareholders      non-controlling to non-controlling     non-controlling
                Name of subsidiary                       Proportion       shareholders       shareholders        shareholders


                CASCO                                          49%       545,048,038.18     398,393,000.00    1,322,993,256.58



                Explanations for the inconsistency of shareholding percentage of non-controlling shareholders of
                subsidiaries with proportion of their voting rights:


                        Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                Other explanation:


                        Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025           555
556
                                                           X.         INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                      (I)       Interests in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                3.         Main financial information of significant non-wholly owned subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                   RMB

                                                                                             ✓       Applicable                    Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                 Closing balance                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                                                        Non-current                                 Current       Non-current                                      Current        Non-current                                 Current        Non-current
                                                           Name of subsidiary     Current assets             assets        Total assets            liabilities       liabilities     Total liabilities              assets             assets        Total assets            liabilities        liabilities      Total liabilities


                                                           CASCO                 6,652,288,718.01   1,465,885,549.70   8,118,174,267.71     5,341,744,193.96     63,513,988.80      5,405,258,182.76       6,056,259,180.08   1,482,989,245.72   7,539,248,425.80   5,084,444,778.06        46,176,124.26       5,130,620,902.32



                                                                                                                                             Amount for the current period                                                                            Amount for the previous period
China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                                                   Total                 Cash flows                                                                         Total                Cash flows
                                                                                                                                                                  comprehensive                 from operating                                                                 comprehensive                  from operating
                                                           Name of subsidiary                                          Revenue                    Net profit                  income                      activities               Revenue                  Net profit                     income                  activities


                                                           CASCO                                              6,136,931,868.65            1,113,812,210.25       1,113,834,661.86             1,009,398,925.78            5,456,118,320.16        1,016,348,911.54            1,016,323,082.60                954,269,678.66




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                             RMB




X.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
     (I)    Interests in Subsidiaries (Continued)

            4.    Major restrictions on the use of assets of the Group and repayment of debts of
                  the Group

                       Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


            5.    Financial or other support provided to structured entities included in the
                  consolidated financial statements

                       Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


                  Other explanation:


                       Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


     (II)   Transaction in which the share of shareholder’ s interests in the subsidiary changes
            while control over the subsidiary remaining unchanged

                 Applicable   ✓     Not Applicable




                                                                               Annual Report 2025   557
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      X.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
              (III)   Interests in the joint venture or associate

                       ✓   Applicable                     Not Applicable


                      1.     Joint ventures or associates

                              ✓        Applicable                      Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                Shareholding percentage of    Accounting method
                                                                                 Places of                                                            the Group (%)           for Investments in
                                                                                 principal     Place of                                                                       joint ventures or
                             Name of joint ventures or associates                activities    registration   Nature of business                     Direct       Indirect    associates


                             Joint ventures
                             Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.                Xi’an         Xi’an          Manufacturing of product                   –            50.00   Equity method
                             CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.      Beijing       Beijing        Technology development                     –            45.00   Equity method
                             Associates
                             CSCEC Foshan Joint Investment Co., Ltd.             Guangzhou     Guangzhou      Investment in Construction             11.00                –   Equity method
                                                                                                                Projects
                             Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.   Siping        Siping         Engineering contracting                20.00                –   Equity method
                             Guangdong Utrust Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.        Guangzhou     Guangzhou      Financial Leasing                      30.00                –   Equity method
                             CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                        Tianshui      Tianshui       Engineering contracting                35.63                –   Equity method
                             Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                      Xi’an         Xi’an          Manufacturing of product                   –            30.00   Equity method
                             Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology        Beijing       Beijing        Technology development                     –            20.00   Equity method
                               Co., Ltd.
                             Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.                     Anyang        Anyang         Engineering contracting                    –            44.00   Equity method
                             Zhuhai Huatong Private Equity Fund Management       Zhuhai        Zhuhai         Equity Investment Management               –            40.00   Equity method
                               Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
                             Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                             Tianshui      Tianshui       Engineering contracting                    –            36.00   Equity method
                             Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation         Hangzhou      Hangzhou       Technology development                     –            40.00   Equity method
                               Technology Co., Ltd.
                             China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.           Wenzhou       Wenzhou        Rail Transit Operations                    –            30.00   Equity method
                             CCUI (Shanghai) Digital Technologies Co., Ltd.      Shanghai      Shanghai       Data technology                            –            20.00   Equity method
                             Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development        Tianjin       Tianjin        Rail Transit Operations                    –            20.00   Equity method
                               Co., Ltd.
                             Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd               Shenzhen      Shenzhen       Software and Information                   –            49.00   Equity method
                                                                                                                Technology Services
                             Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.        Wuhan         Wuhan          Software and Information                   –            15.00   Equity method
                                                                                                                Technology Services
                             Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent Technology         Shijiazhuang Shijiazhuang Software and Information                      –            45.00   Equity method
                               Co., Ltd.                                                                        Technology Services
                             Jincheng City Northwest Railway Co., Ltd.           Jincheng      Jincheng       Railway transportation industry            –            36.50   Equity method
                             Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment Technology           Nanjing       Nanjing        Science and Technology                     –            10.00   Equity method
                               Co., Ltd.                                                                        Promotion and Application
                                                                                                                Services


558        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




X.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
     (III)   Interests in the joint venture or associate (Continued)

             1.   Joint ventures or associates (Continued)

                  Basis for holding less than 20% voting rights but having significant influence, or holding 20% or more
                  voting rights but not having significant influence:


                  (1)    On 14 April 2020, the Company’s subsidiary, CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligence (formerly known
                         as CRSC Smart City Research & Design Institute Co., Ltd.), and Aerospace Harmony Wisdom
                         (Beijing) Technologies Co., Ltd. jointly established CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co.,
                         Ltd. According to the company’s articles of association, Aerospace Harmony Wisdom (Beijing)
                         Technologies Co., Ltd. holds 55% of the shares, while CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligence holds 45%.
                         Voting rights are exercised in proportion to paid-in capital contributions, and shareholder meeting
                         resolutions require approval by shareholders representing more than two-thirds of the voting
                         rights. CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligence and Aerospace Harmony Wisdom (Beijing) Technologies
                         Co., Ltd. jointly control CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. In 2024, CRSC Low-
                         Altitude Intelligence transferred its shares in this company to the Company’s subsidiary, CRSC
                         Information Industry Co., Ltd.


                  (2)    Foshan CSCEC Transportation Joint Investment Co., Ltd. was jointly established by the Company,
                         CSCEC Transportation Construction Group Co., Ltd., China State Construction Engineering
                         Corporation (CSCEC), and Beijing E-Hualu Information Technology Co., Ltd. The Company
                         holds an 11% stake, CSCEC Transportation Construction Group Co., Ltd. holds 48%, CSCEC
                         holds 30%, and Beijing E-Hualu Information Technology Co., Ltd. holds 11%. The Company has
                         significant influence through its appointed directors; therefore, it accounts for Foshan CSCEC
                         Transportation Joint Investment Co., Ltd. as an associate.


                  (3)    On May 16, 2024, the Company’s subsidiary CASCO entered into a capital increase agreement
                         with Wuhan Metro Group Co., Ltd., Wuhan Ligong Guangke Co., Ltd., Wuhan Optic Valley
                         Fenghuo Integrated Circuit Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), Traffic Control
                         Technology Co., Ltd., and Wuhan Smart Metro Technology Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement,
                         CASCO invested an additional RMB41.7297 million, of which RMB10.7143 million was recorded
                         as paid-in capital, resulting in a post-investment ownership stake of 15%. Following the capital
                         increase, CASCO appointed one director and holds significant influence over Wuhan Smart Metro
                         Technology Co., Ltd.


                  (4)    On August 27, 2025, the Company’s subsidiary Urban Rail Transit Co., Ltd. jointly established
                         Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment Technology Co., Ltd. with Nanjing Rail Transit Industry
                         Development Co., Ltd. and Beijing Techs Technology Co., Ltd., with respective ownership
                         stakes of 10.00%, 60.00%, and 30.00%. As Urban Rail Transit Co., Ltd. exercises significant
                         influence through its appointed directors, Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment Technology Co., Ltd. is
                         accounted for as an associate.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         559
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      X.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
              (III)   Interests in the joint venture or associate (Continued)

                      2.     Main financial information of significant joint ventures

                                   Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                      3.     Main financial information of significant associates

                                   Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                      4.     Summary of financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates

                              ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                      Closing balance/      Opening balance/
                                                                                 Current period amount    Prior period amount


                             Joint ventures:
                             Total book value of investment                             143,069,504.19            143,770,099.03
                             Total amount of the following items calculated on
                               the basis of shareholding percentage
                               – Net profit                                              19,299,405.16             18,223,389.76
                               – Other comprehensive income                                                                     –
                               – Total comprehensive income                              19,299,405.16             18,223,389.76
                             Associates:
                             Total book value of investment                           2,038,594,980.08           1,662,931,716.88
                             Total amount of the following items calculated on
                               the basis of shareholding percentage
                               – Net profit                                              87,654,914.30             97,406,880.15
                               – Other comprehensive income                                                                     –
                               – Total comprehensive income                              87,654,914.30             97,406,880.15



                             Other explanation


                             Not applicable.




560        China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




X.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
     (III)   Interests in the joint venture or associate (Continued)

             5.     Explanation for the significant restrictions on the ability of joint ventures or
                    associates to transfer funds to the Company

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


             6.     Excessive loss incurred by joint ventures or associates

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


             7.     Unrecognised commitments related to investments in joint ventures

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


             8.     Contingent liabilities related to investments in joint ventures or associates

                          Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


     (IV)    Significant joint operation

                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


     (V)     Interests in structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial
             statements

             Explanation of structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial statements


                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable


     (VI)    Others

                   Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    561
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XI. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
            (I)     Government subsidies recognised as accounts receivable at the end of the reporting
                    period

                            Applicable          ✓     Not Applicable


                    The reasons for not receiving the expected amount of government subsidies at the anticipated time


                            Applicable          ✓     Not Applicable


            (II)    Debt items involving government subsidies

                     ✓      Applicable                Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                     Newly added      Decrease for    Transferred to
                                                                      government      the period in    other income Other changes
                                                         Opening     grants during   non-operating       during the     during the          Closing      Related to
                    Financial statement items             balance       the period         income            period        period           balance      assets/income


                    Deferred income                  60,965,519.87    7,220,000.00    1,806,969.72       257,382.55              –     66,121,167.60     Asset-related
                    Deferred income                  59,169,953.06 192,307,999.81                – 113,973,274.14                – 137,504,678.73        Income-related


                    Total                           120,135,472.93 199,527,999.81     1,806,969.72 114,230,656.69                – 203,625,846.33        /



            (III)   Government subsidies included in current profit and loss

                     ✓      Applicable                Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                               Amount for the                     Amount for the
                    Type                                                                                        current period                    previous period


                    Asset-related                                                                                  2,064,352.27                        2,104,364.81
                    Income-related                                                                              374,611,770.35                    387,801,109.11


                    Total                                                                                       376,676,122.62                    389,905,473.92




562      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                      RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (I)   Category of financial instruments

          ✓      Applicable              Not Applicable

         Financial assets

                                                                                    Measured at fair value with changes
                                                                                 recognized in other comprehensive income
                                                                                         Accounting
                                                                 Measured at              standards
         Item                                                  amortized cost          requirements             Designated                Total


         Monetary funds                                     22,386,114,359.53                      –                     –    22,386,114,359.53
         Notes receivable                                    1,464,349,227.45                      –                     –     1,464,349,227.45
         Receivables for financing                                          –         795,707,159.42                     –       795,707,159.42
         Accounts receivable                                25,001,461,400.76                      –                     –    25,001,461,400.76
         Other receivables                                   1,527,850,387.21                      –                     –     1,527,850,387.21
         Debt investment                                       273,172,183.50                      –                     –       273,172,183.50
         Other equity instrument investments                                –                      –      1,397,735,606.02     1,397,735,606.02
         Long-term receivables                               7,988,247,006.24                      –                     –     7,988,247,006.24
         Financial assets included in other
           non-current assets                                5,055,689,108.47                      –                      –    5,055,689,108.47


         Total                                              63,696,883,673.16         795,707,159.42      1,397,735,606.02    65,890,326,438.60


         Financial liabilities

                                                                                                       Measured at fair
                                                                                                    value with changes
                                                                                  Measured at       recognized in other
         Item                                                                   amortized cost   comprehensive income                     Total


         Short-term borrowings                                                170,476,451.50                                     170,476,451.50
         Notes payable                                                      1,691,264,511.61                                   1,691,264,511.61
         Accounts payable                                                  39,220,108,544.27                                  39,220,108,544.27
         Other payables                                                     2,199,881,519.41                                   2,199,881,519.41
         Employee compensation payable (cash portion)                         770,638,841.26                                     770,638,841.26
         Proceeds from financial assets sold under repurchase
           agreements                                                          16,950,121.15                                      16,950,121.15
         Deposits received and interbank deposits                           1,035,278,439.21                                   1,035,278,439.21
         Long-term borrowings                                               7,515,803,923.00                                   7,515,803,923.00
         Financial liabilities included in non-current liabilities
           due within one year                                                  489,815,377.77                                  489,815,377.77
         Lease liabilities                                                       99,902,212.83                                   99,902,212.83
         Long-term payables                                                      47,316,374.84                                   47,316,374.84


         Total                                                             53,257,436,316.85                                  53,257,436,316.85



                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          563
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Hedging

                   1.      The Company engages in hedging activities for risk management purposes

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                   2.      The Company conducts eligible hedging activities and applies hedge
                           accounting

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                   3.      The Company conducts hedging activities for risk management purposes
                           and expects to achieve risk management objectives without applying hedge
                           accounting

                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable


                           Other explanation


                                 Applicable    ✓   Not Applicable




564      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (III)   Transfer of financial assets

           Transferred financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety

           As of 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills
           endorsed or discounted by the Company to suppliers for the settlement of accounts payable amounted to
           RMB37,545,226.24 and RMB232,962,468.33, respectively. (31 December 2024: bank acceptance bills of
           RMB46,601,066.75 and commercial acceptance bills of RMB374,393,736.36). The Company considers that
           it has retained substantially all the risks and rewards associated with these instruments, including the related
           default risk, and therefore continues to fully recognise them along with the settled accounts payable. After
           endorsement, the Company no longer retains the right to use these instruments, including the rights to sell,
           transfer, or pledge them to third parties. As of 31 December 2025, the total carrying amount of accounts payable
           settled through such instruments was RMB172,619,010.49 (as of 31 December 2024: RMB315,724,003.31).


           As at 31 December 2025, the Company had a balance of RMB464,849,903.52 in factoring of accounts
           receivable with recourse.


           Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety in which
           continuing involvement exists

           As of 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of bank acceptance bills endorsed by the Company to suppliers
           for the settlement of accounts payable and other credit instruments measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income were RMB715,094,331.33 and RMB368,470,627.82, respectively (31 December 2025:
           RMB351,839,468.29 and RMB24,857,868.22, respectively).


           As at 31 December 2025, the derecognized bills had a maturity of one to twelve months. In accordance with
           the Law of Negotiable Instruments, the holders of the derecognized bills have the right of recourse against
           the Company if the accepting banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). The Company considers that it
           has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards associated with these instruments, and accordingly
           has derecognized their carrying amounts and the related settled accounts payable. The maximum loss and
           undiscounted cash flows from continued involvement and repurchases equal their carrying value. In the opinion
           of the Company, the fair values of the Company’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not
           significant.


           In 2025, the Company did not recognise any profit or loss on the date of transfer of the derecognised bills. The
           Company had no current or accumulated gains or expenses related to continuing involvement of financial assets
           which had been derecognized. The endorsement happened evenly throughout the year.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        565
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (IV)    Financial Instrument Risks

                    The Company is faced with risks of various financial instruments in daily activities, which mainly include credit
                    risk, liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk). The
                    main financial instruments of the Company include monetary funds, equity investment, borrowings, receivables
                    for financing and accounts receivable, bills payable and accounts payable and others. he risks associated with
                    these financial instruments and the risk management strategies adopted by the Company to mitigate these risks
                    are described below.


                    The Board of Directors shall be responsible for planning and establishing the risk management framework of
                    the Company, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant guidelines, and supervising
                    the implementation of risk management measures. The Company has developed risk management policies to
                    identify and analyze risks faced by the Company. These risk management policies specify specific risks and
                    cover many aspects such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk management. The Company periodically
                    evaluates changes in the market environment and the Company’s business activities to determine whether to
                    update risk management policies and systems. The risk management of the Company shall be carried out by
                    the Risk Management Committee in accordance with the policies approved by the Board of Directors. The Risk
                    Management Committee works closely with other business units of the Company to identify, assess and mitigate
                    risks. The internal audit department of the Company conducts regular audits on risk management control and
                    procedures and reports the audit results to the Company’s Audit Committee. The internal audit department of
                    the Company conducts regular audits on risk management control and procedures and reports the audit results
                    to the Company’s Audit Committee.


                    The Company diversifies the risk of financial instruments through appropriate diversification of investments and
                    business portfolios, and reduces the risk of concentration in any single industry, specific region or specific
                    counterparty by formulating appropriate risk management policies.




566      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

          1.   Credit Risk

               Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party
               by failing to discharge an obligation.


               The Company only transacts with accredited and reputable third parties. In accordance with the
               Company’s policy, credit assessments are conducted on all customers requesting credit terms.
               Furthermore, the Company maintains continuous monitoring of accounts receivable balances to ensure it
               is not exposed to significant bad debt risks. For transactions not settled in the functional currency of the
               relevant operating unit, the Company does not provide credit terms unless specifically approved by its
               credit control department.


               As the counterparties for monetary funds and bank acceptance bills receivable are reputable banks with
               high credit ratings, these financial instruments carry low credit risk.


               The Company’s financial assets include monetary funds, receivables financing, accounts receivable,
               other receivables, debt investments, other equity instrument investments, long-term receivables, and
               financial assets within other non-current assets. The credit risk of these financial assets arises from
               counterparty default, with the maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.


               As the Company only transacts with approved and creditworthy third parties, no collateral is required.
               Credit risk concentration is managed by customer/counterparty, geographical region, and industry.
               Given the extensive diversification of the Company’s accounts receivable customer base across
               various sectors and industries, there is no significant concentration of credit risk within the Company.
               The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements for its accounts receivable
               balances.


               (1)    Criteria for determining significant increase in credit risk:

                      At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses whether the credit risk of relevant financial
                      instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. In determining whether there
                      has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Company considers
                      reasonably available information without undue cost or effort, including qualitative and
                      quantitative analyses based on the Company’s historical data, external credit risk ratings, and
                      forward-looking information. The Company assesses changes in the risk of default over the
                      expected life of financial instruments by comparing the risk of default on the reporting date
                      with that at initial recognition, based on individual financial instruments or portfolios of financial
                      instruments with similar credit risk characteristics.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025          567
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (IV)    Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

                   1.      Credit Risk (Continued)

                           (1)    Criteria for determining significant increase in credit risk: (Continued)

                                  The Company considers that the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                                  when one or more of the following quantitative, qualitative criteria or upper limit indicators are
                                  triggered:


                                  •          Quantitative criteria primarily involve a certain percentage increase in the probability of
                                             default over the remaining lifetime as of the reporting date compared to initial recognition;


                                  •          Qualitative criteria mainly include significant adverse changes in the operational or
                                             financial conditions of the obligor, early warning customer lists, etc.;


                                  •          The upper limit indicator is when the obligor’s contractual payments (including principal
                                             and interest) are overdue by more than 30 days.


                           (2)    Definition of Credit-Impaired Assets:

                                  To determine whether credit impairment has occurred, the criteria adopted by the Company
                                  are consistent with its internal credit risk management objectives for the relevant financial
                                  instruments, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative indicators. When assessing
                                  whether a debtor has incurred credit impairment, the Company primarily considers the following
                                  factors:


                                  •          The issuer or debtor is experiencing significant financial difficulties;


                                  •          The debtor has breached the contract, such as defaulting or delaying payments of
                                             interest or principal;


                                  •          The creditor grants concessions to the debtor due to economic or contractual
                                             considerations related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, which would not otherwise be
                                             made under any other circumstances;


                                  •          The debtor is likely to go bankrupt or undergo other financial restructuring;


                                  •          The active market for the financial asset disappears due to financial difficulties of the issuer
                                             or debtor;


                                  •          The purchase or origination of a financial asset at a significant discount that reflects the
                                             occurrence of credit losses.


                                  Credit impairment of a financial asset may result from the combined effect of multiple events and
                                  does not necessarily arise from individually identifiable events.



568      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                                                                            RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

          1.   Credit Risk (Continued)

               (3)   Parameters for measuring expected credit losses:

                     Based on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and whether credit
                     impairment has occurred, the Company measures impairment provisions using either 12-month
                     or lifetime expected credit losses for different assets. The key parameters for measuring
                     expected credit losses include probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default.
                     The Company establishes models for probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at
                     default by considering quantitative analysis of historical statistical data (such as counterparty
                     ratings, types of guarantees, categories of collateral, and repayment methods) as well as
                     forward-looking information.


                     The relevant definitions are as follows:


                     •       Probability of default (PD) refers to the likelihood that a debtor will fail to fulfill its
                             repayment obligations within the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime.
                             The Company’s PD is adjusted based on historical migration rates of receivables,
                             incorporating forward-looking information to reflect the debtor’s default probability under
                             the current macroeconomic environment.


                     •       Loss Given Default (LGD) represents the Company’s expectation of the extent of loss
                             incurred on exposure at default. LGD varies depending on the type of counterparty,
                             recourse methods, seniority, and collateral. LGD is calculated as the percentage of loss
                             on exposure at default, measured over the next 12 months or the remaining lifetime.


                     •       Exposure at default refers to the amount that the Company is entitled to be repaid upon
                             the occurrence of a default within the next 12 months or over the remaining life of the
                             financial instrument.


                     The assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the calculation of expected credit
                     losses both involve forward-looking information. The Company identifies key economic indicators
                     that affect credit risk and expected credit losses for each business type through historical data
                     analysis.


                     Quantitative data on the Company’s credit risk exposure arising from accounts receivable,
                     financing receivables, other receivables, contract assets, non-current assets due within one
                     year, debt investments, long-term receivables, and other non-current assets are disclosed in the
                     notes”VII. (V)”, “VII. (VII)”, “VII. (IX)”, “VII. (VI)”, “VII. (XII)”, “VII. (XIV)”, “VII. (XVI)”, and “VII. (XXX)”.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025             569
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (IV)    Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

                   2.      Liquidity Risk

                           The Company employs revolving liquidity planning tools to manage funding shortfall risks. These tools
                           take into account both the maturity dates of financial instruments and the projected cash flows generated
                           from the Company’s operations.


                           The Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between funding continuity and flexibility by utilizing
                           a combination of financing methods, including bill settlements and bank borrowings, while appropriately
                           integrating long-term and short-term financing approaches to optimize the capital structure. The
                           Company has secured credit facilities from multiple commercial banks to meet working capital
                           requirements and capital expenditures.


                           Management of the Company monitors the liquidity position of the Company on an ongoing basis to
                           ensure the availability of sufficient liquid funds to meet all obligations as they fall due and to make the
                           most efficient use of the Company’s financial resources.


                           The following table presents an analysis of the maturity of the Group’s financial liabilities based on
                           undiscounted contractual cash flows:


                           31 December 2025


                           Item                                   Within 1 year     1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years       2 to 5 years               Total


                           Short-term borrowings                170,476,451.50                –                  –                  –      170,476,451.50
                           Bills payable                       1,691,264,511.61               –                  –                  –     1,691,264,511.61
                           Accounts payable                   39,220,108,544.27               –                  –                  –    39,220,108,544.27
                           Other payables                      2,199,881,519.41               –                  –                  –     2,199,881,519.41
                           Financial assets sold for
                             repurchase                          16,950,121.15                –                  –                  –       16,950,121.15
                           Customers deposits and
                             deposits from banks and
                             other financial institutions      1,035,278,439.21               –                  –                  –     1,035,278,439.21
                           Lease liabilities (including
                             current portion)                    49,473,698.53     64,372,567.84     33,110,919.31      16,141,045.43      163,098,231.11
                           Long-term borrowings
                             (including those due within
                             one year)                          386,067,362.07    193,363,871.94   4,775,293,334.17   2,547,146,716.89    7,901,871,285.07
                           Interest on short-term and long-
                             term borrowings                    243,109,292.40    239,980,954.72    580,490,785.49     177,172,379.62     1,240,753,412.23
                           Long-term payables (including
                             portion due within one year)        55,414,735.54     47,316,374.84                 –                  –      102,731,110.38




570      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                  RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

          2.   Liquidity Risk

               31 December 2024


               Item                                    Within 1 year      1 to 2 years      2 to 5 years        2 to 5 years               Total


               Short-term borrowings                143,465,431.83                  –                 –                   –      143,465,431.83
               Bills payable                       1,775,609,143.61                 –                 –                   –     1,775,609,143.61
               Accounts payable                   42,735,743,855.81                 –                 –                   –    42,735,743,855.81
               Other payables                      1,961,827,723.66                 –                 –                   –     1,961,827,723.66
               Customers deposits and
                 deposits from banks and
                 other financial institutions      3,001,258,120.80                 –                 –                   –     3,001,258,120.80
               Lease liabilities (including
                 current portion)                    30,751,306.86      39,359,784.16     39,892,660.08      19,633,879.35       129,637,630.45
               Long-term borrowings
                 (including current portion)        115,086,072.85     111,500,000.00    333,000,000.00    2,889,470,469.20     3,449,056,542.05
               Interest on short-term and long-
                 term borrowings                    135,222,090.42     133,298,620.25    367,942,633.23     284,411,004.61       920,874,348.51
               Long-term payables (including
                 amounts due within one year)        38,756,176.27      45,383,366.45                 –                   –       84,139,542.72



          3.   Market risk

               (1)        Interest rate risk

                          The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the
                          Company’s borrowings and bank current deposit in large amount with floating interest rates.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025               571
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (IV)    Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

                   3.      Market risk (Continued)

                           (1)    Interest rate risk (Continued)

                                  The Company regularly reviews and monitors the mix of fixed and floating interest rate in order
                                  to manage its interest rate risk. Borrowings and monetary funds are stated at amortized cost and
                                  are not revalued on a periodic basis. Floating rate interest income and expenses are credited/
                                  charged to the profit or loss as earned/incurred.


                                  As at 31 December 2025, 44.98% of the Company’s borrowings bore floating interest rates while
                                  55.02% bore fixed interest rates. Management would adjust the floating rate assets based on
                                  changes in the market interest rates to reduce the significant impact arising from interest rate
                                  risk.


                                  Assuming a uniform 1 percentage point increase/decrease in floating interest rates with all
                                  other variables held constant, the consolidated net profit and other comprehensive income
                                  (net of tax) for 2025 would decrease/increase by approximately RMB26,761,624.40 (2024:
                                  RMB24,216,899.69), with no impact on other components of the Company’s consolidated equity
                                  except retained earnings. The sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that interest rate
                                  changes occurred on 31 December 2025 and applied to financial instruments existing on that
                                  date. The estimated 1% of increase or decrease represents management’s assessment of a
                                  reasonably possible change in interest rates over the period from the year until the date of
                                  balance sheet of the next year.


                                  If the overall interest rate on floating-rate bank demand deposits were to increase/decrease by
                                  0.1 percentage points while all other variables remain unchanged, the consolidated net profit
                                  and the net amount of other comprehensive income after tax for the year 2025 would increase/
                                  decrease by approximately RMB11,727,743.00 (2024: RMB12,650,803.25), respectively, with
                                  no impact on other components of the Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity except for
                                  retained earnings. The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change
                                  in interest rates had occurred as at 31 December 2025 and the exposure to interest rate risk has
                                  been applied to those financial instruments in existence at that date. The estimated increase
                                  or decrease of 0.1 percentage points represents management’s assessment of a reasonably
                                  possible change in interest rates over the period from the year until the date of balance sheet of
                                  the next year.




572      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                  RMB




XII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Financial Instrument Risks (Continued)

          3.   Market risk (Continued)

               (2)   Foreign exchange risk

                     As a result of its significant business operations in Mainland China, the Company’s revenue,
                     expenses and over 95% of the financial assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. The effect
                     of the fluctuations in the exchange rates of RMB against foreign currencies on the Company’s
                     results of operations is therefore minimal and the Company has not entered into any hedging
                     transactions as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 in order to reduce the Company’s
                     exposure to foreign currency risk in this regard.


                     The following table demonstrates the sensitivity analysis on the foreign currency risk, reflecting
                     the influence of reasonable possible change in the exchange rates of the United States dollar
                     and Hong Kong dollar, with all other variables held constant, on the Company’s net profit net of
                     tax.


                                                           USD exchange rate     Net profit or loss           Total Equity
                     Item                                 Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease)


                     Depreciation of RMB against
                       United States dollar                              5%           2,488,377.59            2,488,377.59
                     Appreciation of RMB against
                       United States dollar                              -5%         -2,488,377.59           -2,488,377.59


                                                                                                       Total Shareholders’
                                                          HKD Exchange Rate      Net profit or loss       Equity Increase/
                     Item                                 Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease)              (Decrease)


                     Depreciation of RMB against Hong
                       Kong Dollar                                       5%            160,677.65              160,677.65
                     Appreciation of RMB against Hong
                       Kong Dollar                                       -5%           -160,677.65             -160,677.65


                     The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in foreign
                     exchange rates had occurred as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 and the exposure
                     to foreign currency risk has been applied to those monetary assets and liabilities in existence at
                     that date. The estimated percentage increase or decrease represents management’s assessment
                     of a reasonable possible change in foreign exchange rates over the period from the year until the
                     date of balance sheet of the next year.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025           573
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIII. DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
            The inputs used for fair value measurement are classified into three levels:


            Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are available on the
            measurement date.


            Level 2 inputs are observable inputs for the relevant asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, other than Level 1
            inputs.


            Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the relevant asset or liability.


            The level assigned to a fair value measurement is determined by the lowest level of input that is significant to the overall
            fair value measurement.


            (I)       Closing fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                       ✓     Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Fair value at end of the period

                                                                     Level-1              Level-2           Level-3
                                                                   fair value         fair value          fair value
                      Item                                    measurement         measurement         measurement                   Total


                      I.   Continuous measurement of
                             fair value
                           Receivables for financing                        –    795,707,159.42                     –     795,707,159.42
                           Other equity instrument
                             investments                                    –                   –   1,397,735,606.02     1,397,735,606.02



                      1.      Level 2 fair value measurement

                               The Group adopts the present value of cash flows method to determine the fair value of financing
                               receivables, and the fair value approximates the book value.


                      2.      Level 3 fair value measurement

                               The other equity instrument investments measured at Level 3 fair value represent the Company’s
                               holdings in unlisted companies. The Company engaged valuation specialists to assess the fair value of
                               these unlisted equity interests, determining the fair value of other equity instrument investments to be
                               RMB1,397,735,606.02.




574      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                 RMB




XIII. DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   (II)     Basis for determining the market value of continuous and non-continuous Level-1
            fair value measurement items

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (III)    Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and important
            parameters used in continuous and non-continuous Level-2 fair value measurement
            items

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (IV)     Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and important
            parameters used in continuous and non-continuous Level-3 fair value measurement
            items

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (V)      Information on adjustment between opening and closing book values and sensitivity
            analysis of unobservable parameters for continuous Level-3 fair value measurement
            items

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (VI)     Reason for conversion for transfer between levels during the current period for
            continuous fair value measurement items, and policies for determination of time
            point of the conversion

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (VII)    Changes in valuation techniques during the current period and reason for such
            change

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (VIII)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


   (IX)     Others

                Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   575
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (I)     Parent of the Company

                     ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                                         Shareholding      Percentage of
                                                                                                         percentage of     voting right of
                                                                                                          the parent to     the parent to
                    Name of immediate         Place of                                     Registered    the Company        the Company
                    holding company           registration     Nature of business              capital             (%)                (%)


                    CRSC Group                Beijing, China   Wholly state-owned        1,000,000.00            62.78              62.78
                                                                company; central
                                                                enterprise


                    The ultimate controlling party of the Company is CRSC Group., and the principal place of business of CRSC
                    Group is 20th Floor, Building A, CRSC Building, 1 Compound, Automobile Museum South Road, Fengtai District,
                    Beijing, the PRC.


            (II)    Subsidiaries of the Company

                    Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in the notes


                          Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


            (III)   Details of the joint ventures and associates of the Company

                    For details of the Company’s significant joint ventures or associates, please refer to the notes


                          Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                    Information of other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company in the
                    current period or had formed balances from related party transactions with the Company in the previous period is
                    as follows:


                          Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                    Other explanation


                          Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




576      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                       RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Other related parties

           ✓     Applicable             Not Applicable


                                                         Relationship between the
          Name of Other Related Party                    Other Related Party and the Enterprise


          ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited         Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                 Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                   Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport India Limited                 Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                     Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Hong Kong Ltd                           Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                          Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport Systems (Thailand) Ltd        Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport S. A.                         Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport SA (Romania)                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence            Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne               Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM Transport Spain Limited                 Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          ALSTOM ISRAEL LTD                              Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          Signalling Brasil AGUA BRANCA                  Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          GE (Shanghai) Electric Power Technology        Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
            Co., Ltd.
          Shanghai ALSTOM Transportation Electric        Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
            Co., Ltd.
          Shanghai Alstom Transportation Equipment       Related party of a minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
            Co., Ltd.
          Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.         Minority shareholder having material influence on subsidiary of the Group
          Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.          Associate of the subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication              Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
            Technology Service Co., Ltd.
          CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.              Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.             Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                     Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.    Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic     Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
            Equipment Co., Ltd.
          Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.   Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          Beijing Railways Signal & Communication        Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
            Complete Equipment Company Ltd.
          Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.     Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.               Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          CRSC Venture Capital Fund Management           Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
            (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
          China Urban Rail Transit Equipment Co., Ltd.   Subsidiary under control of the ultimate holding company
          Tianjin Keyvia Electric Co., Ltd.              Associate of the Parent




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025              577
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions

                   1.      Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
                           receiving services

                           Statement on procurement of goods/receipt of services


                            ✓       Applicable                    Not Applicable


                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                       Exceed the
                                                                           Contents of                             Approved limit      transaction
                                                                           related party          Amount for the   of transaction      limit or not   Amount for the
                           Related parties                                 transactions           current period    (if applicable) (if applicable)   previous period


                           Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd           Procurement of goods   157,008,131.90                 –              No      24,484,852.56
                           Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic      Procurement of goods    49,911,645.71                 –              No      40,516,675.33
                             Equipment Co., Ltd.
                           Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.           Procurement of goods    29,701,683.47                 –              No      19,677,812.39
                           ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                  Procurement of goods    24,151,720.92                 –              No      23,083,260.29
                           Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology                Procurement of goods    16,678,643.20                 –              No      73,544,317.74
                             Development Co., Ltd.
                           Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                  Procurement of goods    16,561,594.55                 –              No      27,493,499.99
                           Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.          Procurement of goods     9,434,127.70                 –              No                  –
                           Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing               Procurement of goods     9,199,741.35                 –              No       8,248,038.92
                             Technology Co., Ltd.
                           Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.    Procurement of goods     7,989,829.69                 –              No                  –
                           Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication               Procurement of goods     5,728,111.06                 –              No                  –
                             Technology Service Co., Ltd.
                           ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                Procurement of goods     4,920,655.65                 –              No      13,700,489.31
                           ALSTOM Transport Systems (Thailand) Ltd.        Procurement of goods     4,807,169.05                 –              No       9,670,846.00
                           Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation     Procurement of goods     2,741,337.80                 –              No
                             Technology Co., Ltd.
                           Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.     Procurement of goods     1,381,441.95                 –              No         678,331.11
                           CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Procurement of goods         90,388.65                 –              No                  –
                           ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                           Procurement of goods               –                  –              No      26,284,046.38
                           Tianjin Keyvia Electric Co., Ltd.               Procurement of goods               –                  –              No       1,036,063.90
                           Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.            Procurement of goods               –                  –              No         661,748.67




578      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                  RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

         1.   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
              receiving services (Continued)

              Statement on procurement of goods/receipt of services (Continued)



                                                                                                                   Exceed the
                                                            Contents of                        Approved limit      transaction
                                                            related party     Amount for the   of transaction      limit or not   Amount for the
              Related parties                               transactions      current period    (if applicable) (if applicable)   previous period


              ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                Service Receipt   225,074,728.87                 –              No     180,611,212.53
              Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent Technology
                Co., Ltd.                                   Service Receipt    31,586,688.38                 –              No
              CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                    Service Receipt    16,428,907.41                 –              No
              Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment Technology
                Co., Ltd.                                   Service Receipt    15,334,905.66                 –              No
              Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.        Service Receipt    14,655,035.34                 –              No       6,974,971.69
              ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne              Service Receipt     7,742,839.70                 –              No      17,541,083.11
              CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing)          Service Receipt     2,246,441.14                                         1,857,106.42
                Co., Ltd.
              China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.     Service Receipt     1,868,867.92                 –              No         238,869.71
              ALSTOM Transport S. A.                        Service Receipt     1,272,110.34                 –              No         713,997.44
              Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication             Service Receipt       765,846.21                 –              No       6,024,216.52
                Technology Service Co., Ltd.
              Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development Service Receipt        671,235.46                 –              No                  –
                Co., Ltd.
              ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence           Service Receipt       670,949.02                 –              No                  –
              Shanghai ALSTOM Transportation Electric       Service Receipt       606,304.25                 –              No       1,280,000.00
                Co., Ltd.
              ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                         Service Receipt               –                  –              No       6,280,644.18
              Beijing Railways Signal & Communication       Service Receipt               –                  –              No          92,307.08
                Complete Equipment Company Ltd.
              ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                    Service Receipt               –                  –              No          35,482.85




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025               579
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                   1.      Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
                           receiving services (Continued)

                           Statement on sales of goods/provision of services


                            ✓     Applicable            Not Applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                         Contents of related   Amount for the       Amount for the
                           Related parties                               party transactions    current period       previous period


                           Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                Sale of goods          90,198,871.12         32,075,726.33
                           ALSTOM Transport S. A.                        Sale of goods          55,514,616.20        106,569,373.05
                           Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd         Sale of goods          15,920,326.51                     –
                           ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited        Sale of goods           7,022,440.85            449,723.00
                           ALSTOM Transport India Limited                Sale of goods           3,470,917.00         18,900,240.00
                           Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.         Sale of goods           3,243,321.27          2,826,665.56
                           ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                    Sale of goods             558,044.00             34,171.00
                           ALSTOM Transport Spain Limited                Sale of goods             391,804.00             77,790.00
                           Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent              Sale of goods             386,113.96                     –
                             Technology Co., Ltd.
                           GE (Shanghai) Electric Power Technology       Sale of goods             349,775.56                     –
                             Co., Ltd.
                           ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                  Sale of goods             323,127.00                     –
                           Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing             Sale of goods             298,300.90          1,291,464.70
                             Technology Co., Ltd.
                           ALSTOM Hong Kong Ltd                          Sale of goods             248,000.00                     –
                           CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                  Sale of goods             132,219.46                     –
                           Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway               Sale of goods             119,013.39                     –
                             Electronic Equipment Co., Ltd.
                           ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                         Sale of goods              29,325.00          3,936,705.73
                           ALSTOM ISRAEL LTD                             Sale of goods              13,500.00            128,702.00
                           CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing)          Sale of goods               1,886.80              1,415.10
                             Co., Ltd.
                           Tianjin Keyvia Electric Co., Ltd.             Sale of goods                 471.70                     –
                           Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation   Sale of goods                     –          18,479,094.98
                             Technology Co., Ltd.
                           Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication             Sale of goods                     –           1,865,687.16
                             Technology Service Co., Ltd.
                           CCUI (Shanghai) Digital Technologies          Sale of goods                     –             370,000.00
                             Co., Ltd.
                           China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.     Sale of goods                     –             128,177.00
                           Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.          Sale of goods                     –              65,699.11


580      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

         1.   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
              receiving services (Continued)

              Statement on sales of goods/provision of services


                                                            Contents of related   Amount for the       Amount for the
              Related parties                               party transactions    current period       previous period


              Shanghai Alstom Transportation                Sale of goods                     –              16,799.99
                Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              –                        –
              Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                       Service provision      88,325,192.24         50,556,557.84
              Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co.,         Service provision      76,540,156.74          5,689,219.41
                Ltd.
              Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.               Service provision      16,520,279.97         14,587,294.30
              CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                  Service provision       6,069,783.96         69,974,111.98
              CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.            Service provision       2,898,187.18            200,884.75
              Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                Service provision       1,043,415.13            569,322.38
              CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.              Service provision         901,090.77                       –
              Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing             Service provision         572,194.22            202,925.91
                Technology Co., Ltd.
              CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing)          Service provision          27,735.85             47,308.05
                Co., Ltd.
              Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.         Service provision          13,204.81             71,709.48
              Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway               Service provision           9,776.47            160,377.36
                Electronic Equipment Co., Ltd.
              ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited        Service provision                 –          14,971,990.56
              CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.             Service provision                 –          14,124,932.38
              CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                    Service provision                 –           4,840,897.25
              CCUI (Shanghai) Digital Technologies          Service provision                 –            375,229.36
                Co., Ltd.
              Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication             Service provision                 –            271,072.81
                Technology Service Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              –                        –
              CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                    Other income            9,510,000.00          4,009,433.96
              Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication             Other income              480,000.00                       –
                Technology Service Co., Ltd.
              Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.          Other income              417,575.65          3,313,339.03
              Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co.,        Other income               95,633.86           542,831.34
                Ltd.


              Related party transactions involving purchase and sale of goods, and provision and receipt of services


                       Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable



                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          581
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                   2.      Related Entrusted Management/Contracting and Outsourced Management
                           Arrangements

                           Statement on entrusted management/contracting by the Company:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Description of connected custody/contracting


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Statement on entrusted management/outsourcing by the Company


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Description of connected management/outsourcing


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                   3.      Related-party leasing arrangements

                           The Company as lessor:


                            ✓    Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                                           Rental income          Rental income
                                                                          Type of          recognized in     recognized in the
                           Name of lessee                                 leased assets    current period        previous period


                           Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.           House             2,861,427.24            2,850,783.05
                           Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.    House               399,878.53              471,421.11




582      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                     XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
                              (V)          Related party transactions (Continued)

                                           3.     Related-party leasing arrangements

                                                  The Company as lessee:


                                                   ✓    Applicable              Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB




                                                                                             Amount for the current period                                              Amount for the previous period
                                                                        Short-term        Variable                                                Short-term
                                                                         lease and            lease                                               lease and Variable lease
                                                                         low-value      payments                                                   low-value       payments
                                                                       asset lease    not included                                               asset lease    not included
                                                                          expense            in the                                                 expense             in the
                                                                             under measurement                          Interest                      under measurement                                Interest
                                                                         simplified   of the lease                    expenses      Right-of-      simplified   of the lease                       expenses       Right-of-
                                                       Type of         approach (if   liabilities (if      Rental       of lease    use asset   approach (if     liabilities (if         Rental     of lease      use asset
                     Name of lessor                    leased assets    applicable)    applicable)      expenses      liabilities   acquired     applicable)     applicable)          expenses     liabilities    acquired


                     Beijing Railways Signal &
                       Communication Complete
                       Equipment Company Ltd.          House             92,205.48                 –     92,205.48             –            –    300,000.00                   –     300,000.00               –           –
                     CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.        House            393,331.38                 –    393,331.38             –            –   1,338,792.00                  –    1,338,792.00              –           –
                     Shanghai Xinlicheng
                       Communication Technology
                       Service Co., Ltd.               House            171,428.58                 –    171,428.58             –            –              –                  –               –              –           –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                  Explanation about leases with related parties
Annual Report 2025

                                                   ✓    Applicable              Not Applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)




583
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                   4.      Related party guarantees

                           The Company as a guarantor


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           The Company as a secured party


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                           Description of related guarantee


                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                   5.      Related-party fund lending

                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                   6.      Related-party asset transfers and debt restructuring

                                 Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable


                   7.      Emolument of key management

                           (1)    Emolument of key management

                                                                                  Amount of     Amount of
                                  Item                                       current period     last period


                                  Emolument of key management                 9,944,771.28    8,097,587.22



                           (2)    Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration

                                                                                  Amount of     Amount of
                                  Item                                       current period     last period


                                  Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration    4,238,107.16    3,491,150.52




584      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                     RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

         7.   Emolument of key management (Continued)

              During the year, the names of directors and supervisors and their respective remuneration are as
              follows:


              2025


                                                                                                                                                                   Total
                                                                                                    Performance          Total                            Remunerations
                                                                                           Basic         based         Pre-tax       Social                 and Benefits
              Name                       Position                      Remuneration      salaries      bonuses Remunerations     Insurance     Annuity       (before tax)


              LOU Qiliang (樓齊良)          Executive Director and the                    250,000.00    879,492.00   1,129,492.00   164,737.44   64,184.16     1,358,413.60
                                           Chairman
              ZHANG Quan (張權)            Executive Director                            110,250.00    114,750.00    225,000.00     81,758.04   28,576.80       335,334.84
              YAO Guiqing (姚桂清)          Independent Non-executive        100,000.00                               100,000.00                                 100,000.00
                                           Director
              YAO Cho Fai Andrew (姚祖輝)   Independent Non-executive        119,004.00                               119,004.00                                 119,004.00
                                           Director
              FU Junyuan (傅俊元)           Independent Non-executive         80,000.00                                80,000.00                                  80,000.00
                                           Director
              LUO Jing (羅靜)              Employee Director                             350,000.00    694,800.00   1,044,800.00   137,542.00   33,500.00     1,215,843.00
              KONG Ning (孔寧)             Chairman of the Supervisory                                 250,560.00    250,560.00                                 250,560.00
                                           Committee
              YANG Yang (楊揚)             Employee Representative                       296,035.00    291,900.00    587,935.00    164,225.52   26,791.20       778,951.72
                                           Supervisor
              LI Tienan(李鐵南)             Shareholder Representative
                                           Supervisor




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                     585
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                   7.      Emolument of key management (Continued)

                           Notes: 1)      Total pre-tax compensation includes the total pre-tax compensation received from the company
                                          during the employment period, excluding social insurance and pension contributions made by
                                          the company on behalf of the individual.

                                  2)      Lou Qiliang’s total pre-tax remuneration comprises daily compensation paid by the Company
                                          from January to December 2025, tenure fulfillment for the period from January to December of
                                          the previous year, and tenure incentives from September 2023 to December 2024.

                                  3)      Zhang Quan’s total pre-tax remuneration includes daily compensation paid by the Company
                                          from January to June 2025.

                                  4)      Luo Jing was appointed as employee director in March 2025.

                                  5)      Ms. Li Tienan was appointed as a supervisor in February 2020. For the year ended 31
                                          December 2025, she did not receive any remuneration as she was not entitled to any
                                          compensation during her tenure as a Supervisor.

                                  6)      On 21 November 2025, the shareholders' meeting resolved to abolish the supervisory
                                          committee.




586      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                 RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

         7.   Emolument of key management (Continued)

              Remuneration of directors and supervisors (continued)


              2024


                                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                                                                                      Remunerations
                                                                                                             Performance     Total Pre-tax       Social                 and Benefits
              Name                        Position                           Remuneration   Basic salaries based bonuses   Remunerations      Insurance     Annuity     (before tax)


              LOU Qiliang (樓齊良)           Executive Director, the Chairman                    242,204.00      324,807.00      567,011.00     160,290.78   62,348.64      789,650.42
                                            and President
              ZHANG Quan (張權)             Executive Director                                  217,980.00      515,358.00      733,338.00     160,290.78   56,113.92      949,742.70
              YAO Guiqing (姚桂清)           Independent Non-executive            100,000.00                                     100,000.00                                 100,000.00
                                            Director
              YAO Cho Fai Andrew (姚祖輝)    Independent Non-executive            118,000.00                                     118,000.00                                 118,000.00
                                            Director
              FU Junyuan (傅俊元)            Independent Non-executive             80,000.00                                      80,000.00                                  80,000.00
                                            Director
              KONG Ning (孔寧)              Chairman of the Supervisory                         192,000.00      357,920.00      549,920.00     160,290.78   38,418.24      748,629.02
                                            Committee
              YANG Yang (楊揚)              Employee Representative                             240,000.00      280,300.00      520,300.00     160,290.78   24,537.60      705,128.38
                                            Supervisor
              LI Tienan(李鐵南)              Shareholder Representative
                                            Supervisor


              Note:       1)         Total pre-tax compensation includes the total pre-tax compensation received from the company
                                     during the employment period, excluding social insurance and pension contributions made by
                                     the company on behalf of the individual.

                          2)         Ms. Li Tienan was appointed as a supervisor in February 2020. For the year ended 31
                                     December 2024, she did not receive any remuneration as she was not entitled to any
                                     compensation during her tenure as a Supervisor.




                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025                    587
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                   7.      Emolument of key management (Continued)

                           Remuneration of directors and supervisors (continued)


                           An analysis of the five highest-paid employees of the Company during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                    Amount of                Amount of
                                                                                                current period               last period


                           Employees who are neither directors nor supervisors                                 5                       5



                           Details of the remuneration for the highest-paid employees who are neither Directors nor Supervisors are
                           as follows:


                                                                                                    Amount of                 Amount of
                           Item                                                                 current period               last period


                           Base Salary                                                            3,324,000.00            2,163,000.00
                           Performance Bonus                                                      8,034,943.10            4,336,751.08
                           Total Pre-Tax Compensation                                            11,358,943.10            6,499,751.08
                           Social Insurance Contributions and
                             Housing Provident Fund                                                 839,439.60              814,825.20
                           Supplementary Pension Insurance                                          190,653.00              188,723.99


                           Total                                                                 12,389,035.70            7,503,300.27



                           The number of highest-paid employees who are neither Directors nor supervisors with remuneration
                           falling within the following ranges is as follows:


                                                                                                    Amount of                 Amount of
                                                                                                current period               last period


                           HK$0 to HK$1,000,000
                           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                        –                       2
                           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                        –                       3
                           HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                        4                       –
                           HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                        1                       –
                           HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                        –                       –


                           Total                                                                               5                       5


                           Note:   During the year, the Group did not pay any fees to any Directors, Supervisors, highest executive
                                   officers or the five highest-paid individuals as inducement for joining or upon joining the Group or as
                                   termination compensation (2024: nil).


588      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (V)   Related party transactions (Continued)

         8.   Other connected transactions

               ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


              Interest Expenses Corresponding to Funds Managed Under Centralized Cash Management by Related
              Parties Deposited with the Finance Company:


                                                                         Amount for the       Amount for the
              Related parties                                            current period      previous period


              China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited     1,250,464.09       12,731,539.53
              Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                Equipment Company Ltd.                                     1,123,861.54        1,139,007.18
              CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.                               666,927.85          316,916.67
              CRSC Venture Capital Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd.       553,888.95                    –
              Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology Service
                Co., Ltd.                                                    343,263.02          388,597.47
              CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                      58,512.37           54,960.30
              Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.                    41,999.10            9,641.42
              CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                2,841.13            6,903.35
              Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic Equipment
                Co., Ltd.                                                      2,229.15            6,646.90
              CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                               1,046.32            6,639.41
              Guiyang branch of CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                       461.95            6,046.98
              Foshan Sanshui branch of CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                103.01              166.45
              Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.                          0.05                0.20




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025       589
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (VI)    Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties

                   1.      Receivables

                            ✓     Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                           Project name             Related parties                                     Closing balance      Opening balance


                           Accounts receivable
                                                    Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                              345,742,346.15       266,232,598.34
                                                    CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                         240,953,458.36       241,310,188.36
                                                    Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                       110,501,713.86        30,903,809.93
                                                    Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.            76,540,156.74        43,322,161.59
                                                    Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.     63,527,919.00        63,527,919.00
                                                    Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd                 31,613,624.41                    –
                                                    CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.                     12,856,589.98        22,041,003.21
                                                    CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                            10,992,087.60        14,433,475.42
                                                    Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation
                                                      Technology Co., Ltd.                                10,318,396.00         9,921,604.00
                                                    CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                     7,987,646.15        12,972,545.53
                                                    Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                  5,531,269.90         4,720,623.98
                                                    Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.                        3,749,487.70         6,459,804.81
                                                    ALSTOM Transport India Limited                         2,535,196.27         3,910,097.67
                                                    ALSTOM Transport S. A.                                 1,471,149.53        12,203,542.56
                                                    Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing
                                                      Technology Co., Ltd.                                   972,544.68         2,496,695.45
                                                    Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent Technology
                                                      Co., Ltd.                                              654,570.00                    –
                                                    Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.              435,867.60                    –
                                                    ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                             152,512.00                    –
                                                    ALSTOM ISRAEL LTD                                        114,055.26           100,555.26
                                                    China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                 50,000.00           134,000.00
                                                    ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                                     29,365.00                40.00
                                                    CCUI (Shanghai) Digital Technologies Co., Ltd.            24,550.00            24,550.00
                                                    Signalling Brasil AGUA BRANCA                             13,655.37                    –
                                                    Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.               2,263.00                    –
                                                    ALSTOM Transport Spain Limited                                49.81               159.08
                                                    Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                                                      Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                         170,000.00
                                                    ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                                                     13,655.37
                                                    ALSTOM Transport SA (Romania)                                                      20.00
                                                    Subtotal                                             926,770,474.37       734,899,049.56
                                                    Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts                102,240,918.32        58,472,876.75
                                                    Total                                                824,529,556.05       676,426,172.81



590      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (VI)   Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

          1.   Receivables (Continued)

               Project name           Related parties                                     Closing balance        Opening balance


               Dividends receivable   Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                         3,990,000.00           4,800,000.00
                                      Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                                        Co., Ltd.                                            1,552,733.76
                                      China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.              1,500,000.00
                                      Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.           1,340,621.64
                                      CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.         1,008,000.00           1,008,000.00
                                      Total                                                  9,391,355.40           5,808,000.00
               Prepayments
                                      ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                        19,604,914.24           9,431,385.57
                                      Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                 6,917,104.71           3,737,204.00
                                      Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                                        Co., Ltd.                                            2,500,582.00                      –
                                      Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.              120,000.00             495,000.00
                                      Siping Integrated Pipeline Construction Co., Ltd.         41,436.67                      –
                                      Beijing Railways Signal & Communication
                                        Complete Equipment Company Ltd.                          2,983.96                      –
                                      ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                           2,940.24               2,940.24
                                      Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd                            –           23,099,182.81
                                      ALSTOM Transport Systems (Thailand) Ltd.                         –            1,359,346.60
                                      Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology
                                        Co., Ltd.                                                      –              423,000.00
                                      Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                                   –                5,300.00
                                      Total                                                 29,189,961.82          38,553,359.22




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          591
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (VI)    Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

                   1.      Receivables (Continued)

                           Project name             Related parties                                  Closing balance   Opening balance


                           Other receivables
                                                    CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                          9,824,943.80      4,564,943.80
                                                    Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.         3,366,230.79      2,868,008.11
                                                    China Railway Signal & Communication
                                                      Corporation Limited                               2,055,221.41        249,000.00
                                                    CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.      1,120,978.97      1,120,978.97
                                                    Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.            589,016.88        583,168.93
                                                    Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                        575,734.64        487,293.03
                                                    ALSTOM Transport Systems (Thailand) Ltd.              461,818.68        164,249.66
                                                    Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.                  408,510.58        515,958.85
                                                    CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                          197,251.21        601,957.30
                                                    Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                                24,726.39                 –
                                                    CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.                      24,327.46         25,745.42
                                                    CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.                       13,296.06        205,471.26
                                                    Beijing Railways Signal & Communication
                                                      Complete Equipment Company Ltd.                      10,000.00         18,951.88
                                                    China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.              17,834.77        127,601.61
                                                    Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology
                                                      Service Co., Ltd.                                           –         292,223.00
                                                    CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                            –         164,105.71
                                                    Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                                                      Equipment Co., Ltd.                                         –          84,244.94
                                                    Subtotal                                           18,689,891.64     12,073,902.47
                                                    Less: Allowance for doubtful debts – other
                                                            receivables                                   102,464.49         45,919.71
                                                    Total                                              18,587,427.15     12,027,982.76




592      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                                          RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (VI)   Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

          2.   Payables

                ✓     Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                              Closing gross       Book balance at the
               Project name        Related parties                                          carrying amount   beginning of the period


               Accounts payable
                                   Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic Equipment
                                     Co., Ltd.                                               167,437,788.54            150,689,905.23
                                   Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd                     118,676,622.25             10,229,390.42
                                   Tianjin Keyvia Electric Co., Ltd.                          65,551,209.43             94,305,331.08
                                   Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                             44,808,386.94             18,395,470.23
                                   CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.             44,750,169.20             37,501,493.44
                                   Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                      38,949,091.65             33,080,519.01
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                             31,885,316.22             13,775,641.19
                                   Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development Co., Ltd.     29,531,457.67             23,110,231.84
                                   Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology Co., Ltd.     17,431,178.46             19,688,865.02
                                   CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                  9,327,172.18                         –
                                   Wuhan Intelligent Metro Technology Co., Ltd.                8,897,103.47                         –
                                   Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                      7,660,408.06               615,514.79
                                   Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.       7,012,239.22                         –
                                   Zhejiang Jiaotou Intelligent Transportation Technology
                                     Co., Ltd.                                                 6,189,688.95                         –
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                            3,774,631.97              4,565,501.56
                                   ALSTOM Transport Systems (Thailand) Ltd.                    2,346,589.19                         –
                                   Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.                 1,349,312.95               703,730.54
                                   Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.                          333,496.82               995,245.49
                                   Nanjing Rail Transit Equipment Technology Co., Ltd.           305,000.00                         –
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence                           149,830.21                 59,553.43
                                   ALSTOM Transport S. A.                                         89,038.21                         –
                                   ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                                     83,048.45                 83,048.45
                                   Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                     Equipment Company Ltd.                                       82,850.00                 82,850.00
                                   Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.                   64,953.41                 64,953.41
                                   China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                      26,280.00               272,315.80
                                   Total                                                     606,712,863.45            408,219,560.93




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025            593
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (VI)    Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

                   2.      Payables (Continued)

                                                                                                             Closing gross      Book balance at the
                           Project name           Related parties                                          carrying amount   beginning of the period


                           Contract liabilities
                                                  ALSTOM Transport S. A.                                     30,382,619.94            28,904,796.84
                                                  Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                                    15,993,451.25                         –
                                                  Shentie Signaling (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd                       4,272,107.96               706,982.30
                                                  ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited                      4,209,051.61             1,954,197.27
                                                  CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                                3,556,331.77             2,722,001.29
                                                  CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                  3,079,185.19             3,418,442.42
                                                  ALSTOM Transport India Limited                              2,679,008.27               802,598.85
                                                  ALSTOM ISRAEL LTD                                           1,103,977.49               236,660.14
                                                  ALSTOM Transport (S) Pte Ltd                                  758,501.78                         –
                                                  Shijiazhuang Jiaotou Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.         467,297.30                         –
                                                  Henan Huazhou Railway Co., Ltd.                               284,741.28               284,741.28
                                                  ALSTOM Hong Kong Ltd                                          282,799.04                         –
                                                  ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                                         201,965.43                         –
                                                  ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A.                                    167,744.04                14,281.96
                                                  Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                                 88,378.53                         –
                                                  Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                                    Equipment Company Ltd.                                       66,377.03                         –
                                                  CCUI (Shanghai) Digital Technologies Co., Ltd.                 22,747.44                22,747.44
                                                  Signalling Brasil AGUA BRANCA                                  12,638.90                         –
                                                  Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development Co., Ltd.                –                 76,912.50




594      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                       RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (VI)   Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

          2.   Payables (Continued)

                                                                                           Closing gross      Book balance at the
               Project name     Related parties                                          carrying amount   beginning of the period


               Other payables
                                China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                                  Limited                                                  89,832,910.21            79,634,558.21
                                CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                          7,574,588.23             3,533,330.69
                                Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                  Equipment Company Ltd.                                    5,155,955.62             3,200,780.09
                                China Urban Rail Transit Equipment Co., Ltd.                1,822,648.50             1,822,648.50
                                CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                    300,389.64               313,586.40
                                Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                         166,090.00                97,320.00
                                Jincheng City Northwest Railway Co., Ltd.                     150,606.81                         –
                                CRSC Smart Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                134,000.00                15,000.00
                                CRSC Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                                   81,900.00               190,172.90
                                Xi’an Schaltbau Electric Corp., Ltd.                           64,925.15                         –
                                China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                      61,725.00               161,725.00
                                China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                      25,000.00                         –
                                Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                                 18,800.00                         –
                                CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.                               12,145.00                         –
                                CRSC Venture Capital Fund Management (Beijing)
                                  Co., Ltd.                                                     8,330.00                         –
                                Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology
                                  Service Co., Ltd.                                             3,706.00               228,706.00
                                Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.                     2,823.06                 2,823.06
                                Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology Co., Ltd.                –                 35,000.00
                                Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic Equipment
                                  Co., Ltd.                                                           –                 26,760.00
                                Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                                               –                 17,965.36
                                Total                                                     105,416,543.22            89,280,376.21




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025            595
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (VI)    Unsettled items such as amounts due from/to related parties (Continued)

                   2.      Payables (Continued)

                                                                                                               Closing gross       Book balance at the
                           Project name               Related parties                                        carrying amount    beginning of the period


                           Bills payable
                                                      Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic Equipment
                                                        Co., Ltd.                                                3,397,231.34             3,000,000.00
                                                      Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology Service
                                                        Co., Ltd.                                                2,842,468.00               985,245.27
                                                      Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                        84,546.50              2,870,812.78
                                                      Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                                       –              1,586,564.00
                                                      China Tietong Railway Operation Co., Ltd.                            –                200,670.82
                                                      Total                                                      6,324,245.84             8,643,292.87
                           Customers deposits
                             and deposits from
                             banks and other
                             financial institutions
                                                      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation
                                                        Limited                                               712,451,534.62          2,724,013,986.47
                                                      CRSC Venture Capital Fund Management (Beijing) Co.,
                                                        Ltd.                                                   95,553,888.95                          –
                                                      Beijing Railways Signal & Communication Complete
                                                        Equipment Company Ltd.                                 75,964,247.21             68,471,631.53
                                                      CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                               46,961,087.36             53,029,751.34
                                                      CRSC Capital Operation Co., Ltd.                         40,721,708.43             40,316,916.67
                                                      Shanghai Xinlicheng Communication Technology Service
                                                        Co., Ltd.                                              30,968,703.83             30,652,011.30
                                                      Beijing Erqi Communication Factory Co., Ltd.             25,013,621.49             73,261,184.46
                                                      Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic Equipment
                                                        Co., Ltd.                                                2,822,563.08             2,936,493.74
                                                      Foshan Sanshui branch of CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.        2,167,242.30                 2,976.05
                                                      CRSC Foshan Real Estate Co., Ltd.                          2,032,063.21             3,574,882.04
                                                      Guiyang branch of CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                494,956.73                195,943.52
                                                      CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                          126,764.77              4,802,286.50
                                                      Xi’an Weixun Monitoring Equipment Co., Ltd.                      57.23                     57.18
                                                      Total                                                  1,035,278,439.21         3,001,258,120.80


                   3.      Other items

                                   Applicable          ✓       Not Applicable




596      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (VII)   Commitment of related parties

            ✓    Applicable        Not Applicable


           The commitments in relation to related parties contracted for but not yet necessary to be recognised on the
           balance sheet by the Company as at the balance sheet dates were as follows:


           Project name            Related parties                                     Closing balance     Opening balance


           Procurement of goods/
             Service Receipt
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Saint Ouen                       321,950,303.85       231,274,670.97
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Villeurbanne                      44,409,635.48        16,072,979.60
                                   Alstom Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                 8,259,421.00        16,866,042.84
                                   Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                         6,841,451.60        12,560,181.83
                                   ALSTOM Transport SA-Aix en Provence                    1,609,267.98                    –
                                   Beijing Beixin Fengyuan Railway Electronic
                                     Equipment Co., Ltd.                                            –           527,120.12
           Sale of goods/Service
             provision
                                   ALSTOM Transport S. A.                               227,443,385.36       270,536,585.04
                                   ALSTOM Hong Kong Ltd                                  65,225,924.87        71,511,984.29
                                   ALSTOM Transport India Limited                        36,657,958.83        29,289,322.14
                                   Tianshui Tram Co., Ltd.                               36,520,589.90       134,589,295.85
                                   ALSTOM Transport Australia Pty Limited                31,725,338.50        18,079,110.08
                                   Beijing CRSC Beifang Real Estate Co., Ltd.            20,471,734.92                    –
                                   Siemens Signaling Company Ltd.                         1,256,910.68          288,855.50
                                   ALSTOM Signaling Inc.                                     29,365.00            29,365.00
                                   ALSTOM ISRAEL LTD                                          4,826.82             4,826.82
                                   ALSTOM Ferroviaria S.p. A                                     53.00          859,590.00
                                   CRSC Guizhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                               –        319,726,680.23
                                   CRSC Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                       –          5,980,006.03
                                   Tianjin Jingui Huihai Technology Development
                                     Co., Ltd.                                                      –          2,613,553.00
                                   Zhongguancun Chipsea Prioritizing Technology
                                     Co., Ltd.                                                      –          2,437,923.62
                                   Gu’an Beixin Railway Signal Co., Ltd.                            –          2,049,348.00
                                   GE (Shanghai) Electric Power Technology Co., Ltd.                –           370,148.28




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       597
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (VIII)   Others

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


      XV. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
            (I)      Various equity instruments

                     1.    Details

                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                     2.    Stock options or other equity instruments issued at the end of the period

                                 Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (II)     Equity-settled share-based payments

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            (III)    Cash-settled share-based payments

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            (IV)     Share-based payment expenses for current period

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            (V)      Modification and termination of share-based payment

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable


            (VI)     Others

                          Applicable   ✓      Not Applicable




598      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                                                                              RMB




XVI. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
   (I)     Significant commitments

            ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


           Major external commitments, nature and amount thereof as at the balance sheet date


           Project name                                                      Closing balance         Opening balance


           Contracted, but not provided for                                                                          –
           Capital commitment                                                               –                        –
           Investment commitment                                                   935,000.00         274,709,700.00


           Total                                                                   935,000.00         274,709,700.00



   (II)    Contingencies

           1.       Important contingencies existing as at the balance sheet date

                         Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable


           2.       The Company has no disclosable important contingencies, and shall also give
                    an explanation:

                         Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable


   (III)   Others

                   Applicable   ✓     Not Applicable




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       599
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XVII. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
            (I)     Important non-adjusting matters

                         Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


            (II)    Profit distribution

                     ✓   Applicable         Not Applicable


                    On 24 March 2026, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved to propose a dividend distribution from the
                    distributable profits as at 31 December 2025, with a cash dividend of RMB0.17 per share (tax inclusive). The
                    profit distribution plan will be submitted to the Company’s 2025 annual general meeting for the shareholders’
                    consideration and approval.


            (III)   Sales return

                         Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


            (IV)    Explanation of other events after the balance sheet date

                         Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




600      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       31 December 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB




XVIII. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
   The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and
   the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may
   adjust the profit distribution to Shareholders, return capital to Shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce
   debts. The Company is not bound by external compulsory capital requirements. In 2025 and 2024, no changes were
   made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital.


   The Company manages its capital through gearing ratio, which is total liabilities divided by total assets. The gearing
   ratios of the Company as at the balance sheet date are as follows:


   Item                                                                         Closing balance           Opening balance


   Total assets                                                              118,321,690,651.90        117,890,875,515.13
   Total liabilities                                                          65,850,838,896.19          67,455,073,189.37
   Gearing ratio                                                                         55.65%                     57.22%



XIX. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
   (I)     Early correction of accounting error

           Refer to “Analysis of the Company’s Explanation for Changes in Accounting Policies or Estimates or Corrections
           of Material Accounting Errors” under “Significant Matters."


   (II)    Significant Debt Restructuring

                   Applicable   ✓       Not Applicable


   (III)   Asset replacement

           1.          Exchange of non-monetary assets

                           Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


           2.          Other asset replacement

                           Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         601
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIX. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
            (IV)    Annuity plan

                         Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable


            (V)     Discontinuing operations

                         Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable


            (VI)    Segment information

                   1.      Basis for determining and accounting policies of reportable segments

                            ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                           For management purposes, the Company is divided into business units based on the products and
                           services. The Company has the following three reportable segments:


                           (1)    The rail transportation control system segment mainly provides a specialized “three-in-one”
                                  service comprising of design and integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery for
                                  rail transportation control systems;


                           (2)    General engineering contracting segment mainly includes municipal engineering contracting and
                                  the construction services of other engineering projects;


                           (3)    Other segments mainly engage in trading etc.


                           The management separately manages the operating results of each business unit for the purpose of
                           making decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment.


                           Segment performance is evaluated based on the profit of a reportable segment. The indicator is
                           consistent with the total profit of the Company. The indicator is consistent with the total profit of the
                           Company.


                           Inter-segment transfer pricing is determined by reference to prices adopted in sales or provision of
                           labour services to third parties.




602      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                     RMB




XIX. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
   (VI)   Segment information (Continued)

          2.   Financial information of reportable segments

                 ✓         Applicable                      Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                  Rail transportation       Construction                            Inter-segment
               Item                                                  control system          contracting              Others          elimination                 Total


               Revenue from external transactions                  31,906,694,437.52     2,351,454,586.54     294,643,521.36                    –     34,552,792,545.42
               Revenue from inter-segment transactions                 23,066,515.28      127,277,859.52      189,470,360.72      -339,814,735.52                    –


               Investment income from joint ventures and
                  associates                                           77,377,603.85       29,576,715.61                   –                    –       106,954,319.46
               Credit impairment loss                                 319,745,186.87       86,360,835.58       -26,918,140.87                   –       379,187,881.58
               Asset impairment loss                                  -22,484,952.34        -1,926,069.74                  –                    –        -24,411,022.08
               Depreciation and amortization fees                     706,734,948.69       11,618,666.20         4,961,790.44      -11,286,414.40       712,028,990.93
               Total profit (Total loss)                                           –                   –                   –                    –      4,908,185,866.07
               Income tax expenses                                                 –                   –                   –                    –       661,323,470.77
               Net profit (net loss)                                               –                   –                   –                    –      4,246,862,395.30
               Total assets                                        88,497,987,385.80    26,452,779,918.20   11,549,891,890.78    -8,178,968,542.88   118,321,690,651.90


               Total liabilities                                   46,042,931,641.21    18,693,693,278.90    9,293,182,518.96    -8,178,968,542.88    65,850,838,896.19


               Other significant no cash items                                     –                   –                   –                    –                    –
               Long-term equity investments in joint ventures
                  and associates                                    1,593,703,209.77      587,961,274.50                   –                    –      2,181,664,484.27
               Increase in non current assets other than
                  long-term equity investments                      1,260,556,339.06         4,208,183.35        8,904,528.75      -20,995,682.93      1,252,673,368.23


               Note:          Capital expenditures include the annual increments in investment properties, property, plant and
                              equipment, construction in progress, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, development expenditures,
                              and long-term prepaid expenses.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                   603
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XIX. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
            (VI)     Segment information

                     3.    The Company shall explain the reason why there is no reportable segment or it
                           cannot disclose the total assets and total liabilities of each reportable segment

                                   Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                     4.    Other explanation

                                   Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


            (VII)    Other material transactions and matters that have an impact on investors’ decisions

                          Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


            (VIII)   Others

                      ✓   Applicable            Not Applicable


                     Geographic information

                     1.    Revenue from external transactions

                           Revenue from external transactions                                             2025                      2024


                           China                                                            32,195,563,686.75           30,031,664,390.29
                           Other countries or regions                                        2,357,228,858.67            2,441,369,375.77


                           Total                                                            34,552,792,545.42           32,473,033,766.06


                           Note:    Revenue from external transactions is attributed to the region where the customer is located.




604      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     RMB




XIX. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
   (VIII)   Others (Continued)

            Geographic information (Continued)

            2.   Total non-current assets

                 Total non-current assets                                                     2025                        2024


                 China                                                          13,314,346,558.49          12,277,715,991.89


                 Note:    Revenue from external transactions is categorized by where the customers are located.



XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS
   (I)      Accounts receivable

            1.   Disclosure by record date

                  ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                    Closing gross         Book balance at the
                 Aging                                                           carrying amount      beginning of the period


                 Within 1 year (inclusive)                                         385,539,911.76               470,338,191.50
                 Including: Within 1 year
                 Sub items within 1 year                                           385,539,911.76               470,338,191.50
                 1 to 2 years                                                      163,466,658.28               292,363,671.30
                 2 to 3 years                                                      151,468,066.08               211,627,954.82
                 Over 3 years                                                      687,046,574.73               608,490,556.12
                 Subtotal                                                        1,387,521,210.85              1,582,820,373.74
                 Less: Provision for bad debt                                      217,985,240.53               206,528,741.58


                 Total                                                           1,169,535,970.32              1,376,291,632.16




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         605
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS
                    (I)               Accounts receivable (Continued)

                                      2.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                               ✓        Applicable                    Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan             Currency: RMB


                                                                                Closing balance                                                                           Opening balance
                                                      Closing balance               Provision for bad debt                                      Closing balance                Provision for bad debt
      Category                                        Amount Percentage (%)             Amount Proportion (%)            Book Value             Amount Percentage (%)             Amount Proportion (%)            Book Value


      Single provision for bad debt               2,635,754.22           0.19      2,635,754.22               100                   –       2,635,754.22           0.17       2,635,754.22              100                   –
      Including:
                                                  2,635,754.22           0.19      2,635,754.22               100                   –       2,635,754.22           0.17       2,635,754.22              100                   –
      Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a
        combination basis:                    1,384,885,456.63          99.81    215,349,486.31              15.55   1,169,535,970.32   1,580,184,619.52          99.83     203,892,987.36              12.9   1,376,291,632.16
      Including:
                                              1,384,885,456.63          99.81    215,349,486.31              15.55   1,169,535,970.32   1,580,184,619.52          99.83     203,892,987.36              12.9   1,376,291,632.16


      Total                                   1,387,521,210.85              /    217,985,240.53                  /   1,169,535,970.32   1,582,820,373.74              /     206,528,741.58                 /   1,376,291,632.16




606           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                   31 December 2025
                                                                                                               RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (I)   Accounts receivable (Continued)

         2.   Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

              Single provision for bad debt:


               ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                             Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                         Provision                            Reasons for
              Name                               Closing balance    for bad debt     Proportion (%)       making provision


              Single provision for bad debt         2,635,754.22    2,635,754.22               100.00                    /


              Total                                 2,635,754.22    2,635,754.22               100.00                    /



              Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                      Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


              Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


               ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025          607
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (I)     Accounts receivable (Continued)

                   2.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

                           Group Items:
                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                                 Provision
                           Name                                      Closing balance          for bad debt        Proportion (%)


                           Within 1 year                              385,539,911.76          1,698,034.02                  0.44
                           1 to 2 years                               163,466,658.28          7,739,650.48                  4.73
                           2 to 3 years                               151,468,066.08         14,696,486.80                  9.70
                           Over 3 years                               684,410,820.51        191,215,315.01                27.94


                           Total                                     1,384,885,456.63       215,349,486.31                     –



                           Explanation on provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of accounts receivable for which the
                           allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                                   Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




608      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                      RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (I)   Accounts receivable (Continued)

         3.   Provision for bad debts

               ✓         Applicable                   Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                          Change during the period
                                                                                                    Recovery               Write-off
              Category                                 Opening balance       Provision             or reversal       or cancellation   Other changes   Closing balance


              Single provision for bad debt                2,635,754.22               –                     –                     –                –      2,635,754.22
              Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a
                combination basis                        203,892,987.36   11,457,345.81                     –                     –          -846.86    215,349,486.31


              Total                                      206,528,741.58   11,457,345.81                     –                     –          -846.86    217,985,240.53



              Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                         Applicable           ✓       Not Applicable


              Other explanation


         4.   Write-off of accounts receivable for the period

                         Applicable           ✓       Not Applicable


              Write-off of significant accounts receivable


                         Applicable           ✓       Not Applicable




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025                609
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (I)     Accounts receivable (Continued)

                   5.        Details of the top five accounts receivable and contract assets by debtor based
                             on ending balances

                              ✓   Applicable          Not Applicable


                             As at 31 December 2025, the total amount of top five accounts receivable and contract assets by closing
                             balance of debtors amounted to RMB546,150,075.76 in total, accounting for 20.00% of the total closing
                             balance of accounts receivable and contract assets. The closing balance of the corresponding provision
                             for bad debt amounted to RMB12,496,414.52 in total.


                             As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of top five accounts receivable and contract assets by closing
                             balance of debtors amounted to RMB643,991,063.39 in total, accounting for 21.35% of the total closing
                             balance of accounts receivable and contract assets. The closing balance of the corresponding provision
                             for bad debt amounted to RMB14,424,890.41 in total.


                             Other explanation:


                                  Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


            (II)    Other receivables

                   Presentation of items

                     ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                    Item                                                                 Closing balance             Opening balance


                    Interests receivable                                                                 –                          –
                    Dividends receivable                                                   354,835,070.73             309,922,930.31
                    Other receivables                                                    6,565,353,175.95            6,860,503,635.21


                    Total                                                                6,920,188,246.68            7,170,426,565.52




610      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                          RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Presentation of items (Continued)

          Other explanation:


               Applicable      ✓    Not Applicable


          Interests receivable

          1.     Classification of interest receivable

                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


          2.     Significant overdue interest

                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


          3.     Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                 Single provision for bad debt:


                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                 Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                 Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                       Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable




                                                                            Annual Report 2025   611
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Interests receivable (Continued)

                   3.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)

                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Basis for classification by stage and provision ratios for bad debt


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of interests receivable for which the allowance
                           for loss has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                   4.      Provision for bad debts

                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Other explanation:


                   5.      Write-off of interest receivable for the period

                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Write-off of significant interest receivable


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Explanation on write-off:


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


                           Other explanation:


                                 Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable




612      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Dividends receivable

          1.   Dividends receivable

                ✓      Applicable       Not Applicable


                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


               Item (or Investee)                                    Closing balance            Opening balance


               CRSC Construction                                       172,561,047.06            172,561,000.00
               Shanghai Engineering Bureau                             110,745,000.00             68,910,000.00
               CRSC Jiangsu Smart                                       13,800,000.00             13,800,000.00
               CRSC Tengda                                               6,336,658.70              6,335,000.00
               CRSC Wanquan Signal Equipment Co., Ltd.                   3,616,930.31              3,616,930.31
               Jishou Huatai                                               835,434.66                840,000.00
               CRSCE                                                    46,940,000.00             43,860,000.00
               Subtotal                                                354,835,070.73            309,922,930.31
               Less: Provision for bad debt                                        –                          –


               Total                                                   354,835,070.73            309,922,930.31



          2.   Significant dividends receivable aging over 1 year2. Significant dividends receivable with an
               age over 1 year

                       Applicable   ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        613
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Dividends receivable (Continued)

                   3.      Disclosure by the method of provision for bad debts

                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on single provision for bad debt:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debt on a combination basis:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Provision withdrawn for bad debts based on general model of expected credit losses


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable


                           Explanation on significant changes in the carrying amount of dividends receivable for which the
                           allowance for loss has changed in the period:


                                 Applicable    ✓    Not Applicable




614      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                                                                     RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Dividends receivable (Continued)

          4.   Provision for bad debts

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


          5.   Actual write-off of dividends receivable in current period

                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Write-off of significant dividends receivable


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Explanation on write-off:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable


               Other explanation:


                     Applicable     ✓      Not Applicable




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   615
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables

                   1.      Disclosure by aging

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Closing gross       Book balance at the
                           Aging                                        carrying amount    beginning of the period


                           Within 1 year (inclusive)                    1,482,438,200.34           1,423,835,500.66
                           Including: Within 1 year
                           1 to 2 years                                  409,697,844.85             762,566,469.93
                           2 to 3 years                                  652,425,838.73            1,187,920,747.36
                           Over 3 years                                 4,023,507,097.58           3,488,985,524.11
                           Subtotal                                     6,568,068,981.50           6,863,308,242.06
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                     2,715,805.55               2,804,606.85


                           Total                                        6,565,353,175.95           6,860,503,635.21



                   2.      Classified by nature

                            ✓      Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                      Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Closing gross       Book balance at the
                           Nature of accounts                           carrying amount    beginning of the period


                           Loans to subsidiaries                        3,832,333,624.39           4,129,013,130.00
                           Advance payments                             2,701,238,172.76           2,563,852,958.50
                           Others                                         34,497,184.35             170,442,153.56
                           Subtotal                                     6,568,068,981.50           6,863,308,242.06
                           Less: Provision for bad debt                     2,715,805.55               2,804,606.85


                           Total                                        6,565,353,175.95           6,860,503,635.21




616      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Other receivables (Continued)

          3.   Provision for bad debt

                ✓      Applicable             Not Applicable


                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                              Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
               Provision for bad debt                    12-month ECL (non-credit impaired)   (credit-impaired)              Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2025               2,432,555.85                   –          372,051.00        2,804,606.85
               Balance as at 1 January 2025
                 during the period                                     –                 –                   –                  –
               – Transferred to stage 2                                –                 –                   –                  –
               – Transferred to stage 3                                –                 –                   –                  –
               – Transferred to stage 2                                –                 –                   –                  –
               – Transferred to stage 1                                –                 –                   –                  –
               Provision for the period                        -88,801.30                –                   –          -88,801.30
               Reversal for the period                                 –                 –                   –                  –
               Write-off for the period                                –                 –                   –                  –
               Cancellation for the period                             –                 –                   –                  –
               Other changes                                           –                 –                   –                  –
               Balance as at 1 January 2025               2,343,754.55                   –          372,051.00        2,715,805.55




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         617
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables (Continued)

                   3.      Provision for bad debt (Continued)

                           The movement in the carrying amount of other receivables is as follows:


                                                                           Stage 1              Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                                                           Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
                           Closing balance                           12-month ECL (non-credit impaired)   (credit-impaired)               Total


                           Balance as at 1 January 2025            6,862,887,415.86                   –        420,826.20     6,863,308,242.06
                           Balance as at 1 January 2025
                             during the period                                    –                   –                  –                   –
                           – Transferred to stage 2                               –                   –                  –                   –
                           – Transferred to stage 3                               –                   –                  –                   –
                           – Transferred to stage 2                               –                   –                  –                   –
                           – Transferred to stage 1                               –                   –                  –                   –
                           Addition                                1,887,733,706.26                   –                  –    1,887,733,706.26
                           Derecognised                           -2,182,972,966.82                   –                  –    -2,182,972,966.82
                           Other changes                                          –                   –                  –                    –
                           Balance as at 1 January 2025            6,567,648,155.30                   –        420,826.20     6,568,068,981.50



                           Significant changes in the carrying amount of other receivables for which the allowance for loss has
                           changed in the period:


                                  Applicable          ✓   Not Applicable


                           Amount of provision for bad debts for the period and basis for evaluating whether credit risk of fi nancial
                           instruments increase significantly:


                                  Applicable          ✓   Not Applicable




618      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           31 December 2025
                                                                                                                       RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          Other receivables (Continued)

          4.   Provision for bad debts

                ✓      Applicable           Not Applicable


                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                          Change during the period
                                                 Opening                  Recovery or   Write-off or          Other       Closing
               Category                           balance    Provision       reversal   cancellation       changes        balance


               Provision for bad debt         2,804,606.85   -88,801.30             –                –            –   2,715,805.55


               Total                          2,804,606.85   -88,801.30             –                –            –   2,715,805.55



               Significant amounts recovered or reversed to bad debts in the period:


                       Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


          5.   Write-off of other receivables for the period

                       Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


               Write-off of other significant receivables:


                       Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable


               Explanation on the write-off of other receivables:


                       Applicable       ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          619
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (II)    Other receivables (Continued)

                   Other receivables (Continued)

                   6.      Top five other receivables by closing balance of debtors

                            ✓          Applicable                 Not Applicable


                                                                                     Percentage of total
                                                                                     closing balance of                                                              Provision for bad debt
                           Name                                    Closing balance    other receivables     Nature of accounts    Aging                              Closing balance
                                                                                                    (%)


                           CRSC Engineering Bureau Group          1,300,453,411.39                19.80    Subsidiary loans and   Within 1 year 269,619.44;
                             Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.                                             advances on behalf    1-2 years 195,309.72;
                                                                                                                                  2-3 years 269,582.56;
                                                                                                                                  3-4 years 3,688,807.79;
                                                                                                                                  4-5 years 1,296,030,091.88
                           CRSC Construction Group Co., Ltd.      1,244,942,999.87                18.95    Subsidiary loans and   Within 1 year 307,768,830.58;
                                                                                                            advances on behalf    1-2 years 88,117,664.16;
                                                                                                                                  3-4 years 304,056,505.13;
                                                                                                                                  4-5 years 545,000,000.00
                           CRSC Transportation Construction        927,701,562.50                 14.12    Subsidiary loans and   3-4 years 200,000,000.00;
                             Limited                                                                                 advances     4-5 years 706,000,000.00;
                                                                                                                                  Over 5 years RMB21,701,562.50
                           Beijing CRSC Research & Design          803,239,548.30                 12.23     Advance payments      Within 1 year 49,325,825.22;
                             Institute Group Co., Ltd.                                                                            1-2 years 63,135,324.92;
                                                                                                                                  2-3 years 345,026,559.56;
                                                                                                                                  3-4 years 345,751,838.60
                           China Railway Signal &                  713,232,352.87                 10.86    Subsidiary loans and   Within 1 year RMB585,001,966.05;
                             Communication Shanghai                                                                  advances     1-2 years RMB70,444,507.02;
                             Engineering Bureau Group Co.,                                                                        2-3 years 17,953,423.09;
                             Ltd.                                                                                                 4-5 years 612,298.91;
                                                                                                                                  Over 5 years RMB39,220,157.80


                           Total                                  4,989,569,874.93                75.97                       /   /



                           As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of top five debtors with the largest closing balance of other
                           receivables amounted to RMB718,777,633.37 in total, accounting for 38.45% of the total closing balance
                           of other receivables. The closing balance of the corresponding provision for bad debt amounted to
                           RMB184,713,557.16 in total.




620      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                      RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (II)   Other receivables (Continued)

          7.   Other receivables derecognised due to the transfer of financial assets

                    Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable


               Other explanation:


                    Applicable      ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   621
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                 (III)        Long-term equity investments

                               ✓        Applicable                   Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                            Closing balance                                                   Opening balance
                                                                                                Provision for                                                      Provision for
                              Item                                    Closing balance             impairment     Carrying amount            Closing balance         impairment         Carrying amount


                              Investment in subsidiaries            19,338,147,288.15                       – 19,338,147,288.15 18,964,368,144.04                              – 18,964,368,144.04
                              Investments in associates and
                                  joint ventures                        966,876,462.87                      –      966,876,462.87           929,367,802.69                     –        929,367,802.69


                              Total                                 20,305,023,751.02                       – 20,305,023,751.02 19,893,735,946.73                              – 19,893,735,946.73



                              1.          Investment in subsidiaries

                                            ✓       Applicable                     Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                              Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                         Increase/decrease for the period
                                                               Opening balance                                                                                                          Closing balance
                                           Opening balance      of provision for          Additional       Reduction of        Provision for                        Closing balance      of provision for
      Investee                            (carrying amount)         impairment            investment        investment           impairment               Others   (carrying amount)         impairment


      Innovation Investment                 2,901,431,060.71                  –                    –                  –                      –                 –    2,901,431,060.71                   –
      CRSCD                                 2,183,153,452.31                  –                    –                  –                      –                 –    2,183,153,452.31                   –
      CRSC Xi’an Industry Group             2,161,476,363.60                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     2,161,476,363.60                   –
      CRSC Finance                          1,900,000,000.00                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     1,900,000,000.00                   –
      Shanghai Engineering Bureau           1,635,118,995.36                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     1,635,118,995.36                   –
      CRSC Changsha Railway                 1,454,470,000.00                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     1,454,470,000.00                   –
      CRSC Construction                     1,278,913,017.40                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     1,278,913,017.40                   –
      CRSCE                                 1,090,447,494.77                  –                    –                  –                      –                –     1,090,447,494.77                   –
      CRSC International Holdings            810,060,279.43                   –       123,384,301.90                  –                      –                –       933,444,581.33                   –
      CASCO                                  731,460,709.51                   –                    –                  –                      –                –       731,460,709.51                   –
      CRSC Huatai                            522,000,000.00                   –                    –                  –                      –                –       522,000,000.00                   –
      CRSCC                                  455,790,731.45                   –                    –                  –                      –                –       455,790,731.45                   –
      CRSC Jiangsu Smart                     431,053,427.20                   –          2,976,042.21                 –                      –                –       434,029,469.41                   –
      CRSC Tengda                            405,000,000.00                   –                    –                  –                      –                –       405,000,000.00                   –




622         China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                          RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (III)        Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                         1.     Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                         Increase/decrease for the period
                                                    Opening balance                                                                                          Closing balance
                                Opening balance      of provision for       Additional     Reduction of        Provision for              Closing balance    of provision for
Investee                        (carrying amount)        impairment        investment       investment           impairment     Others   (carrying amount)       impairment


CRSC Cables                        389,223,087.50                  –                –                 –                     –        –      389,223,087.50                 –
Electrification Bureau             325,000,000.00                  –                –                 –                     –        –      325,000,000.00                 –
Urban Rail Transit                 100,000,000.00                  –                –                 –                     –        –      100,000,000.00                 –
CRSC Low-Altitude Intelligent       97,631,618.01                  –    250,000,000.00                –                     –        –      347,631,618.01                 –
Guangzhou Engineering
   Technology                       58,180,000.00                  –                –                 –                     –        –       58,180,000.00                 –
Beijing Materials                   31,376,706.79                  –                –                 –                     –        –       31,376,706.79                 –
CRSC International                   2,581,200.00                  –                –      2,581,200.00                     –       –                    –                 –


Total                           18,964,368,144.04                  –    376,360,344.11     2,581,200.00                     –        –   19,338,147,288.15                 –




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025                    623
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        (III)       Long-term equity investments (Continued)

                                    2.            Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                    ✓      Applicable                 Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                        Increase/decrease for the period
                                                                                          Investment                                              Declared                                                   Closing
                                               Opening                                  gains/losses             Other                            and paid                                    Closing        balance
                                                Balance                  Reduction         confirmed    comprehensive               Other             cash     Provision                      Balance    of provision
                                               (carrying    Additional           of     under equity           income               equity     dividends or          for                     (carrying            for
      Investor Unit                             amount)     investment   investment          method        adjustment            changes            profits   impairment       Others         amount)    impairment


      I.      Joint ventures
              Subtotal                                 –             –            –                 –                –                     –              –            –            –                –             –


      II.     Associates
              CSCEC Foshan Joint
                 Investment Co., Ltd.      12,616,233.38             –            –     -1,764,438.26                –                     –              –            –            –    10,851,795.12              –
              Siping Integrated
                 Pipeline Construction
                 Co., Ltd.                222,103,904.21             –            –     -1,415,232.37                –                     –              –            –            –   220,688,671.84              –
              –Guangdong Utrust
                 Financial Leasing Co.,
                 Ltd.                     376,818,556.71             –            –      5,459,518.52                –                     –              –            –            –   382,278,075.23              –
              CRSC Tianshui Tram Co.,
                 Ltd.                     283,879,029.05             –            –     27,797,310.77                –                     –              –            –            –   311,676,339.82              –
              Shentie Signaling
                 (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd       33,950,079.34             –            –      7,431,501.52                –                     –              –            –            –    41,381,580.86              –


      Subtotal                            929,367,802.69             –            –     37,508,660.18                –                     –              –            –            –   966,876,462.87             –


      Total                               929,367,802.69             –            –     37,508,660.18                –                     –              –            –            –   966,876,462.87             –



                                    3.            Impairment test of long-term equity investment

                                                           Applicable      ✓          Not Applicable




624           China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB




XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (IV)   Revenue and costs of sales

          1.   Revenue and costs of sales

                ✓      Applicable         Not Applicable


                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                      Amount for the current period            Amount for the previous period
               Item                                        Revenue                    Cost          Revenue                 Cost


               Principal operations                1,482,573,835.96     1,403,768,023.04     2,135,149,111.05    2,052,087,790.72
               Other operations                     175,768,168.04         49,804,047.86      184,664,484.99        46,871,483.41


               Total                               1,658,342,004.00     1,453,572,070.90     2,319,813,596.04    2,098,959,274.13



          2.   Breakdown of revenue and costs of sales

                       Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


               Other explanation


                       Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


          3.   Details of performance obligation

                       Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


          4.   Explanation about allocation to the remaining performance obligations

                       Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable


          5.   Material Contract Modifications or Significant Transaction Price Adjustments

                       Applicable     ✓   Not Applicable




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          625
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XX. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’ S FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            (V)     Investment Income

                     ✓      Applicable        Not Applicable


                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                                             Amount for                  Amount for
                    Item                                                               the current period       the previous period


                    Income from long-term equity investments under the cost method      2,068,351,193.36            1,889,134,250.00
                    Income from long-term equity investments under the equity method       37,508,660.18              41,762,423.77
                    Interest income from debt investments during the holding period         7,687,018.65              11,364,993.67
                    Investment income from borrowing/loan                                 162,503,008.68             205,791,477.98


                    Total                                                               2,276,049,880.87            2,148,053,145.42



            (VI)    Others

                            Applicable   ✓    Not Applicable




626      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                                                        RMB




XXI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
   (一)   Statement of Non-recurring Gains and Losses for the Current Period

          ✓     Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


         Item                                                                                  Amount       Explanation


         Gains or losses on disposal of non-current assets, including the reversal of
           previously recognized impairment provisions                                    79,370,923.60
         Government grants recognized as income in the current profit or loss,
           except for those closely related to the Company’s normal operating
           activities, compliant with national policy regulations, received based
           on established criteria, and with a sustained impact on the Company’s
           financial statements                                                          217,994,020.95
         Except for effective hedging transactions related to the Company’s normal
           business operations, gains or losses arising from changes in the fair
           value of financial assets and financial liabilities held by non-financial
           enterprises, as well as gains or losses from the disposal of financial
           assets and financial liabilities                                                           –
         Funds occupancy fees from non-financial enterprises recognised in profit
           or loss                                                                                    –
         Gains or losses from entrusted investments or asset management                               –
         Gains or losses from externally entrusted loans                                              –
         Asset losses due to force majeure events, such as natural disasters                          –
         Reversal of impairment provision for receivables individually tested for
           impairment.                                                                        20,965.31
         Gain from acquiring a subsidiary, associate, or joint venture at a cost lower
           than the fair value of its identifiable net assets                                         –
         Net profit or loss of a subsidiary from the beginning of the period to the
           merger date in a business combination under common control                                 –
         Gains or losses from non-monetary asset exchanges                                            –
         Gains or losses from debt restructuring                                           2,176,982.45




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     627
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
      31 December 2025
      RMB




      XXI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            (I)     Statement of Non-recurring Gains and Losses for the Current Period (Continued)

                    Item                                                                                  Amount     Explanation


                    One-time expenses due to discontinued business operations, such as
                      employee resettlement costs                                                                –
                    One-time impact on current profits or losses due to changes in tax,
                      accounting, or other laws and regulations                                                  –
                    One-time share-based payment expenses due to the cancellation or
                      modification of an equity incentive plan                                                   –
                    Gains or losses from fair value changes in payable employee
                      compensation for cash-settled share-based payments after the vesting
                      date                                                                                       –
                    Gains or losses from fair value changes in investment property measured
                      at fair value                                                                              –
                    Gains from transactions with significantly unfair pricing                                    –
                    Gains or losses from contingencies unrelated to core business operations                     –
                    Trust management fees from entrusted operations                                              –
                    Other non-operating income and expenses apart from the aforesaid items           85,087,654.98
                    Other gain or loss items falling within the definition of extraordinary items                –
                    Less: Effect of income tax                                                       96,608,415.77
                    Effect of minority interest (after tax)                                          22,410,781.86


                    Total                                                                           265,631,349.66



                    Reasons shall be given with respect to items not listed but identified as significant non-recurring gain or loss
                    items in the Explanatory Notice on Information Disclosure of Companies with Public Offering No. 1-Non-recurring
                    Profit and Loss (《公 開 發 行 證 券 的 公 司 資 訊 披 露 解 釋 性 公 告 第1號–非 經 常 性 損 益》), as well as the Company
                    classifying the non-recurring profit and loss items defined and listed in the Explanatory Notice on Information
                    Disclosure of Companies with Public Offering No. 1-Non-recurring Profit and Loss (《公開發行證券的公司資訊披
                    露解釋性公告第1號–非經常性損益》) as recurring profit and loss items.


                            Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable


                    Other explanation


                            Applicable     ✓     Not Applicable




628      China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB




XXI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   (II)     Return on net assets and earnings per share

             ✓    Applicable          Not Applicable


                                                       Weighted average                 Earnings per share
            Profit for the                                    return on          Basic earnings         Diluted earnings
            Reporting Period                              net assets (%)              per share                per share


            Net profit attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Company                          7.53                     0.34                    0.34
            Net profit attributable to ordinary
              shareholders of the Company
              after deducting non-recurring
              profits and losses                                   6.99                     0.32                    0.32


   (III)    Differences in accounting data between domestic and overseas accounting
            standards

                  Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


   (IV)     Others

                  Applicable     ✓    Not Applicable


                                                                                                   Chairman: Lou Qiliang
                                                                     Date of Board Approval for Submission: 24 March 2026


   INFORMATION ON AMENDMENT


           Applicable    ✓     Not Applicable




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       629
      SECTION X                            FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY




      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
      Item                                                   2025                 2024                 2023                 2022                 2021


      Revenue                                    34,552,792,545.42    32,473,033,766.06    37,002,229,438.89    40,203,207,773.29    38,358,297,108.78
      Cost of sales                              24,573,291,774.15    22,985,410,426.71    27,521,352,667.70    30,680,741,586.09    29,846,875,671.34
      Taxes and surcharges                         284,076,479.75       281,850,359.93       256,690,986.90       241,534,607.36       253,686,656.86
      Selling and distribution expenses            865,531,112.10       851,578,354.01       843,995,580.46       812,111,306.78       796,771,857.42
      General and administrative expenses         2,427,134,552.82     2,388,915,418.98     2,335,834,136.35     2,289,994,474.16     2,116,982,019.27
      Research and development expenses           2,005,663,654.64     1,912,373,179.29     1,862,286,761.81     1,689,810,596.63     1,638,494,903.20
      Finance costs                                 -55,992,119.13      -236,406,851.53      -300,226,847.63      -237,983,529.30      -312,381,754.25
      Impairment losses on assets                    24,411,022.08       -22,109,209.59       -15,597,119.37        37,185,041.73        64,728,770.22
      Credit impairment losses                     -379,187,881.58      -324,105,898.50      -445,966,775.20      -594,320,058.29      195,496,554.50
      Investment income                            119,537,569.84       128,583,023.70       145,006,530.06       121,595,656.28       113,911,083.50
      Gain or loss on disposal of assets             79,370,923.60        42,198,751.70            63,696.54        29,599,933.66        35,949,376.07
      Other income                                 403,746,038.64       417,774,607.65       410,647,468.42       366,824,324.56       336,893,708.75
      Operating profit                            4,821,291,241.37     4,687,488,454.41     4,660,841,763.31     4,704,290,405.66     4,244,396,598.54
      Non-operating income                           97,626,443.24        55,836,270.00        39,131,903.49        48,280,889.32        44,826,898.06
      Non-operating expenses                         10,731,818.54        12,543,268.29         9,688,065.04         9,877,586.82        15,311,313.98
      Total profit                                4,908,185,866.07     4,730,781,456.12     4,690,285,601.76     4,742,693,708.16     4,273,912,182.62
      Income tax expense                           661,323,470.77       661,836,908.15       675,450,919.54       642,049,846.43       581,002,096.30
      Net profit                                  4,246,862,395.30     4,068,944,547.97     4,014,834,682.22     4,100,643,861.73     3,692,910,086.32
      Net profit attributable to shareholders
         of the parent company                    3,686,410,571.89     3,494,725,837.36     3,477,326,647.54     3,633,640,258.62     3,274,672,689.28
      Gain or loss of minority interests           560,451,823.41       574,218,710.61       537,508,034.68       467,003,603.11       418,237,397.04
      Basic earnings per share                                0.34                 0.32                 0.32                 0.33                 0.30
      Diluted earnings per share                              0.34                 0.32                 0.32                 0.33                 0.30



      TOTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Item                                                   2025                 2024                 2023                 2022                 2021


      Total assets                              118,321,690,651.90   117,890,875,515.13   118,990,487,731.74   116,806,544,483.88   108,942,588,838.30
      Total liabilities                          65,850,838,896.19    67,455,073,189.37    70,115,652,701.84    69,528,809,483.31    63,571,212,916.84
      Total equity attributable to owners of
         the Company                             52,470,851,755.71    50,435,802,325.76    48,874,835,029.90    47,277,735,000.57    45,371,375,921.46




630          China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited
