           8 OCTOBER 2021




For personal use only
           2021 FINANCIAL YEAR - ANNUAL REPORT

           Mineral Resources Limited (ASX:MIN) is pleased to provide the 2021 Financial Year (FY21) Annual Report.


           Printed copies are being mailed today to those Shareholders who have requested a printed copy.


           The FY21 Annual Report can also be downloaded from the Mineral Resources website at www.mrl.com.au.




           ENDS


           This announcement dated 8 October 2021 has been authorised for release to the ASX by Derek Oelofse,
           Company Secretary of Mineral Resources Limited.


           For further information, please contact:

           JAMES BRUCE                                                    PETER KLINGER
           Head of Investor Relations                                     Media Relations
           Mineral Resources Limited                                      Cannings Purple
           T: +61 8 9329 3607                                             T: +61 (0) 411 251 540
           E: james.bruce@mrl.com.au                                      E: pklinger@canningspurple.com.au


           About Mineral Resources
           Mineral Resources Limited (ASX: MIN) is a Perth-based leading mining services provider, with a particular focus on the
           iron ore and hard-rock lithium sectors in Western Australia. Using technical know-how and an innovative approach to
           deliver exceptional outcomes, Mineral Resources has become one of the ASX’s best-performing contractors since
           listing in 2006.
For personal use only


                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED

                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         OUR CONNECTION
                                                                                                                                                         Our business is all about discovery and, in the past year, we’ve discovered a great deal about ourselves, each




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                         other and the connections that bind us.
                                                                                                                                                         If 2020 was the year of isolation, at Mineral Resources Limited (MRL), 2021 has been a year of renewal and
                                                                                                                                                         reconnection. A time in which we have come to realise and appreciate just how connected and interdependent
                                                                                                                                                         we all are. Now, more than ever, we understand that without each other, machines, systems and technologies are
                                                                                                                                                         useless.
                                                                                                                                                         Having our colleagues and families around us, our stakeholders supporting us, our communities growing with us
                                                                                                                                                         and our environment nurturing us, are the most important connections in our lives.




                        CONNECTION
                                                                                                                                                         And because we value our connections so strongly, our interdependence is a source of great pride and fulfilment.
                                                                                                                                                         Knowing that we can rely on our colleagues, family, friends and the community is uplifting and empowering – and
                                                                                                                                                         having our colleagues, family, friends and community rely on us is humbling and motivating. It drives each of us to
                                                                                                                                                         look out for each other, and do our best, all the time.
                                                                                                                                                         The MRL family will look back on 2021 as the year we renewed, strengthened and valued our connections like
                                                                                                                                                         never before, and remember how powerfully it has affected our lives and our business.

                                                                                                                                                         CONNECTING WITH OUR PEOPLE

                        THIS YEAR IS DEDICATED TO THE                                                                                                    The leadership team at MRL has consciously engaged in a process of improving every aspect of the way we care
                                                                                                                                                         for the people who are at the heart of our Company. The events of 2020 helped us to further appreciate the

                        WELLBEING OF OUR PEOPLE,                                                                                                         importance and urgency of achieving our goals in this area.
                                                                                                                                                         The wellbeing of our team members is, in large part, dependent on the quality of their working and living spaces,
                        COMMUNITIES AND ENVIRONMENT.                                                                                                     and the role that workplace design plays in the health and wellness of our people has never been more evident.
                                                                                                                                                         That’s why in 2021 we made such encouraging progress in designing workspaces that enhance both the physical and
                                                                                                                                                         mental health of the people that use them by creating a safer, healthier, more pleasant and creative environment.
                                                                                                                                                         Our new headquarters in Osborne Park will set the standards for health and wellbeing, with a Platinum WELL v2
                                                                                                                                                         rating envisaged on completion. This means that the design incorporates features that will enhance the occupants’
                                                                                                                                                         mood, nutrition, fitness and work patterns, as well as deploying a range of energy saving measures.
                                                                                                                                                         In recognising that our remote workers are the most vulnerable in many ways, we’ve made significant inroads
                                                                                                                                                         into re-imagining their workplaces and living arrangements. Through the work we’ve undertaken in designing our
                                                                                                                                                         new headquarters, we are now rewriting the rule book when it comes to mining camp life. We’ve embarked on a
                                                                                                                                                         project to turn these living places into hometowns that genuinely rival holiday resorts for the quality and variety
                        The art shared with you throughout this report is a unique community collaboration between Aboriginal artists Aaron Hayden,      of facilities and amenities.
                        Edwin Lee Mulligan, Rebecca Morgan, Nathan Mundraby and Clifton Bieundurry, and photographer Russell James.
                        Together, they have created a collection of works that speak to social responsibility, environment, culture and our shared       Our aim is to revolutionise what “working space” means for everyone who works with us at MRL to enrich and
                        space. The original works will be proudly displayed at our new headquarters as a daily reminder to us all at Mineral Resources   reinforce the connection we all have to each other.
                        of the importance of partnership, community and mutual respect.
                        CONNECTING WITH OUR COMMUNITIES
                        Our activities affect many people across many communities and our recognition of the connection we all share




For personal use only
                        extends to everyone we cross paths with. We’re acutely focused on our connection with the local communities in
                        the areas we operate, as well as all of our stakeholder communities, and that shows in the progress made in 2021.
                        Cooperating and collaborating with our Indigenous peoples, who are the Traditional Custodians of the lands
                        where we work and live, has been one of our major priorities during the past year and will continue to be so into
                        the future.
                        Our newest mine site, opened in 2021 at Wonmunna, was purchased in late 2020. We were able to negotiate a
                        mutually beneficial arrangement with the tenement owners in record speed, and to be actively working with the
                        Traditional Owners to protect their cultural heritage and, together, identify opportunities. This is a source of pride
                        and a model for how we intend to proceed going forward.
                        During the past year, in our broader community we were pleased to considerably step up our sponsorship and
                        philanthropic activities, reflecting the success that we had as a company. We helped sustain local organisations
                        who assist in improving the health and wellbeing of the more vulnerable in our society. We supported mental
                        health initiatives, medical research and equipment and recreational and arts activities across Western Australia.
                        We also provided much-needed funding for crisis centres who have experienced an increase in demand during
                        the challenges of the past year brought about by the pandemic.
                        Communicating with one of our most important communities – our shareholders – has been crucial in ensuring that
                        we were able to navigate the complexities of 2020 and continue to fully engage during the period of expansion
                        and success that 2021 has brought. The insights, advice and support of our shareholders has helped to guide us
                        through these challenging times. Maintaining our continued connection will remain a focus in years to come.

                        CONNECTING WITH OUR ENVIRONMENT
                        Understanding our connection with the planet we share and the impact our activities can have on the environment,
                        forms a key part of our planning for the future. Our goal is to find smarter, cleaner and more sustainable ways to
                        operate, with a goal of attaining net zero emissions by 2050.
                        A roadmap to this goal has been developed and explained in our 2021 Sustainability Report, including our progress
                        towards the milestone of eliminating diesel usage. We are working on a range of alternative fuels including LNG,
                        natural gas, solar and wind power, and we’re making encouraging advances.
                        Ultimately, we believe we can achieve zero emissions sooner than the target date of 2050, and our investment in
                        the search for alternative fuels and the adoption of emerging technologies is significant.
                        We encourage all of our people to explore new ideas and opportunities and continually review our environmental
                        management policies to seek and empower innovation in this vital area.
                        Our world shifted in 2020 and we found new ways to connect – with our people, our communities and the
                        environment we live in. As a proud Western Australian company, we will continue to connect with our communities
                        to ensure we contribute positively to society and the world around us.
                        CONTENTS                                                                                                               WHO WE ARE     VISION
                                                                                                                                                              To be recognised as a great Australian

                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              company and a leading provider of
                                                                                                                                                              innovative and sustainable mining
                        CHAIR’S REVIEW                                                    1
                                                                                                Mineral Resources Limited                                     services and mining operations.
                        MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT
                        MINERAL RESOURCES AT A GLANCE
                                                                                          3
                                                                                          7
                                                                                                acknowledges the Traditional
                                                                                                                                      IS AN INNOVATIVE AND    PURPOSE
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW
                         MINING SERVICES
                                                                                       13
                                                                                       15       Custodians and their Ancestors
                                                                                                                                  LEADING MINING SERVICES     To provide innovative and low-cost
                                                                                                                                                              solutions across the mining infrastructure
                         COMMODITIES
                        FINANCIAL REVIEW
                                                                                       20
                                                                                       25       of the lands across Australia
                                                                                                                                           COMPANY, WITH A    supply chain by operating with integrity
                                                                                                                                                              and respect, working in partnership with


                                                                                                                                    GROWING WORLD-CLASS
                                                                                                                                                              our clients, our customers, our people
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW                                          29                                                                     and our community.
                         HEALTH AND SAFETY                                             33       where we conduct our business.
                         PEOPLE
                         ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                       36
                                                                                       37       MRL recognises and acknowledges
                                                                                                                                     PORTFOLIO OF MINING      OUR VALUES

                         CLIMATE CHANGE                                                41
                                                                                                the Traditional Custodians’
                                                                                                                                        OPERATIONS ACROSS     AGILE
                                                                                                                                                              •	You won’t hear “I don’t know” or

                                                                                                                                    MULTIPLE COMMODITIES,
                         SOCIAL                                                        44
                                                                                                                                                                 “I can’t” very often at MRL. We
                        ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT – 30 JUNE 2021                         47                                                                        employ the best in the business to
                                                                                                connection to Country and pays                                   keep us moving forward.

                                                                                                                                        INCLUDING IRON ORE
                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                             49
                         REMUNERATION REPORT                                           57                                                                     •	We act fast and seize opportunities.

                                                                                                our respects to their Elders
                                                                                                                                               AND LITHIUM.
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                          93                                                                     •	We think differently.

                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                                              FAMILY
                        AND CORPORATE DIRECTORY                                       165       and Leaders past, present and
                        ARTIST BIOGRAPHIES                                            171                                                                     •	We show up for each other and have
                                                                                                                                                                  each other’s backs.
                        A YEAR IN PICTURES                                            173       emerging.                                                     •	We care for each other and the world
                                                                                                                                                                 around us.
                        ABOUT THIS REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              •	We celebrate our differences
                        This annual report is a summary of Mineral Resources Limited’s                                                                            because they make us stronger.
                        operations and financial results for the financial year ended 30 June                                                                 •	Above all else, we are family.
                        2021. All references to ‘Mineral Resources’, ‘MRL’, ‘the Company’,
                        ‘the Group’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refer to Mineral Resources Limited
                        (ABN 33 118 549 910) and the entities it controlled, unless otherwise                                                                 ACHIEVE
                        stated.
                                                                                                                                                              •	Every person in our business
                        References in this report to a ‘year’ are to the financial year                                                                           contributes to our success.


                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES
                        ended 30 June 2021 unless otherwise stated. All dollar figures
                                                                                                                                                              •	We do challenging work and we
                        are expressed in Australian dollars (AUD) unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                                                                                  achieve incredible things.
                        All references to ‘Indigenous’ people are intended to include
                        Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander people.                                                                                      •	We have the courage to take on the

                        Photography by Russell James. Creative direction by Ali Franco.                                                   WE’RE DIFFERENT         impossible and the passion to make
                                                                                                                                                                  it happen.
                        CHAIR'S REVIEW                                                        CHAIR'S REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        ON BEHALF OF THE                                                      Iron ore prices remained higher for
                                                                                              longer than anyone had anticipated and
                                                                                              any business that was able to maximise

                        BOARD, IT GIVES ME




For personal use only
                                                                                              production – as MRL did – was generously
                                                                                              rewarded during FY21. But we have been
                                                                                              around for long enough to appreciate that

                        GREAT PLEASURE                                                        commodities operate in cycles so we are
                                                                                              far from complacent. While iron ore prices
                                                                                              are strong, the lithium market remained

                        TO PRESENT THE                                                        weak, in part because of COVID-19 sparking
                                                                                              economic turmoil. Pleasingly, lithium prices



                        ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                              are on the rise as we enter FY22 and there
                                                                                              is no denying that this second coming of
                                                                                              the battery minerals surge will be more         management, mergers and acquisitions           I am also delighted that the Company
                                                                                              sustained. MRL is perfectly positioned          and sustainability. Susie is a Member of the   continues to invest heavily in the next
                                             This has been an extraordinary year. When

                        FOR THE 2021                                                          because of our world-class portfolio of         Audit and Risk Committee, the Nominations      generation of MRL employees, whether
                                             I wrote to you this time last year, we had                                                       Committee and the Remuneration                 they be apprentices, graduates or trainees,
                                             just devised plans to successfully deal with     lithium assets that will soon include our
                                                                                              share of the Kemerton lithium hydroxide         Committee.                                     and it is rewarding to see so many second-
                                             the onset of COVID-19. Twelve months

                        FINANCIAL YEAR.                                                       operation.                                                                                     generation MRL employees joining our
                                             on, it is clear the pandemic is yet to run its                                                   Your Board has spent a considerable
                                                                                                                                                                                             Company. At a time of tightening labour
                                             full course and that the threat of this virus    Another year of strong growth for our           amount of time in the past year overseeing
                                                                                                                                                                                             markets, attracting and retaining the best
                                             remains real and dangerous.                      Mining Services division, which is at the       the Company’s sustainability strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                                             talent is crucial to MRL’s future successes.
                                                                                              core of MRL, and record iron ore production     culminating in the announcement in
                                             The fact our Company has been able to                                                            February that MRL would target a position      The global economic outlook remains
                                             continue to operate – without needing to         were the standout drivers that allowed the
                                                                                              Company to report a 76 per cent jump in         of net zero emissions by 2050. I urge you      uncertain. The pandemic and continued
                                             shut a single mine site or operation – and                                                       to read our Sustainability Report, which       geopolitical tensions, including again in the
                                             keep more than 5,000 people employed,            revenue to $3.7 billion for an underlying net
                                                                                              profit after tax of $1.1 billion, up 230 per    provides more detail on our pathway            Middle East, pose significant challenges for
                                             is a tremendous achievement. Full credit                                                         to achieving this important target. The        businesses worldwide. At MRL, we remain
                                             must go to our Managing Director,                cent. Our balance sheet remains strong and
                                                                                              provides us with the necessary flexibility,     Company is already heavily engaged in          focused on what we can control, being
                                             Chris Ellison, and his leadership team, as                                                       reducing its carbon footprint through          the best at what we do and abiding by our
                                             well as the entire MRL family for their united   notwithstanding the significant capital
                                                                                              investments the Company made in FY21.           the removal of diesel, the adoption of         purpose.
                                             and dedicated approach.                                                                          renewable energy and the use of innovation
                                                                                              Your Board declared a final fully franked                                                      FY21 has truly been a year like no other.
                                             I also want to acknowledge the mental                                                            and technology. This is an exciting journey
                                                                                              dividend of $1.75 per share. The final                                                         I sincerely thank my fellow Directors for their
                                             health impact felt across our business                                                           for MRL and one we are confident we can
                                                                                              dividend is in addition to the $1 per share                                                    efforts, dedication and commitment during
                                             because of the pandemic. State border                                                            complete successfully alongside delivering
                                                                                              interim dividend that was paid on 9 March.                                                     these uncertain times.
                                             closures experienced across the country                                                          operational and financial growth.
                                             due to COVID-19 outbreaks have caused            Following payment of the FY21 final                                                            On behalf of the Board, I also extend my
                                                                                                                                              During the year MRL also released its
                                             employees to be separated from their             dividend, the total dividends paid to MRL                                                      gratitude to Chris and his leadership team
                                                                                                                                              maiden Modern Slavery Statement and
                                             families for longer periods and the resulting    shareholders since the Company listed on                                                       for delivering such an outstanding outcome
                                                                                                                                              the Board approved our first Reconciliation
                                             changes have impacted the daily lives,           the ASX in 2006 at 90¢ a share will amount                                                     for MRL, our people and our shareholders.
                                                                                                                                              Action Plan (RAP), which has been
                                             of our FIFO workforce in particular. I am        to $8.56 per share. MRL’s total shareholder     submitted to Reconciliation Australia. Our     The pandemic may prevent me from
                                             pleased that MRL has stepped up its focus        return over the past 10 years alone has been    roadmap to net zero emissions, Modern          attending the AGM in November in person.
                                             on the wellbeing of its workforce, especially    tracking at a compound annual growth rate       Slavery Statement and the RAP are key          If that is the case, I look forward to meeting
                                             during these difficult times.                    of 24 per cent, underlining how serious         elements of MRL’s sustainability journey.      you virtually and providing further updates
                                             As challenging and impacting as COVID-19         your Company takes its role as guardians of     They align with our approach of connecting     on our Company.
                                             continues to be, the market conditions           shareholder funds.                              with our stakeholders and the world around
                                             for our business were exceptional and            In January, we welcomed Susie Corlett to        us by putting safety and wellbeing at the
                                             allowed MRL to reap early rewards for the        the Board as a Non-Executive Director.          forefront of all we do, working together to
                                             investments made during the past several         Susie, a geologist by profession, has           achieve great outcomes and caring for and
                                             years to build 20 to 50-year operating           strengthened and diversified the Board’s        respecting our people, the environment
                                             horizons.                                                                                        and the communities in which we operate.       Peter Wade
                                                                                              experience in a number of key areas
                                                                                                                                                                                             Chair
                                                                                              including strategy and growth, risk




                                                                                                                                                                                             MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 2
                        MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT                                                    MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        THIS HAS BEEN AN
                                                                                                      a new benchmark in workplace wellness              The FY21 results did not fully reflect the     responsible and sustainable success.
                                                                                                      and we will also incorporate many of the           strong performance of the Mt Marion
                                                                                                                                                                                                        During FY21, we became a signatory to the
                                                                                                      wellness features into our accommodation           lithium mine, which we own 50-50 with, and
                                                                                                                                                                                                        United Nations Global Compact (UNGC),

                        OUTSTANDING YEAR,
                                                                                                      villages on our mine sites.                        operate on behalf of, our partner Ganfeng




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                        a voluntary initiative focused on corporate
                                                                                                                                                         Lithium. Lithium prices have been weak but
                                                                                                      This heavy investment in, and for, our                                                            sustainability, affirming our commitment to


                        HIGHLIGHTED BY
                                                                                                                                                         we kept Mt Marion running and profitably
                                                                                                      people – our most important asset – has                                                           the Ten Principles. We continue to support
                                                                                                                                                         delivered a record 485,000 tonnes of
                                                                                                      underpinned another record operational                                                            the UNGC and remain committed to the
                                                                                                                                                         high-quality spodumene concentrate, up
                                                                                                      and financial performance for MRL.                                                                initiative and its principles.



                        A RECORD PROFIT.
                                                                                                                                                         23 per cent year-on-year. Mt Marion is
                                                                                                      MRL’s underlying EBITDA was $1.9 billion,          probably the only hard-rock lithium mine       Sustainability for MRL is not just about
                                                                                                      up 148 per cent, operating cash flows were         in Australia that has been running at 100      making sure we look after our environment.
                                                                                                      $1.3 billion, up $714 million on FY20, and         per cent capacity, which leaves us well        We are also investing heavily in the


                        BUT IT HAS ALSO BEEN
                                                                                                      we ended the financial year with cash of           placed in FY22 as lithium prices rise again.   communities in which we operate through
                                                                                                      $1.5 billion, roughly in line with FY20. We        The Kemerton lithium hydroxide plant,          the creation of jobs, local spending and
                                                                                                      invested $745 million during the year, with        constructed by Albemarle Corporation on        paying taxes and royalties.
                                                     MRL remains focused on protecting the            a substantial component supporting a

                        A CHALLENGING
                                                                                                                                                         behalf of the MARBL JV, remains on track
                                                     jobs and health of our people during the                                                                                                           In FY21 we spent almost $1.3 billion in the
                                                                                                      number of exciting and significant growth          for mechanical completion by the end of
                                                     threat created by the global pandemic.                                                                                                             Western Australian economy and paid
                                                                                                      opportunities created by the business.             this calendar year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        $693 million in taxes and royalties. We also
                                                                                                      Our return on invested capital continued

                        12 MONTHS AS WE
                                                     Since we introduced world-class,                                                                    On the energy front, MRL increased its         invested in our young people, employing
                                                     gold-standard PCR COVID-19 swab testing          to remain strong at 38.6 per cent despite
                                                                                                                                                         exploration footprint, acquiring additional    130 apprentices, trainees and graduates
                                                     into our fit-for-work regime last year, we       the significant investment we made in our
                                                                                                                                                         exploration permits. We are now the largest    during the year who will be part of the next
                                                                                                      business.

                        NAVIGATED A WORLD
                                                     have carried out more than 110,000 tests                                                            acreage holder in the Perth Basin and in the   generation of MRL employees.
                                                     through our screening facilities - for our       Volumes in our Mining Services business            onshore Carnarvon Basin. We commenced
                                                     people, for over 60 other resource sector                                                                                                          FY21 was the best year in MRL’s history.
                                                                                                      were up 20 per cent for the year and               our maiden drilling program in the Perth
                                                                                                                                                                                                        It has not been easy as we continued to

                        IN WHICH THE
                                                     companies and, when requested, on behalf         margins remained strong. MRL started life          Basin at the start of FY22 as part of our
                                                     of the State Government. COVID-19 will                                                                                                             navigate the challenges that COVID-19
                                                                                                      as a mining services organisation and the          strategy to secure our own natural gas
                                                     be with us for years to come and MRL is                                                                                                            brought our way, but we have managed to
                                                                                                      capability and know-how remain in our              supplies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        achieve an outstanding result that is a credit

                        PANDEMIC WAS
                                                     committed to doing everything possible,          DNA. During the year we were successful
                                                     including participating in the vaccine rollout                                                      We made significant progress on the            to the amazing people in our business.
                                                                                                      in winning new contracts and had multiple
                                                     as soon as regulators permit, to keep                                                               Ashburton Hub and the South West Creek
                                                                                                      contracts renewed. Our customers value our                                                        MRL has started FY22 with a sense of
                                                                                                                                                         Hub projects in line with MRL’s ambition

                        AFFECTING US
                                                     COVID-19 out of our business.                    ability to deliver safely and efficiently on our                                                  optimism and energy. Our growth plans
                                                                                                                                                         to substantially grow the size of our iron
                                                     MRL takes great pride in being an industry       promise.                                                                                          are ambitious, and while the threat of
                                                                                                                                                         ore business. Innovation will drive these
                                                     leader in workplace safety. In the past year,                                                                                                      COVID-19 remains ever-present, I have full
                                                                                                      MRL was able to deliver additional tonnes          growth projects and, during the year, MRL

                        DAILY.
                                                     our Total Recordable Injury Frequency                                                                                                              confidence in the MRL family to achieve
                                                                                                      of iron ore into a strong market because of        made great strides in this area, including
                                                     Rate fell to 2.31, which is a 30 per cent                                                                                                          our goals.
                                                                                                      the solid investments we have made in the          delivering the first 15 million-tonne-a-year
                                                     improvement compared to FY20. This is an         preceding years. MRL shipped a record              NextGen 2 plant to a key client in the         I thank the MRL Board for their guidance
                                                     outstanding result, given we added more          17.3 million tonnes in FY21, an increase           Pilbara and introducing our 320-tonne iron     and support during another exceptional
                                                     than 1,500 people to our workforce during        of 23 per cent on the prior year. In the           ore road trains, developed in collaboration    year that has not been without its
                                                     the course of the year to support and            September quarter, we acquired a new               with Kenworth in the Yilgarn. I look forward   challenges, as well as my leadership team
                                                     deliver significant growth in our business.      deposit in the Pilbara region called               to discussing the progress of our growth       for their commitment and each and every
                                                     Caring for our people is not just about          Wonmunna and, following an incredible              projects in more detail at MRL’s AGM in        one of MRL’s people for helping deliver
                                                     ensuring a physically safe workplace but         performance by our Mining Services and             November.                                      outstanding value for all shareholders.
                                                     also looking after their mental wellbeing.       Commodities teams, we celebrated first
                                                                                                                                                         In February, MRL announced a target of net
                                                     Our aim is to make mental health as equally      production at the site in March. Initially
                                                                                                                                                         zero emissions by 2050. I am confident MRL
                                                     important as physical health. We have            approved as a 5 million tonne per annum
                                                                                                                                                         will get there sooner. In the past year, we
                                                     more than 40 nurses on our payroll and           operation, we now have approval to
                                                                                                                                                         reduced our emissions intensity by 5 per
                                                     are building up our internal capabilities,       operate the mine at up to 10 million tonnes
                                                                                                                                                         cent. We are developing a transition plan
                                                     which has seen 50 of our people trained as       per annum to provide for future growth.
                                                                                                                                                         to a low-carbon future, which will see us      Chris Ellison
                                                     mental health first-responders through our       Our Yilgarn iron ore business, centred             replacing diesel with gas and, increasingly,   Managing Director
                                                     Lifeline WA partnership. A further 700 have      on the Koolyanobbing operation, again              renewable energy and clean fuels for
                                                     completed mental health literacy modules.        performed extremely well by shipping               power generation, road transport and
                                                     Our head office in Osborne Park will set         10.5 million tonnes.                               mining equipment, all aimed at delivering




                                                                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 4
                        MRL’S




For personal use only
                        CONSISTENTLY
                        STRONG
                        PERFORMANCE
                        HAS DELIVERED
                        RECORD
                        RETURNS FOR
                        SHAREHOLDERS
                        Collaborative art by Clifton Bieundurry.
                        Photography by Russell James.
                                                                           MRL AT A GLANCE: WHERE WE OPERATE
                                                                                                                                          WESTERN AUSTRALIA


                                                                                                                        GERALDTON




For personal use only
                                                                              KEY

                                                                                MRL IRON ORE

                                                                                MRL LITHIUM
                                                                                                                                UTAH POINT     KOOLYANOBBING
                                                                                CSI MINING SERVICES                             SOUTH WEST CREEK
                                                                                                                                                                      KALGOORLIE




                                                                                                                                                                                                            NORTHERN TERRITORY
                                                                                                                                              PORT HEDLAND
                                                                                MRL GAS PERMITS

                                                                                RAIL LINE
                                                                                                               ONSLOW
                                                                                                                             PERTH              PARKER
                                                                                                                                               RANGE
                                                                                                                                              WODGINA
                                                                                                                                                                MT MARION




                        MINERAL
                                                                                ROAD                                         KWINANA
                                                                                                                BUNGAROO     KUMINA
                                                                                                                   SOUTH
                                                                                SEA PORT                                               IRON
                                                                                                                               KEMERTON
                                                                                                                        TOM PRICE  VALLEY           MARILLANA
                                                                                OFFICE/WORKSHOP                                                     OPHTHALMIA
                                                                                                                                                                         ESPERANCE
                                                                                                                                                    NEWMAN




                        RESOURCES
                                                                                MRL DEVELOPMENT PROJECT                                WONMUNNA

                                                                                TOWN




                        AT A GLANCE
                                                                                                                                      WESTERN AUSTRALIA


                                                                                                                                                                                                            SOUTH AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                                    GERALDTON
                                                                                    KEY

                                                                                       MRL IRON ORE

                                                                                       MRL LITHIUM
                                                                                                                                          KOOLYANOBBING
                                                                                       CSI MINING SERVICES
                                                                                                                                                            KALGOORLIE
                                                                                       MRL GAS PERMITS

                                                                                       RAIL LINE
                                                                                                                           PERTH          PARKER
                                                                                                                                          RANGE
                                                                                                                                                        MT MARION
                                                                                       ROAD                                KWINANA
                        MAKING TRACKS                                                  SEA PORT
                                                                                                                            KEMERTON
                        From the ancient to the new – making tracks in                 OFFICE/WORKSHOP
                        the Pindan.                                                                                                                            ESPERANCE
                                                                                     MRL DEVELOPMENT PROJECT
                        Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        Photography by Russell James.                                TOWN




                        7 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 8
                                 MRL AT A GLANCE: FINANCIAL HISTORY




                                                                                                                                                                                 SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE                                                                                                                                                                DELIVERING A DECADE OF STRONG FINANCIAL RETURNS
                                                                                                                                                                   TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS - 5 YEARS TO 30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                             900                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Summary
                                                                                             800                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ($millions unless otherwise
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        20121 2013 2014 20152 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                             700                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            stated)
                                                                                             600
                                                                                             500                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            EARNINGS

                                 TRACK RECORD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    FY21
                                                                                             400
                                                                                             300
                                                                                             200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Revenue                                        926 1,097 1,899 1,299 1,178                     1,458 1,624 1,512             2,125 3,734

                                 SNAPSHOT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SNAPSHOT
                                                                                             100
                                                                                               0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            EBITDA                                         297       383       554       283       278       473       575       386     2,006 2,183

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            NPAT                                           177       180       231        78       -26       201       272       165     1,002 1,268
                                                                                                        Jul 2016      Oct 2016    Jan 2017   Apr 2017   Jul 2017      Oct 2017    Jan 2018      Apr 2018   Jul 2018      Oct 2018    Jan 2019      Apr 2019    Jul 2019      Oct 2019     Jan 2020   Apr 2020   Jul 2020      Oct 2020    Jan 2021    Apr 2021


                                                                                                                                                                                       ASX 300 Resources                                           ASX 300                                MRL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Return on Revenue %                           19%       16%       12%         6%      -2%       14%       17%       11%       47%       34%
                                 TSR GROWTH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Return on Equity %                            19%       18%       20%         7%      -3%       18%       21%       12%       44%       39%                  OPERATING CASH FLOW


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $1.3bn
                                 OUTPERFORMS PEERS


                                 32% P.A.
                                                                                                                                                        CUMULATIVE RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS                                                                                                                                                                                  Diluted EPS (cents/share)                    95.82 97.37 124.1 41.52 -13.31 107.66 145.3 87.09 532.96 673.18
                                                                                                                                                                                               GROWTH IN DIVIDENDS ($B)
                                                                                                 $3.5
                                                                                                 $3.0
                                                                                                 $2.5
                                 SINCE LISTING                                                   $2.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       BALANCE SHEET                                                                                                                                                            $714m on FY20
                                                                                                 $1.5
                                                                                                 $1.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Total Assets                                 1,436 1,804 1,858 1,592 1,618                     1,835 2,085 3,161             4,631 5,853
                                                                                                   $-
                                                                                                -$0.5
                                 A DECADE OF CONSISTENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Total Equity                                   917 1,018 1,139 1,082 1,009                     1,132 1,305 1,380             2,296 3,246



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $1.5bn
                                                                                                -$1.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CASH
                                 DIVIDEND GROWTH


                                 20% P.A.
                                                                                                -$1.5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Net tangible assets per share
                                                                                                              2012                      2013                       2014                      2015                      2016                        2017                      2018                     2019                         2020                          2021                                                     4.55      5.08      5.75      5.44      5.14      5.64      6.58      6.89     11.78 16.55
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ($/share)
                                                                                                                                   Net (Debt)/Cash                                                Invested Capital                                                 Dividends Declared - since listing


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $20.3m on FY20
                                 FULLY FRANKED                                                                                                            RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL AFTER TAX                                                                                                                                                                              CASH GENERATION
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SINCE LISTING
                                                                                           60%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Operating Cash Flow                            243       329       567        52       316       296       411       186       595 1,309
                                                                                           50%
                                 RETURN ON INVESTED                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Net (Debt)/Cash                               -111      -310        81       118       188       104          1     -897       231       280                     UNDERLYING EBITDA



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $1.9bn
                                                                                           40%
                                 CAPITAL AFTER TAX


                                 22.8%
                                                                                           30%
                                                                                           20%
                                                                                           10%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              MARKET CAPITALISATION
                                                                                               0%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     148% on FY20
                                 SINCE LISTING1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Number of shares on issue                      185       186       187       188       187       187       188       188       188       189
                                                                                         -10%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (millions)
                                                                                                                   2007          2008        2009                  2010          2011           2012                  2013          2014            2015                  2016           2017        2018                  2019          2020         2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Share price at 30 June ($/share)3             8.95      8.25      9.59        6.6     8.31     10.85        16 14.98         21.17 53.73
                                                                                                                                                                                              4 yr Rolling Ave ROIC                                           Annual ROIC
                                 CONSERVATIVELY GEARED                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      REVENUE



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $3.7bn
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Market Capitalisation                       1,654 1,534 1,789 1,238 1,553                      2,033 3,003 2,818             3,990 10,141
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                                 NET CASH                                                                                                                                                    CONSERVATIVELY GEARED


                                 $280.1m
                                                                                                     $2,000
                                                                                                     $1,500                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        76% on FY20
                                                                                                     $1,000                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total Shareholder Return                      9.31      9.07 11.03          8.44 10.38         13.34 19.07 18.58             25.31 59.64
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (cumulative) ($/share)
                                                                                         $ million
                                                                                                      $500
                        1
                            Rolling Average Return on Invested Capital from FY07-FY21.
                                                                                                            $-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Dividends declared (cents/share)                 46       48        62      22.5      29.5         54       65        44       100       275
                                                                                                     $(500)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2012 Financial Year NPAT and Earnings Per Share exclude the Deferred Tax Asset arising on the introduction of Minerals Resource Rent Tax (MRRT). 		
                                                                                              $(1,000)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    NPAT for the 2012 Financial Year would be $242 million and Diluted EPS 131.1c/share if the impact of MRRT were to be included.
                                                                                                                          FY11               FY12                   FY13                     FY14               FY15                 FY16                     FY17                      FY18              FY19                FY20                   FY21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2015 Financial Year NPAT and Earnings Per Share exclude the impact of the reversal of Deferred Tax Asset on the abolition of the Minerals Resource
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rent Tax (MRRT). NPAT for the 2015 Financial Year would be $13 million and Diluted EPS 6.85c/share if the impact of MRRT were to be included.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Net (Debt)/Cash                                          EBITDA (Underlying)                                                                                                     3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Total Shareholder Return is calculated as the cumulative share price appreciation and dividends paid per share since listing.




                                 9 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 10
                        MRL AT A GLANCE: VALUE CREATION




                        INPUTS                                                       VALUE CREATION BUSINESS MODEL                                                                                  FY21 OUTPUTS           FY21 OUTCOMES




For personal use only
                        HUMAN CAPITAL:                                                                                                                                                                                     HUMAN CAPITAL
                        Our employees and contractors                                LEVERAGING OFF OUR EXISTING FOOTPRINT,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    TOTAL MATERIAL MOVED


                                                                                                                                                                                                    131.6Mt
                        (5,000+ as at 30 June 2021) which                            INFRASTRUCTURE AND SKILL SET, WE HAVE BUILT                                                                                           TRIFR                                                        2.31
                        provide the skills, experience and
                        knowledge required to undertake
                                                                                     A STRONG AND DIVERSIFIED PORTFOLIO IN                                                                                                 LTIFR                                                        0.12

                        our business activities.                                     MINING SERVICES AND MINING OPERATIONS,                                                                                                Employee wages and benefits paid                             $479.9m
                                                                                     PROVIDING LONG-TERM SUSTAINABLE GROWTH,                                                                                               Overall female representation                                16.98%
                                                                                     WITH 20-50 YEAR BUSINESS HORIZONS.                                                                                                    Graduates, Apprentices and Trainees                          130
                        NATURAL CAPITAL:                                                                                                                                                            IRON ORE PRODUCTION


                                                                                                                                                                                                    19.5Mt
                        The natural resources such as water by us                    We achieve this by:
                        to land, materials and energy required to                                                                                                                                                          NATURAL CAPITAL
                        undertake our business activities.                           •    Targeting stranded deposits and partnering with junior miners                                                                    Energy consumption                                           4,359,773GJ
                                                                                     •    Acquiring a project stake and developing it at the lowest cost in an                                                             Solar energy generation                                      3,462GJ
                        SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL:                                  expedited time-frame
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions                                    298,336tCO2e
                                                                                                                                                                                                    SPODUMENE PRODUCTION


                                                                                                                                                                                                    485kt
                        The relationships we have with
                                                                                     •    Optimising the mine plan, increasing efficiency and maximising profitability
                        communities, government agencies                                                                                                                                                                   Total material moved                                         131,565Mt
                        and other stakeholders, as well as our                       •    Monetising the asset and divesting for maximum capital gain                                                                      Rehabilitated land                                           1,220ha
                        reputation and brand that are essential
                        to our social licence to operate and the                     •    Retaining the life-of-mine, build-own-operate mining services contracts
                        long-term sustainability of our business.                                                                                                                                                          SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                                    MINING SERVICES
                                                                                                             MINE                                                                                                          Community contributions                                      $5.25m
                                                                                                                                                                                                    VOLUME INCREASE


                                                                                                                                                                                                    20%
                                                                                                      DEVELOPMENT
                        FINANCIAL CAPITAL:                                                                                                                                                                                 Suppliers screened for Modern Slavery                        15
                        The pool of funds provided by                                                                                                                                                                      Payment to Federal, State and local governments              $693m
                        shareholders, bondholders and banks,
                        or generated through investments and
                        operations that are required to undertake                                                                     P E R AT E - B                                                                       FINANCIAL CAPITAL
                        our business activities.
                                                                                                                                 -O                    UI                                           REDUCTION IN GHG
                                                                                                                             N                              L
                                                                                                                                                                                                    EMISSIONS INTENSITY


                                                                                                                                                                                                    5%
                                                                             LOGISTICS                                                                                                                                     Underlying net profit after tax                              $1,103m
                                                                            RAIL, ROAD,                             W                                       D
                                                                                                                O                                                                          MINING
                                                                                   PORT                                      MINING SERVICES                    -O                                                         Share price                                                  $53.73



                                                                                                           E - BUILD -
                        MANUFACTURED CAPITAL:                                                                                                                                                                              Dividends                                                    $2.75


                                                                                                                                                                W N - OPERA
                        The manufactured tangible objects                                                                     MRL provides full
                                                                                                                            pit-to-port solutions,
                        such as buildings, plant, equipment
                                                                                                                         with the aim to continually                                                                       MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
                        and infrastructure that are required to
                                                                                                                                                                                                    COVID-19 SCREENINGS


                                                                                                                                                                                                    84,207
                                                                                                                          improve efficiency and,
                        undertake our business activities.                                                                  ultimately, its return                                                                         Capital expenditure                                          $745m
                                                                                                                  T
                                                                                                               RA                 on capital.
                                                                                                                         E                                      TE                                                         Mines owned/operated                                         5
                        INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL:                                                                            P
                                                                                                                             N-                        -B                                                                  Crushing & processing operating plants                       26
                        Intangible aspects such as intellectual                                                                 O     D - OW    UIL
                        property, organisational knowledge,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    RETURN ON INVESTED     INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                        systems and processes required to                              FACILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                              CRUSHING,
                                                                               VILLAGES, UTILITIES,                                                                                                 CAPITAL (ROIC)


                                                                                                                                                                                                    38.6%
                        undertake our business activities.                               AIRPORTS                                                                             SCREENING,                                   NextGen 2 modular crushing plant                             5Mtpa-30Mtpa
                                                                                                                                                                              PROCESSING
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Spodumene concentrate processing                             1.15Mtpa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Kemerton lithium hydroxide                                   50ktpa capacity




                        11 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                    MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 12
For personal use only
                        OPERATIONAL
                        REVIEW

                        THE SHED
                        The metal corrugations of the workshop remind me of
                        patterns I see on my country, the land, wind and sea
                        moving together. Our worlds are often like a water
                        reflection of each other and that has inspired this
                        art work.
                        Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        13 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - MINING SERVICES




                        MINERAL RESOURCES
                                                               MRL has a track record of delivering
                                                               world-class mining services and innovative
                                                               pit-to-port solutions, continually improving


                        IS A LEADING




For personal use only
                                                               operational efficiencies and generating a
                                                               highly favourable return on investment.
                                                               The experience gained through MRL’s


                        PROVIDER OF
                                                               mining services business over three decades
                                                               has enabled MRL to successfully develop



                        INNOVATIVE AND
                                                               and operate long-life commodity projects.
                                                               MRL is committed to creating long-term,
                                                               diverse annuity earnings through the mining


                        SUSTAINABLE
                                                               services business and mining operations.
                                                               Spanning multiple commodities across
                                                               different geographical locations, MRL
                                                               provides mining services to a range of

                        MINING SERVICES                        major Tier 1 mining companies throughout
                                                               Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
                                                                                                                hire and maintenance, tails recovery,          commodity projects. This creates a pipeline       MRL’s operational crushing and processing


                        AND OPERATOR OF
                                                               MRL also has ownership in and operates           aggregate crushing and mine design,            of future work for MRL’s mining services          sites. The Workshop, combined with MRL’s
                                                               mines in the Pilbara and Yilgarn regions,        engineering and construction.                  business.                                         Asset Management Group, services remote
                                                               shipping product through Utah Point                                                                                                               operations throughout Western Australia,
                                                                                                                During FY21, CSI’s experienced                 With Australia’s largest inventory of crushing

                        A PORTFOLIO OF
                                                               (Port Hedland), the Port of Esperance and                                                                                                         for both MRL-owned and operated sites,
                                                                                                                construction team successfully completed       and mineral processing equipment, parts
                                                               Kwinana Bulk Terminal.                                                                                                                            as well as MRL’s BOO operations on client-
                                                                                                                the installation of three new crushing and     and rotable spares, CSI can rapidly design
                                                               MRL’s business is structured into two core                                                                                                        owned sites. MRL’s field service crews
                                                                                                                screening plants, bringing the total number    and construct plants and capitalise on

                        WORLD-CLASS                            groups, supported by shared corporate                                                                                                             provide high-performance resources for
                                                                                                                of crushing and processing plants in           opportunities ensuring that MRL retains
                                                               functions:                                                                                                                                        scheduled fixed and mobile plant and
                                                                                                                operation to 26. CSI experienced very high     a market-leading position against its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 equipment maintenance, shutdowns,
                                                                                                                client retention during FY21, with multiple    competitors.

                        MINING OPERATIONS.
                                                               •       Mining Services                                                                                                                           annual leave coverage, site special projects,
                                                                                                                contracts renewed and awarded. CSI’s BOO
                                                               •       Commodities                                                                             KWINANA WORKSHOP AND                              plant upgrades, rotable spares and urgent
                                                                                                                business model, together with trusted,
                                                                                                                                                               LOGISTICS HUB                                     breakdown support.
                                                                                                                long-standing client relationships, has led
                                                               MINING SERVICES                                  to an exceptionally strong performance         MRL’s Kwinana Workshop and Logistics Hub          MINING WEAR PARTS
                                                               For the past 25 years, MRL’s wholly-owned        during FY21 with a 20 per cent increase in     is a world-class engineering and fabrication
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 During FY21 Mining Wear Parts (MWP)
                                                               subsidiary, CSI Mining Services (CSI),           mining services volumes year-on-year.          facility strategically located to the south
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 continued to expand in line with its
                                                               has specialised in Build, Own, Operate                                                          of Perth. This workshop enables MRL to
                                                                                                                In April 2021, CSI was awarded a mining                                                          strategic national growth plan to meet
                                                               (BOO) projects, providing both the capital                                                      provide innovative and low-cost solutions
                                                                                                                contract by Rio Tinto for the Brockman 2                                                         demand for quality aftermarket parts
                                                               infrastructure and operational expertise.                                                       for all MRL projects, supporting expedited
                                                                                                                iron ore mine in the Pilbara. The scope of                                                       in the mining, recycling, and quarrying
                                                                                                                                                               development timeframes and in-house
                                                               Providing a range of world-class specialised     the contract will see CSI carry out load and                                                     industries. MWP supports CSI through the
                                                                                                                                                               testing capabilities.
                                                               crushing, screening and processing               haul, drill and blast and short-term mine                                                        timely supply of high-quality aftermarket
                                                               services, CSI has developed long-standing        planning activities. This contract builds on   Set on 10 hectares of land, the Workshop          parts, reducing operating overhead costs
                                                               relationships with some of the world’s           a 16-year relationship with Rio Tinto and      is the largest facility of its kind in Western    and improving expected life of products
                                                               largest mining companies and earned a            follows the completion of a 30 million tonne   Australia and employs 165 people. During          to support crushing process timelines and
                                                               strong reputation as a provider of               load and haul contract at its Tom Price        the year, MRL employed 14 new apprentices         performance.
                                                               purpose-built, high quality products             mine.                                          across a range of trades including
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With offices in Brisbane and Perth, MWP
                                                               and services.                                                                                   boilermakers, heavy duty fitters, electricians,
                                                                                                                MRL’s blue-chip clients achieve tangible                                                         also supports resource sector customers
                                                                                                                                                               and mechanical fitters. MRL finished the
                                                               CSI also offers design, manufacture,             and quantifiable cost and time benefits                                                          across the mining, recycling and quarrying
                                                                                                                                                               year with 63 apprentices employed across
                                                               commissioning and on-site operation and          by working in collaboration with CSI,                                                            industries through tailored solutions,
                                                                                                                                                               the business.
                                                               maintenance of plant facilities as well as the   the industry-leading materials handling                                                          stock holdings of critical components and
                                                               provision of specialised mine services such      specialist. MRL also leverages the             The Workshop undertakes fabrication of            specialist services.
                                                               as materials handling, plant and equipment       experience and skills of CSI when              mining and processing plants and is the
                                                                                                                developing and operating MRL’s own             primary support and service centre for




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 16
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - MINING SERVICES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - MINING SERVICES (CONTINUED)




                        SITE SERVICES                                       accommodation and facilities. A mobile           NEXTGEN 2 CRUSHING AND SCREENING                   TRANSHIPPERS                                     MINING SERVICES OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
                                                                            camp was initially established for the early     PLANT                                              MRL’s in-house marine capability                 Mining Services generated EBITDA of $464 million, an increase of 29 per cent compared to
                        The increase in development activity on
                                                                            development works. This was followed by                                                             includes the experience to design, build,        FY20. Mining Services revenue, from both internal and external clients, was $1,750 million,
                        MRL mine sites produced an increase in                                                               MRL’s NextGen 2 crushing and screening




For personal use only
                                                                            the construction of a 197-room camp and                                                             commission and operate marine assets.            which is $475 million, or 37 per cent, higher than FY20.1
                        activity for MRL’s Site Services division.                                                           plant is the next revolution in modular
                                                                            central facilities including wet and dry mess,
                        By managing its own airports and                                                                     crushing plants. The plant is assembled in         In preparation for MRL’s expanding iron ore      Growth in Mining Services revenue and EBITDA was primarily driven by continued growth
                                                                            laundry, sports court and gym.
                        accommodation villages, MRL focuses                                                                  modules and, compared with fixed crushing          operations in the Pilbara region, MRL has        in operations at the Yilgarn and Utah Point Hubs, along with new external contracts.
                        on creating a positive experience for its           The Phil’s Creek accommodation village           plants, provides for sustained reliable            developed a unique Articulated Tug and           Mining Services achieved a margin of 27 per cent, slightly down from 28 per cent in FY20.
                        employees and contractors, who work in              was given a significant upgrade including        performance over time with the flexibility         Barge (ATB) transhipping solution that will      Margins in FY21 were impacted by higher costs amid labour pressures in the market
                        isolated and extreme environments.                  installation of a café, updated central          to meet clients’ changing production               operate out of the Port of Ashburton. The        brought on by COVID-19-related border closures.
                                                                            facilities and upgraded wastewater               requirements.                                      transhippers transport the ore to cape-
                        COVID-19 continued to impact Western                                                                                                                                                                                                      MINING SERVICES PRODUCTION-RELATED CONTRACT TONNES1,2
                                                                            treatment plant.                                                                                    size carriers offshore, thereby removing
                        Australia this year. Having redesigned                                                               Modular assembly offers a variety                                                                                              140
                        services in response to the onset of                Upgrades at Mt Marion included 40 new            of benefits including reduced site                 the need for substantial dredging and                                                                                          CAGR 30%3                                        125
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  124
                        COVID-19 in FY20, MRL’s Site Services               rooms, an additional gym and laundry,            construction hours, lower risks, a reduction       construction costs for a deep water berth.                                  120
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               110
                        delivery team was well equipped to apply            tavern upgrades and sound proofing to            in construction materials and less                 Each transhipper will be capable of                                                                                      102




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Contract tonnes (m wmt)
                        and adapt COVID-19 controls as required to          some existing accommodation units.               environmental impact. The unique design            carrying 20,000 tonnes of iron ore product                                  100
                        ensure MRL’s people were kept safe                                                                   requires minimal in-ground services and            in a specially-designed hopper fitted into
                                                                            With a skeleton crew at Wodgina                                                                                                                                                  80
                        and well.                                                                                            concrete, allowing faster, safer and more          the barge to an ocean-going vessel. The                                                               70
                                                                            operations looking after the facility while
                                                                                                                             efficient construction in less than 10 weeks.      transhippers have been designed by MRL
                        MRL places a high priority on quality               in care and maintenance, the village was                                                                                                                                         60      57
                        village accommodation and services and,             operating at 15 per cent occupancy during        During FY21, MRL commissioned the first 15         with the support of naval architects and
                        during the year, a number of villages               FY21.                                            million tonne per annum NextGen 2 plant            engineering firms in Australia and Canada.                                   40
                        were upgraded to improve the on-site                                                                 on a client site in the Pilbara. Initial results   The design caters for local Western
                        experience. The implementation of an                SUPPLY CHAIN LOGISTICS                           from the NextGen 2 plant show a reduction          Australian coastal conditions and is fully                                   20
                        ‘On-Demand’ entertainment, information                                                               in dust and noise emissions compared to            enclosed to prevent dust emissions during
                                                                            MRL manages its own mine-to-port logistics                                                          loading and discharge.
                        and messaging system commenced                                                                       traditional crushing plants.                                                                                                     0
                                                                            for all MRL-owned and/or operated mine                                                                                                                                                  1H19            2H19                1H20                2H20                  1H21          2H21
                        across all sites. With 2,022 rooms spread                                                                                                               Transhippers form part of the logistics
                                                                            sites in the Yilgarn and the Pilbara.            OFF-HIGHWAY TRIPLE TRAILER ROAD                                                                     1.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    To improve disclosure, actual contract tonnes have been disclosed rather than the index in prior reports.
                        across seven village sites, the installation                                                                                                            solution to cost effectively monetise            2.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Mining Services production-related contract tonnes are based upon TMM, crushed, processed, transported and other logistical
                                                                            During FY21, Total Material Mined (TMM) in       TRAINS
                        process was scheduled over 12 months and                                                                                                                stranded tonnes in the Pilbara.                     services.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 3.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CAGR since 1H19 calculated as the CAGR for the successive 6-month periods from 1H19 to 2H21 multiplied by 2.
                        completion is due in the first quarter              MRL’s mining pits was 131.6 million tonnes.      To support an increase in iron ore exports,
                        of FY22.                                            A total of 17.8 million tonnes of product was    MRL has designed and developed a fleet             CARBON FIBRE TECHNOLOGY                          Figure 1: Mining Services volume growth
                                                                            transported to export facilities by              of single-powered ‘jumbo’ road trains, each        In line with MRL’s vision to provide                                                        MINING SERVICES LESS CONSTRUCTION EBITDA1
                        At Koolyanobbing the wet and dry mess
                                                                            on-highway road trains, rail locomotives and     with a payload of 320 tonnes.                      innovative and low-cost solutions across
                        facilities and grounds were upgraded,                                                                                                                                                                                               250                                                                                                        2.5
                                                                            rail wagons. A total of 17.3 million tonnes                                                         the mining infrastructure supply chain,                                                                                                                     229
                        while at Parker Range a 99-room camp was                                                             Trailers for the road trains are manufactured                                                                                                                                                                               228
                                                                            of iron ore and 485,000 dry metric tonnes




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             EBITDA per Contract Tonne ($/wmt)
                        constructed to support mine operations.                                                              locally in Perth, Western Australia, and           the Company is pursuing the design and
                                                                            of lithium was shipped through Utah Point,                                                          development of carbon fibre products for                                    200                                                                                                        2.0
                        With expansion of the Yilgarn Hub                                                                    deliver superior speed to market benefits                                                                                                                               182
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        189
                                                                            Kwinana Bulk Terminal and the Port of                                                               the mining industry.
                        operation leading to an increase in the                                                              compared with traditional rail haulage
                                                                            Esperance to customers throughout Asia.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               EBITDA ($m)
                        workforce, the Carina village reopened with                                                          options. These road trains offer significant       In FY21, MRL progressed the development                                     150                                                                                                        1.5
                        163 rooms providing accommodation for               INNOVATION                                       benefits including leading edge safety             and testing of carbon-fibre vibrating                                                              127
                        MRL’s workforce.                                                                                     features, fewer emissions and lower costs,         screens, a major component of crushing
                                                                            MRL’s people are encouraged to actively          which makes the haulage costs comparable           and beneficiation plants, which offer a                                     100     89                                                                                                 1.0
                        At Windarling the aerodrome was                     explore new ideas and opportunities, and         to medium-gauge rail.                              range of benefits relative to traditional
                        recertified, providing access to Dash 8             this culture has fostered the development
                        and smaller aircraft to ensure an efficient                                                          MRL is currently testing the autonomous            steel vibrating screens. Offering a longer
                                                                            of a range of innovative products and                                                               lifespan, carbon-fibre screens will not
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             50                                                                                                        0.5
                        turnaround time for the MRL workforce.                                                               capability of the road trains in Perth. At the
                                                                            processes which add value and provide                                                               experience corrosive fatigue cracking
                        Windarling continues to maintain a positive                                                          time of writing, a successful trial has been
                                                                            MRL with a distinct competitive advantage.                                                          like traditional screens. MRL will retain
                        relationship with Ramelius Resources via the                                                         completed and, during FY22, testing will                                                                                         0                                                                                                        0.0
                                                                            MRL’s innovations have underpinned Mining                                                           the intellectual property of the carbon-                                           1H19            2H19             1H20                2H20               1H21          2H21
                        provision of long-term accommodation and                                                             commence on an MRL site.
                                                                            Services’ growth for the past two decades.                                                          fibre screen technology, which has been                                                                                                                 EBITDA per Tonne
                        access to the aerodrome.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mining Services less Construction EBITDA ($m)
                                                                            By investing in patented technology MRL                                                             developed in-house and tested at MRL’s
                        The development of the Wonmunna mine                creates lower-cost mining services solutions                                                        local manufacturing facilities. The screens
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Mining Services less construction EBITDA reflects MRL’s annuity style production-related earnings.

                        site saw the construction of new village            with high barriers to entry.                                                                        will undergo on-site testing in MRL crushing    Figure 2: Mining Services less construction EBITDA
                                                                                                                                                                                and screening plants throughout FY22.           1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Mining Services less Construction underlying EBITDA is $457 million (FY20 was $371 million).




                        17 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 18
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - MINING SERVICES (CONTINUED)    OPERATIONAL REVIEW - COMMODITIES




                                                                            COMMODITIES                                   recommenced shipping from the Kwinana            Wonmunna is located 80 kilometres
                                                                                                                          Bulk Terminal, south of Perth in addition        north-west of Newman and 360 kilometres
                                                                            MRL continues to grow and diversify its
                                                                                                                          to its existing operations at the Port of        south of Port Hedland in the Pilbara.
                                                                            mining operations through ownership and




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          Esperance.
                                                                            management of iron ore and lithium mine                                                        MRL purchased the undeveloped
                                                                            sites across the Pilbara, Goldfields and      MRL acquired the Parker Range Project            Wonmunna Iron Ore Project from the
                                                                            Wheatbelt regions of Western Australia.       in 20192, located 85 kilometres from             Australian Aboriginal Mining Corporation
                                                                                                                          the Koolyanobbing mine site. During              (AAMC) in the first quarter of FY21. In line
                                                                            IRON ORE                                      FY21, Parker Range development and               with the terms of the Wonmunna
                                                                                                                          construction works commenced to support          transaction, AAMC shareholders will receive
                                                                            During the year, MRL outlined plans to
                                                                                                                          the Yilgarn Hub expansion. This included         royalty payments for the first 40 million dry
                                                                            grow its business to include four iron ore
                                                                                                                          construction of the accommodation                metric tonnes extracted and removed from
                                                                            hubs. The Yilgarn Hub and Utah Point Hub
                                                                                                                          village and approximately 90 kilometres          the area.
                                                                            incorporate the existing Koolyanobbing and
                                                                                                                          of roadworks, site offices, workshops, a
                                                                            Iron Valley mine sites respectively. During                                                    Following the safe and rapid development
                                                                                                                          refuelling station and wash-down bays,
                                                                            the year both hubs were expanded with                                                          of the Wonmunna mine – just five months
                                                                                                                          water treatment and mining earth works.
                                                                            previously undeveloped iron ore deposits                                                       after first breaking ground at the site –
                                                                            being brought into the mine plan.             First ore from Parker Range is scheduled for     iron ore shipments commenced in the
                                                                                                                          the first quarter of FY22. This project has      third quarter of FY213 . With site capacity
                                                                            The Ashburton Hub and the South West
                                                                                                                          delivered further employment opportunities       currently at 5 million tonnes per annum
                                                                            Creek Hub are development projects
                                                                                                                          across the region and supported businesses       – with the potential to further expand
                                                                            with the aim of expanding MRL’s iron ore
                                                                                                                          servicing MRL’s local operations and             output to 10 million tonnes per annum
                                                                            footprint in the Pilbara region.
                                                                                                                          shipping activity from the Port of Esperance     pending additional approvals and at little
                                                                            YILGARN HUB                                   and the Kwinana Bulk Terminal.                   capital cost – Wonmunna demonstrates
                                                                                                                                                                           MRL’s capacity to identify and capitalise on
                                                                            The Yilgarn Hub is located within the         By the end of FY21, the Yilgarn Hub
                                                                                                                                                                           new opportunities with agility and speed.
                                                                            Yilgarn Shire in the Goldfields region.       included five additional pits and directly
                                                                                                                                                                           Wonmunna ore underpins MRL’s Utah Point
                                                                                                                          employed approximately 1,100 people
                                                                            MRL acquired the Koolyanobbing iron                                                            Hub iron ore blend, which also incorporates
                                                                                                                          at the mine site and a further 250 people
                                                                            ore operation in 2018 with 10 operating                                                        tonnes from the Iron Valley mine.
                                                                                                                          across the rail and port operations.
                                                                            pits supporting ore blending to extract                                                        The Wonmunna mine underpinned the
                                                                            maximum value in line with market             UTAH POINT HUB                                   creation of 500 jobs across its mine site
                                                                            specifications. At the time of acquisition,                                                    and transport network during a year in
                                                                                                                          The Utah Point Hub is in the Pilbara
                                                                            the mine site employed approximately 285                                                       which COVID-19 has impacted so many
                                                                                                                          region and includes MRL’s Iron Valley and
                                                                            people and supported another 415 indirect                                                      industries.3
                                                                                                                          Wonmunna mine sites. Product from both
                                                                            jobs across the supply chain.
                                                                                                                          Iron Valley and Wonmumma is hauled via           MRL experienced haulage constraints
                                                                            Ongoing productivity improvements at          road to Port Hedland for export from Utah        during FY21, caused by a shortage of
                                                                            Koolyanobbing, including a strong focus       Point.                                           truck drivers resulting from the unplanned
                                                                            on supply chain optimisation, demonstrate                                                      sudden state border closures implemented
                                                                                                                          Iron Valley is located approximately 75
                                                                            MRL’s capability to manage complex mining                                                      following COVID-19 outbreaks around the
                                                                                                                          kilometres north-west of Newman. As
                                                                            operations and develop practical solutions                                                     country. Despite these constraints, record
                                                                                                                          MRL’s oldest iron ore-producing mine,
                                                                            to capitalise on market conditions. Towards                                                    iron ore shipments were achieved in FY21
                                                                                                                          during FY21, Iron Valley benefitted from
                                                                            the end of FY21, successful conversion                                                         across both the Yilgarn and Utah Point
                                                                                                                          operational improvements including a
                                                                            to an ‘all-in fines’ product reduced the                                                       Hubs.
                                                                                                                          successful dewatering campaign, robust risk
                                                                            number of iron ore products produced in
                                                                                                                          management of ground conditions and a
                                                                            the Yilgarn Hub, simplifying operations.
                                                                                                                          focused effort on waste movement.
                                                                            This was further supplemented with an
                                                                            additional mobile crushing plant arriving     Minimal hydrogeological issues also
                                                                            at Koolyanobbing. With the expansion of       allowed for a more consistent and improved
                                                                            the Yilgarn Hub to production of nearly 11    throughput rate for the site’s fixed plant and
                                                                            million tonnes this year, additional export   mobile crusher.
                                                                            flexibility was required. During FY21, MRL                                                     2
                                                                                                                                                                               ASX MIN 30 August 2019
                                                                                                                                                                           3
                                                                                                                                                                               ASX MIN 22 March 2021




                        17 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 20
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - COMMODITIES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - COMMODITIES (CONTINUED)




                        Lamb Creek is an MRL-owned deposit and              roads and shipped out of a purpose-built         In April 2021, MRL entered into an amended     LITHIUM
                        exploration project located 50 kilometres           export facility at the Port of Ashburton.        50/50 joint venture agreement with
                                                                                                                                                                            MRL has ownership in two lithium
                        west of Iron Valley.                                Transhippers will transport the ore to cape-     Brockman Mining6 to progress development
                                                                                                                                                                            operations in Western Australia, one in the




For personal use only
                                                                            size carriers off shore. Development of the      of the Marillana and Ophthalmia projects
                        During FY21, reverse circulation and                                                                                                                south-east of the State and one in the
                                                                            port infrastructure is subject to approval of    into an iron ore mining hub capable of
                        diamond drilling continued on site,                                                                                                                 north-west.
                                                                            the development application, which had           producing a minimum of 25 million tonnes
                        with data informing updated resource
                                                                            been submitted at the time of writing.           per annum of final product for export from
                        modelling. This included an infill drill                                                                                                            MT MARION LITHIUM
                                                                                                                             South West Creek at Port Hedland.
                        program designed to close the drill spacing         In June 2021, MRL subsidiary, Onslow Steel
                                                                                                                                                                            The Mt Marion mine site is located 40
                        across the deposit boundary.                        Pty Ltd, purchased a 15 per cent interest in     Underpinning the South West Creek Hub is
                                                                                                                                                                            kilometres south-west of Kalgoorlie in the
                                                                            Aquila Resources from Aurizon Operations         development by MRL of berth capacity at
                        MRL decreased its in-house mineral                                                                                                                  Goldfields region.
                                                                            Limited4. Aquila’s main asset is a 50 per        South West Creek in the inner harbour at
                        resource estimation for Lamb Creek by
                                                                            cent stake in the undeveloped West Pilbara       Port Hedland, which was set aside by the       Operated by MRL under a life-of-mine BOO
                        6.2 million dry metric tonnes, reflecting
                                                                            Iron Ore Project in Western Australia. The       State Government in 2008 for development       mining services contract, Mt Marion Lithium
                        the declassification of resources occurring
                                                                            terms of the agreement were confidential         by a junior iron ore miner. As at the end of   Project is jointly owned between MRL,
                        within native title heritage buffer zones.4
                                                                            and not material to MRL. MRL has agreed          FY21 a decision by the Western Australian      with a 50 per cent interest, and one of the
                        Throughout FY21 mine design and                     with Aquila’s 85 per cent shareholder,           State Government on whether MRL would          world’s largest lithium producers, Jiangxi
                        development progressed, with a view to the          Baosteel Resources Australia Pty Ltd, to         be awarded the right to develop these          Ganfeng Lithium Co. Ltd. (Ganfeng), with a
                        project becoming operational in 2022.               seek to progress a restructure of Aquila so      berths is pending.                             50 per cent interest.
                                                                            that MRL’s interests are limited to its iron
                                                                                                                                                                            In a year which saw depressed market
                        ASHBURTON HUB                                       ore assets, subject to various approvals         IRON ORE OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
                                                                                                                                                                            conditions continue, the results of the
                        MRL owns multiple iron ore deposits within          and other conditions, including regulatory
                                                                                                                             Iron ore produced EBITDA of $1,537 million,    mine optimisation efforts from FY20
                        300 kilometres of the Port of Ashburton             approvals, being met.5
                                                                                                                             $1,058 million higher compared to FY20.        saw improved lithium ore recovery and
                        in the Pilbara region. The Ashburton Hub            Just prior to this report going into print,      This reflects higher prices and increased      increased yields during FY21. The result was
                        project will enable stranded tonnes to                                                               tonnes shipped following strong market         a 34 per cent increase in production and        MARBL JOINT VENTURE                         certainty in market demand. MRL’s Mining
                                                                            MRL announced the successful completion
                        be monetised through the development                of a transaction with Red Hill Iron Limited      conditions, which was partially offset by      record shipment volumes of spodumene                                                        Services division is contracted to provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            MARBL JV is an unincorporated joint
                        and construction of a 30 million tonne              (RHI) to acquire its 40 per cent participating   increased royalties and haulage costs due      concentrate.                                                                                life-of-mine crushing and camp services at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            venture between MRL and Albemarle
                        per annum operation delivered by an                 interest in the Red Hill Iron Ore Joint          to labour constraints in the market.                                                                                                       the Wodgina Lithium Project operation and
                                                                                                                                                                            Given the market conditions, Mt Marion’s        Corporation Inc (Albemarle) with MRL
                        innovative pit-to-ship infrastructure               Venture (RHIOJV) in the West Pilbara region                                                                                                                                                 a skeleton crew remains on site to perform
                                                                                                                             Iron ore revenue of $3,057 million was         performance demonstrates MRL’s ability          holding a 40 per cent interest and
                        solution. This solution is expected to result       of Western Australia5. On completion of the                                                                                                                                                 care and maintenance activity.
                                                                                                                             $1,504 million, 97 per cent higher than        to adapt to changing circumstances and          Albemarle a 60 per cent interest. The
                        in comparatively low-capital intensity for          transaction, MRL made a payment of $200                                                                                                         MARBL JV operates the Wodgina Lithium
                                                                                                                             FY20. Record iron ore exports achieved in      maintain strong and consistent performance                                                  KEMERTON LITHIUM HYDROXIDE PLANT
                        the project. Construction is scheduled to           million to RHI and, under the terms of the                                                                                                      Project and will operate the Kemerton
                                                                                                                             FY21 of 17.3 million wet metric tonnes were    through the commodity cycles. It further
                        commence in the first half of FY22; pending         agreement, a further $200 million will be                                                                                                       Lithium Hydroxide Plant upon completion.    During FY21, Albemarle progressed
                                                                                                                             23 per cent higher than FY20 due to growth     demonstrates the strength of MRL’s
                        approvals, which are well advanced.                 paid when the first commercial shipment                                                                                                                                                     the construction of two 25,000 tonne
                                                                                                                             in the Yilgarn and Utah Point Hubs, with       relationship with its JV partner Ganfeng,
                        The first product is targeted to be delivered       of iron ore extracted from the RHIOJV                                                                                                           Under the joint venture agreement,          per annum lithium hydroxide trains at
                                                                                                                             Wonmunna commencing exports in the             which continued to take 100 per cent of
                        from MRL’s fully approved Bungaroo                  tenements departs port. In addition MRL                                                                                                         Albemarle will manage the marketing         Kemerton, located in the south-west of
                                                                                                                             second half of FY21.                           Mt Marion product throughout FY21.
                        South project, followed by ore mined from           will pay RHI a royalty of 0.75 per cent of                                                                                                      and sales of spodumene concentrate          Western Australia, near the regional town of
                                                                            Free on Board (FOB) revenue on all iron ore      During FY21, MRL achieved an average                                                           produced at the Wodgina Lithium Project     Bunbury. Once constructed, the Kemerton
                        MRL’s Kumina project. MRL will use its                                                                                                              MT MARION OPERATIONAL
                                                                            that is extracted and sold from the RHIOJV       iron ore price of $177 per wet metric tonne                                                    and the lithium hydroxide produced at the   Lithium Hydroxide Plant will provide lithium
                        proven open pit, drill, blast, mine and haul                                                                                                        PERFORMANCE
                                                                            tenements and from MRL’s Bungaroo                (US$142 per dry metric tonne), which is an                                                     Kemerton Lithium Hydroxide Plant.           hydroxide to battery makers globally.
                        methodology which has successfully been
                                                                            South tenement, provided Bungaroo                increase of 60 per cent compared to FY20.      Mt Marion produced EBITDA of $7 million
                        applied for decades.
                                                                            South is developed in association with the       This was driven by strong Platts pricing       for MRL compared to $16 million in FY20.        WODGINA LITHIUM PROJECT                     Construction was impacted during the year
                        MRL’s NextGen 2 crushing and processing             development of the RHIOJV tenements.             during the year.                               This is a direct reflection of a reduction in                                               by a tightening labour market and border
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Due to continued low lithium prices
                        technology will form a critical part of the                                                                                                         sales prices due to market conditions. This                                                 closures brought on by COVID-19. It is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            experienced throughout the year, the
                        central processing facilities. MRL owns the         SOUTH WEST CREEK HUB                                                                            was offset by an improvement in yields, with                                                expected that Train 1 will be completed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Wodgina Lithium Project, located in the
                        intellectual property of the state-of-the-art                                                                                                       costs decreasing by 6 per cent from FY20                                                    by the end of 2021 with commercial
                                                                            MRL’s South West Creek Hub is an                                                                                                                Pilbara, remained on care and maintenance
                        technology, which offers unique benefits                                                                                                            and export volumes increasing to a record                                                   production mid-2022. Train 2 is expected to
                                                                            integrated pit-to-port iron ore infrastructure                                                                                                  during FY21. The MARBL JV regularly
                        including fully modular ‘plug and play’                                                                                                             485,000 dry metric tonnes, up 23 per cent                                                   be completed by end of the third quarter of
                                                                            solution that would see development of                                                                                                          reviews market conditions with a view
                        scalable design with rapid deployment.                                                                                                              on FY20.                                                                                    FY22, with commercial product in the first
                                                                            iron ore deposits located in the Pilbara,                                                                                                       to resuming spodumene concentrate
                        The final product will be transported                                                                                                                                                                                                           half of FY23.
                                                                            approximately 350 kilometres from Port           4
                                                                                                                                 ASX MIN 30 July 2021                                                                       production when market conditions
                                                                                                                             5
                                                                                                                                 ASX MIN 03 September 2021
                        to port using fully enclosed 320 tonne              Hedland.                                         6
                                                                                                                                 ASX BCK 23 April 2021                                                                      improve and there is more depth and
                        road trains on dedicated private haul




                        21 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                               MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 22
                        OPERATIONAL REVIEW - COMMODITIES (CONTINUED)




                        COMMODITIES OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE                                                                                                   The awarding of these permits makes MRL
                                                                                                                                                              the largest acreage holder of exploration
                        Commodities in FY21 performed strongly, with record export tonnes and strong iron ore                                                 permits in both the Perth and Carnarvon
                        prices.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              Basins.
                        MRL’s commodity export volumes in the period are shown in Table 1.                                                                    During the fourth quarter of FY21, ERL
                                                                                                                                                              commenced 3D seismic survey activity
                                                                                                                                                              within exploration permits in the Shire of
                            Commodity exports                          1H20           2H20          FY20           1H21          2H21           FY21
                                                                                                                                                              Gingin. The aim of the seismic activity is to
                                                                                                                                                              identify drillable targets to transition the
                            Iron Ore
                            (‘000 wet metric tonnes)                                                                                                          idle Red Gully gas processing facility back
                                                                                                                                                              into production.
                            Utah Point Hub                                3,590         3,106          6,696         2,934         3,835          6,769
                                                                                                                                                              Following delays due to COVID-19 in the
                            Yilgarn Hub                                   3,158         4,221          7,378         4,979         5,526        10,505        past 12 months, ERL was successful in
                            Total Iron Ore                               6,748         7,327        14,074          7,913         9,361        17,274         securing a drill rig for the Lockyer Deep
                                                                                                                                                              1 gas exploration well in Mingenew. First
                                                                                                                                                              drilling of the conventional gas exploration
                            Spodumene                                                                                                                         program is scheduled to commence in the
                            (‘000 dry metric tonnes)                                                                                                          first quarter of FY22.
                            Mt Marion1                                      188           206            394           203            282           485
                                                                                                                                                              RENEWABLE ENERGY
                        1
                            Volumes presented as 100% for the Mt Marion Lithium Project. MRL operates 100% of the project, in which it owns a 50% interest.
                                                                                                                                                              MRL continues to investigate alternative
                        Table 1: Commodity export volumes                                                                                                     and renewable energy options for power
                                                                                                                                                              generation, road transport and mining
                        ENERGY                                                                                                                                equipment that will deliver responsible and
                        MRL continues to pursue long-term, lower-cost energy solutions to reduce reliance on                                                  sustainable success.
                        diesel fuel and lessen its carbon footprint. During FY21, MRL committed to achieving net                                              In FY21, MRL progressed development
                        zero emissions by 2050.                                                                                                               of its Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions,
                        To achieve this goal, MRL’s Energy team works with other areas of the business to ensure                                              presenting the operational framework to
                        that MRL’s operations integrate lower-emission and renewable energy solutions into                                                    support achievement of net zero emissions
                        future growth and development plans. The Energy team works closely with government,                                                   by 2050. The Roadmap is outlined in the
                        industry and community stakeholders to ensure all new energy opportunities are explored                                               2021 Sustainability Report.
                        responsibly and safely.
                                                                                                                                                              The feasibility study for the installation
                                                                                                                                                              of a 2.1 megawatt solar power station at
                        GAS EXPLORATION
                                                                                                                                                              Wonmunna to offset diesel consumption
                        A key element of achieving MRL’s goal of net zero emissions by 2050 is the displacement                                               at the site was completed during the year
                        of diesel with alternative fuels. In support of this goal, MRL, through its wholly owned                                              and planning for construction commenced.
                        subsidiary Energy Resources Limited (ERL), is pursuing opportunities to integrate gas where                                           The project is scheduled for delivery in the
                        possible, to provide energy security, reduce MRL’s reliance on diesel and deliver lower                                               first half of FY22 and will support around
                        carbon emissions while transitioning to renewable energy fuel sources.                                                                30 per cent of the site’s energy needs.
                        ERL is the largest holder of gas exploration permits in the Perth Basin, operating eight                                              This will reduce diesel consumption by
                        permits across more than 7,200 square kilometres.                                                                                     approximately 600,000 litres and carbon
                                                                                                                                                              emissions by around 1,800 tonnes of CO2
                        In the third quarter of FY21, ERL was awarded two highly prospective gas exploration
                                                                                                                                                              per year.
                        permits in the Perth and Carnarvon Basins.7
                                                                                                                                                              The solar power station has been designed
                        Permit L20-4 in the Perth Basin is home to several recent conventional gas discoveries,
                                                                                                                                                              with an expected life of up to 20 years,
                        while Permit L20-1 in the Northern Carnarvon Basin was acquired as part of a 50/50 joint
                                                                                                                                                              providing the flexibility for the solar array
                        venture with Buru Energy. Managed by Buru, Permit L20-4 spans more than 6,200 square
                                                                                                                                                              to be redeployed to another location when
                        kilometres and is close to existing gas infrastructure, including MRL’s proposed Ashburton
                                                                                                                                                              Wonmunna reaches its end-of-mine life.
                        Hub development.
                                                                                                                                                              7
                                                                                                                                                                  ASX MIN 16 April 2021




                        23 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 2 4
For personal use only
                        FINANCIAL
                        REVIEW

                        FLYING
                        Flying above the landscape gives me a sense of belonging to
                        the earth on which we walk. In this art work I visited our
                        ancestors homeland.
                        Collaborative art by Edwin Lee Mulligan.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        25 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        FINANCIAL REVIEW         FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        FY21 HAS DELIVERED AN
                                                 MRL generated underlying earnings before
                                                 interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
                                                 (EBITDA)8 of $1,901 million for the financial



                        EXCEPTIONAL FINANCIAL




For personal use only
                                                 year ended 30 June 2021 (FY21). Underlying
                                                 EBITDA was up $1,135 million (148 per cent)
                                                 on FY20, underpinned by continued growth




                        PERFORMANCE INCLUDING
                                                 in the Mining Services segment and record
                                                 iron ore sales volumes and prices.
                                                 Underlying net profit after tax (NPAT) was
                                                 $1,103 million, up $769 million (230 per
                                                 cent) on FY20 and Statutory NPAT was


                        RECORD PROFITS, RECORD   $1,268 million, which was up $265 million
                                                 (26 per cent) compared with last financial
                                                 year. Statutory NPAT includes a net post-tax



                        REVENUE AND RECORD
                                                 fair value unrealised gain of $161 million on
                                                 listed investments, a net post-tax
                                                 $36 million unrealised foreign exchange
                                                 gain on the Group’s US$ denominated



                        DIVIDENDS.
                                                 notes and cash holdings, and ($33) million
                                                 of post-tax impairment charges in relation
                                                 to intangibles, plant and equipment and
                                                 inventory.
                                                 Group revenue for FY21 was $3,734 million,
                                                 up $1,609 million (76 per cent) compared
                                                 with FY20. This strong performance was
                                                 driven by continued growth in our Mining
                                                 Services business with volumes up
                                                 20 per cent, iron ore exports growing by
                                                 23 per cent as well as spodumene exports
                                                 increasing by 23 per cent.
                                                 Volatility in commodity prices saw iron ore     CASH AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT                      of $1,660 million on FY20, which included
                                                 prices continuing to climb during the year                                                       cash proceeds from completion of the sale
                                                                                                 At 30 June 2021, the Group continues to
                                                 with the Platts Iron Ore 62 per cent Fines                                                       of a 60 per cent interest in Wodgina to
                                                                                                 maintain a strong balance sheet and held
                                                 Index (Platts) strengthening 66 per cent to                                                      Albemarle.
                                                                                                 cash and cash equivalents of $1,542 million
                                                 average US$155 per dry metric tonne, while      (30 June 2020: $1,522 million). In addition to   FY21 was a year of significant investment
                                                 the average realised lithium spodumene          its 30 June 2021 cash holdings, the Group        in growth, with capital expenditure of $745
                                                 price for the year came to $535 per dry         has access to substantial undrawn debt           million including:
                                                 metric tonne, a reduction of $82 per dry        facilities to support business development
                                                                                                                                                  • Development of Wonmunna for
                                                 metric tonne (13 per cent) on FY20.             activities ($331 million as at 30 June 2021).
                                                                                                                                                    Utah Point Hub
                                                 The Directors have resolved to distribute       Net cash from operating activities before
                                                                                                                                                  • Increasing Yilgarn Hub production
                                                 a fully franked final dividend of $1.75 per     interest and tax of $1,970 million in FY21
                                                 ordinary share; declared on 11 August 2021      was up $1,175 million on FY20, reflecting        • New external Mining Services plants
                                                 for shareholders as at 18 August 2021, to       a strong underlying EBITDA during the              constructed to support new contracts
                                                 be paid on 7 September 2021. Inclusive of       year. Tax paid of $584 million includes
                                                                                                                                                  • Investment in a new headquarters for
                                                 the fully franked interim dividend of $1.00     $333 million for the Wodgina transaction,
                                                                                                                                                    the Group
                                                 per ordinary share paid in February 2021,       paid as part of the Group’s FY20 tax return
                                                 total dividends declared in respect of FY21     instalment.
                                                 amount to a record $2.75 per ordinary                                                            8
                                                                                                                                                      In order to provide additional insight into the performance
                                                                                                 Net cash used in investing activities of $816        of the business, the Group uses non-IFRS measures such
                                                 share, an increase of 175 per cent compared                                                          as underlying EBITDA. Reconciliations to IFRS measures are
                                                                                                 million in FY21 represented an increase              provided in Note 3 of the financial statements.
                                                 with FY20.




                                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 28
For personal use only
                        SUSTAINABILITY
                        REVIEW
                        This Sustainability Review summarises MRL’s sustainability performance in FY21.
                        For the full 2021 Sustainability Report visit www.mrl.com.au.




                        LAJA: BUILD UP SEASON (START OF HOT SEASON)
                        This collaborative piece represents the build up of the season
                        ‘summer storm’. The design represents the ‘Wangal’-wind and
                        the ‘Ringu’- clouds. The energy these natural elements release
                        during the first storm is electrifying. Through our belief system
                        this collaboration piece brings energy and depth and awakens
                        one’s soul.
                        Collaborative art by Rebecca Morgan.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        29 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - OVERVIEW                                                    SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - OVERVIEW (CONTINUED)




                        WE STRIVE TO                       SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
                                                           Our sustainability reporting covers activities
                                                                                                            OUR MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS
                                                                                                            MRL applies GRI reporting principles for defining report content by undertaking a thorough
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Bribery and corruption adversely affect
                                                                                                                                                                                                               the business environment by undermining
                                                                                                                                                                                                               legitimate business activities. During

                        GENERATE
                                                           for which MRL and its subsidiaries have          review process to understand our material sustainability topics. The materiality assessment




For personal use only
                                                                                                            is undertaken annually to identify the most critical sustainability issues influencing our         FY21, MRL’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption
                                                           operational control and is prepared in
                                                                                                            ability to create and maintain value in the short, medium and long term.                           Policy was updated and we reaffirmed our
                                                           accordance with the Global Reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                               commitment to fair and legal business

                        SHAREHOLDER VALUE
                                                           Initiative (GRI) Standards (Core option), the
                                                                                                            As a result of the analysis, six material topics were identified: business ethics and integrity,   practices and avoiding bribery, corruption
                                                           Sustainability Accounting Standards Board,
                                                                                                            health and safety, people, environment, climate change and social engagement.                      and fraud.
                                                           and recommendations from the Taskforce


                        BY MANAGING
                                                           on Climate-related Financial Disclosures of      While this is consistent with the previous reporting period, some of the material                  MRL’s Risk Management, Internal
                                                           the Financial Stability Board.                   sustainability topics have been updated as outlined in Table 2.                                    Compliance and Control Policy outlines
                                                                                                                                                                                                               the risk management process and internal


                        OUR MATERIAL
                                                           MRL has obtained external assurance for six
                                                                                                             Theme             Material Topic                                                                  compliance and controls, which includes the
                                                           of our sustainability performance indicators.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Business Risk Register.
                                                           (Refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report for a   Business Ethics    1.   Operating with ethics and integrity



                        SUSTAINABILITY
                                                           copy of the Independent Limited Assurance        and Integrity                                                                                      The Business Risk Register considers
                                                           Statement.)                                                                                                                                         all strategic, operational, compliance,
                                                                                                            Health and         2.   Maintaining a safe working environment that promotes health
                                                                                                            Safety                  and wellbeing                                                              regulatory and financial risks impacting
                                                           MRL has joined the United Nations


                        TOPICS AND
                                                                                                                                                                                                               MRL. Our sustainability and climate-related
                                                           Global Compact (UNGC) and in the 2021
                                                                                                            People             3.   Attracting and retaining talent while developing a diverse and inclusive   risks are also incorporated into the Business
                                                           Sustainability Report we outline how the                                 workplace                                                                  Risk Register. Risk workshops are conducted
                                                           Ten Principles – covering human rights,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               across the business to encourage awareness

                        MAINTAINING OUR
                                                           labour, environment, and anti-corruption –       Environment        4.   Managing our environmental impacts by enhancing water stewardship and
                                                                                                                                    resource efficiency                                                        and ensure sustainability issues are
                                                           are integrated into our business strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               integrated appropriately into day-to-day
                                                           culture and daily operations.                    Climate Change     5.   Understanding and managing our climate-related obligations, risks and      operations.

                        SOCIAL LICENCE
                                                                                                                                    opportunities under a changing climate
                                                           MRL is committed to continually improving
                                                                                                                                                                                                               During FY21, MRL conducted a review and
                                                           its sustainability performance to provide        Social             6.   Developing and maintaining strong community and                            update of its risk management framework
                                                           the metals and minerals the world needs to                               stakeholder relationships


                        TO OPERATE.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and approach. The review was performed
                                                           transition to a low-carbon future. We strive
                                                                                                            Table 2: MRL’s material sustainability topics                                                      with the Risk Working Group and included
                                                           to make a difference through our leadership
                                                                                                                                                                                                               multiple workshops attended by subject
                                                           in mining services and operations,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               matter experts from across the business.
                                                           encouraging responsible business practices       BUSINESS ETHICS AND INTEGRITY
                                                           and advancing the UN Sustainable                                                                                                                    Also during the year, MRL developed its
                                                                                                            We are committed to operating ethically and with integrity in all business activities
                                                           Development Goals.                                                                                                                                  first Modern Slavery Statement which aims
                                                                                                            and stakeholder relationships.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to increase business awareness of modern
                                                           MRL has a Sustainability Policy outlining
                                                                                                            MRL believes consistent and proper business conduct creates loyalty and trust with our             slavery risks and improve transparency
                                                           our commitment to sustainability risk and
                                                                                                            stakeholders and we are committed to promoting a culture of ethical corporate behaviour.           across global supply chains.
                                                           opportunity identification, management,
                                                           performance measurement and reporting.           MRL’s Code of Conduct and Business Integrity (the Code) defines the way we do business,            MRL requested 15 Modern Slavery Self-
                                                           The Sustainability Policy is supported by        which is based on our Values and represents our commitment to upholding the highest                Assessment questionnaires during the
                                                           a suite of governance policies including         standards of ethics in our business practices.                                                     year and no modern slavery risks were
                                                           a Human Rights Policy, Anti-Bribery and                                                                                                             identified in our supply chain during FY21.
                                                                                                            During FY21, our e-learning package on the Code was widely communicated and
                                                           Corruption Policy and a Supplier Code of                                                                                                            We continue to monitor and assess our
                                                                                                            implemented throughout the business and 89 per cent of our employees completed
                                                           Conduct.                                                                                                                                            high-risk supplier base to ensure their
                                                                                                            the training.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               understanding of our commitment towards
                                                           Our governance embeds sustainability
                                                                                                            Training on the Code is mandated prior to commencing employment at MRL, with refresher             sustainable procurement practices across
                                                           throughout our business and is supported
                                                                                                            training required on an annual basis to ensure all employees understand their requirements         our supply chain.
                                                           by a cross-functional Sustainability Working
                                                                                                            and acknowledge and agree to abide by the most recent Code and other relevant policies.
                                                           Group, which develops our sustainability
                                                           strategy and manages and monitors key            MRL has also implemented a Whistleblower Policy, supported by a Whistleblower
                                                           sustainability topics.                           Procedure, which outlines the ways stakeholders can report matters they genuinely believe
                                                                                                            are in breach of the Code or are illegal. An independent external whistleblowing service,
                                                                                                            MRL Integrity Assist, has been established to allow stakeholders to raise concerns of
                                                                                                            suspected or actual misconduct in the workplace.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 32
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - HEALTH AND SAFETY                                                                                                       SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - HEALTH AND SAFETY (CONTINUED)




                        HEALTH AND SAFETY                                                       A Mental Health Framework was developed during the year to              A summary of MRL’s FY21 safety performance is outlined in Table 3. Figure 3 shows MRL’s
                                                                                                integrate positive mental health messaging and activities into the      injury frequency rate based on 1,000,000 hours worked for employees and contractors.
                        We strive to maintain a healthy and safe working environment
                                                                                                MRL culture. The framework is informed by:
                        for our employees, contractors and visitors and enhance the                                                                                                                                                                      Injury Frequency Rates




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Injuries per Million Hours Worked)
                        wellbeing of our people.                                                • WELL Business Standards™ (Concept 9 MIND)




                                                                                                                                                                        Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          10.00                                                                                               1.00
                                                                                                • Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
                        Health and safety performance are fundamental to MRL’s overall
                        success and pivotal to our social licence to operate. MRL works           (Code of Practice) Mentally Healthy Workplaces for Fly-in Fly-out
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           8.00                                                                                               0.80
                        hard to protect the safety and wellbeing of the MRL family – our          Workforce                                                                                                                       7.15

                        workforce, their families and the communities in which we operate.      • The Four Pillars of MRL Health (Physical Health, Mental 		                                                                                    5.99
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           6.00                                                                                               0.60
                        During FY21, COVID-19 continued to influence our activities due to        Wellbeing, Lifestyle and Social Wellbeing, Injury Prevention and                                                                       4.86

                        lockdowns and state border closures across Australia.                     Management)                                                                                                              4.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         3.99
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     3.63                     0.40
                        From the beginning of the pandemic, MRL’s response has focused          • Global sustainability frameworks and guidance                                                                                                               2.34         2.49                                2.31
                        on three key areas:                                                     Further information on mental health initiatives at MRL can be                                                             2.00                                                                                               0.20

                        • Keeping our people safe and well                                      found in our 2021 Sustainability Report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0.00                                                                                               0.00
                        • Maintaining safe and reliable operations                              Measuring our health and safety performance is a critical part of our                                                             FY14   FY15   FY16         FY17          FY18         FY19         FY20      FY21
                        • Supporting our communities                                            safety management framework. During FY21, our Total Recordable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (TRIFR)            (LTIFR)
                                                                                                Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) was 2.31, which is a 36 per cent
                        In FY21, MRL continued to mitigate the risk of COVID-19 to              improvement compared to FY20. This is an encouraging result
                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                                                                                   FY20 TRIFR has increased by 10 per cent due to a revision in our exposure hours reporting boundary to capture activity within our
                                                                                                                                                                                                   direct control.
                        our workforce, operations, communities and our industry. This           given our workforce grew by 39 per cent during the same period.
                        included conducting more than 84,000 COVID-19 tests through             MRL continued to work closely with key contracting partners to          Figure 3: Historical trends in LTIFR and TRIFR - combined employees and contractors
                        our screening facilities using our own gold-standard COVID-19           ensure alignment of safety and health expectations to deliver
                        testing equipment capable of performing PCR-SARS-CoV-2 tests.                                                                                                    FY21 Safety Metric                                       Employees           Contractors             Combined                 FY21
                                                                                                successful safety outcomes.                                                              per 1,000,000 hours worked                                                                          Employees &              Target
                        These screening and testing processes were made available to MRL                                                                                                                                                                                                      Contractors
                        employees and their families. In addition, more than 60 resource        During FY21, MRL experienced its first Lost Time Injury in two years,
                                                                                                with a finger injury sustained at one of our operations. Due to the         Work-related Fatality Rate                                                   0.00                 0.00                 0.00      Zero Meets Target
                        sector companies in Western Australia used MRL’s screening
                        facilities.                                                             speed of the response and expert medical care, a full recovery is
                                                                                                                                                                            Lost-time Injury Frequency Rate                                              0.16                 0.00                 0.12     <0.25 Exceeds Target
                                                                                                expected. The incident was fully investigated and changes have
                        At the request of health officials, we also made our collection         been implemented across all operations to ensure this hazard is             Total Recordable Injury
                        facilities and testing equipment available to the public during the                                                                                                                                                              2.09                 3.02                 2.31               <3.00
                                                                                                eliminated.                                                                 Frequency Rate
                        COVID-19 outbreaks in Western Australia during FY21.
                                                                                                                                                                                   High-consequence
                                                                                                                                                                                   Work-related Injuries Rate1                                           0.16                 0.00                 0.12
                        To manage the safety of our people while at work, MRL seeks to
                        proactively identify and control hazards and minimise exposure                                                                                             All Incident Rate2                                                         -                     -           196.70
                        to health and safety risks. MRL’s Critical Risk Management (CRM)
                        Program informs a detailed analysis of activities presenting the                                                                                           Near Miss Frequency Rate                                                   -                     -            42.48
                        greatest risk of high-consequence injury.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Hours worked                                                   6,228,302            1,987,048              8,215,349
                        This analysis is based on a review of industry statistics, historical
                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                                                                            High consequence injuries are defined as significant injuries, which include LTIs and fatalities.
                        MRL hazard and incident data, project risk registers, incidents with                                                                            2
                                                                                                                                                                                            All Incident Rate excludes non-work related injuries.
                        significant potential consequences, significant incident reports and
                        the results of our safety management system audits.                                                                                             Table 3: FY21 Safety Performance
                                                                                                                                                                        For further information on MRL’s historical injury rate performance and frequency rates,
                        During FY21, as part of the rollout of the CRM, MRL developed
                                                                                                                                                                        refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report and standalone publication of our 2021 Sustainability
                        and trained 255 CRM leaders within the business and trained 1,784
                                                                                                                                                                        Performance Data Tables.
                        additional people in the CRM Program.
                        MRL has a dedicated Health Services team responsible for the
                        full spectrum of health services support to maintain and improve
                        employee health and wellbeing. MRL’s program covers physical and
                        mental wellbeing, injury prevention and management, and lifestyle
                        and social wellbeing.




                        33 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 34
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - PEOPLE




                        PEOPLE                                                                     • Attending and sponsoring several career development events
                                                                                                     including platinum sponsorship of the three-day ‘Get Into
                        We are committed to creating a fair, diverse and inclusive
                                                                                                     Resources’ 2021 program (For further information, refer to
                        workplace that supports us in attracting and retaining talent.




For personal use only
                                                                                                     ‘Material Topic 6: Developing and maintaining strong
                        Our people are the foundation of our business and instrumental to            community and stakeholder relationships – Promoting careers in
                        our success. As of 30 June 2021, MRL employed 3,268 employees8,              the mining industry’)
                        an increase of 39 per cent when compared to 30 June 2020. It is
                        critical for our business to identify, attract and retain high-quality     • Continuing our Apprenticeship Program, in partnership with the
                        people to help us meet our objectives. Our Human Resources team              Kwinana Industries Council (KIC)
                        works to build organisational capability by ensuring our people are        • Delivering an Entry Level Dump Truck Operator Training
                        treated fairly and have access to career development opportunities.          Program, which included 48 female operators. This was part
                                                                                                     of our commitment to creating career pathways and supporting
                        During FY21, MRL reaffirmed its focus on encouraging and
                                                                                                     a diverse workplace, including retaining women across all roles
                        maintaining safe and respectful workplace behaviours through
                                                                                                     and levels (For further information, refer to ‘Material Topic 6:
                        a review and strengthening of our Code of Conduct and
                                                                                                     Developing and maintaining strong community and stakeholder
                        Business Integrity. The updated Code reinforces our stance
                                                                                                     relationships – Skills Development’)
                        that discrimination, bullying and harassment, including sexual
                        harassment, will not be tolerated under any circumstances. It              We know developing a diverse, inclusive and non-discriminatory
                        also provides additional guidance on avenues for reporting,                workplace brings many benefits to our business. These include
                        investigating and addressing complaints. Our business stance               improved organisational performance, positive impacts on
                        and employee responsibilities were further reinforced through              organisational culture and reputation, employee attraction and
                        communications from our Managing Director to all employees.                retention, and enhanced internal, customer and stakeholder
                                                                                                   relationships.
                        During FY21, we also undertook several initiatives to enhance
                        employee attraction and recruitment to better position MRL to              In FY21, our workforce achieved 17 per cent female representation,
                        achieve its ambitious growth plans over the next two to three years.       exceeding our Board-approved target of 16.1 per cent.
                        Initiatives included:
                                                                                                   As of 30 June 2021, our Board comprised four male members
                        • Targeting talent audiences through a unified Employee Value              (67 per cent) and two female members (33 per cent). Female
                          Proposition and employer branding strategy. To execute the               participation on the Board increased by 13 percentage points from
                          strategy, the MRL Communications and Brand team held a                   FY20 with the appointment of Ms Susan Corlett in January 2021.
                          range of workshops and interviews with site-based and office-
                                                                                                   Table 4 shows the overall female and Indigenous representation
                          based employees to identify benefits they most value in return
                                                                                                   across our business.
                          for working for MRL
                                                                                                                         As at       As at       As at        As at            Industry
                        • Introducing a new retention bonus plan to reward commitment                                   30 June     30 June     30 June      30 June           average1
                          to MRL and share our company’s success with employees                                          2018        2019        2020         2021

                        • Formalising flexible work arrangements, allowing employees to                Overall Female
                                                                                                                        14.8%        13.2%       15.4%       17.0%              16.1%
                                                                                                       Representation
                          work in ways that better suit their lifestyle while maintaining
                          access to development and career progression opportunities                   Overall
                                                                                                       Indigenous        1.7%        1.6%         1.4%        1.8%              4.7%
                                                                                                       Representation
                        • Maintaining our Employee Referral Program to supplement
                          existing recruitment strategies. This program incentivises current       	Industry benchmarks identified in line with 2019 Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA)
                                                                                                   1

                                                                                                     average female representation in the Metal Ore Mining Industry for organisations with
                          employees to refer suitably qualified and skilled candidates               1000-4999 employees and Chamber of Minerals and Energy of Western Australia, 2019:
                          to MRL                                                                     ‘Diversity in the Western Australian Resources sector’ report. New MRL targets have been
                                                                                                     disclosed for FY22 in the 2021 Sustainability Report.
                        • Continuing to review our job advertisement templates to ensure           Table 4: Overall female and Indigenous representation
                          our employment messaging attracts a diverse workforce
                                                                                                   Refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report and 2021 Sustainability
                        • Updating the MRL LinkedIn ‘Life’ page to further highlight our           Performance Data on our website for more information about our
                          brand, employees, accomplishments and company culture                    diversity and inclusion performance based on age, gender and
                                                                                                   Indigenous representation using the WGEA employee categories.

                        8
                            This figure does not include contractors or Non-Executive Directors.




                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 36
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - ENVIRONMENT                                                                                                              SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)




                        ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Water Quality
                                                                                                                                                                             Operation                                                                  Source2                             FY19                              FY20                             FY21
                        We are committed to environmental management that maintains our licence to operate in an environmentally responsible and                                                                   Category1
                        sustainable manner.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         Yilgarn Hub (Iron Ore)
                        Environmental management is essential in maintaining our social licence to operate. We adopt a systematic approach to mitigate risk
                        and identify management strategies to ensure our operations avoid unacceptable environmental impacts. MRL supports a precautionary                                                          Category 3                      Groundwater                            673.21                            878.84                            929.77
                        approach to environmental challenges.                                                                                                                                                       Category 1                        Third Party                            91.99                           190.40                            174.28
                        Our Environmental Policy is implemented through our Environmental Management System (EMS), developed in line with the ISO                        Utah Point Hub (Iron Ore)
                        14001:2015 - Environmental Management Systems standard.
                                                                                                                                                                         Iron Valley                                Category 3                      Groundwater                        15,709.46                           25,363.00                       15,871.55
                        AIR QUALITY
                                                                                                                                                                         Wonmunna                                   Category 3                      Groundwater                                    -                                -                          154.23
                        Across MRL’s business, the equipment used to undertake operational activities – such as drilling, blasting, load and haulage and ore
                                                                                                                                                                         Lithium Commodities
                        processing – generates dust and other air emissions. To manage air emissions, we apply dust suppression measures such as water carts on
                        high traffic areas, roads and tracks, and install sprinkler systems on transfer points at our crushing and train load-out facilities.            Mt Marion                                  Category 3                      Groundwater                          2,279.69                           1,512.18                        1,614.58

                        At our Yilgarn operations, where we manage several private haul roads, investment in surface sealing has delivered a range of benefits                                                      Category 1                        Third Party                            42.79                            40.69                             35.12
                        including significant reductions in wheel-generated dust from our road haulage fleet. We have disclosed historical air quality emissions         Wodgina                                    Category 3                      Groundwater                          1,191.10                            500.87                                  -3
                        data in our 2021 Sustainability Report.
                                                                                                                                                                             FY21 Water Withdrawn Summary
                        WATER
                                                                                                                                                                         Total Water Withdrawn - Groundwater (total) + third-party water (total)4                                                                                                                   18,779.53
                        MRL recognises the increasing materiality and importance of water as a fundamental societal, environmental and economic resource. We
                                                                                                                                                                         Total Groundwater Withdrawn                                                                                                                                                                18,570.13
                        are committed to advancing our understanding of water risks and value, while seeking new opportunities for water efficiency.
                                                                                                                                                                         Total Third Party Withdrawn                                                                                                                                                                      209.40
                        Water remains a key input for our operations and is used for dust suppression, domestically in our camps and offices, for washing vehicles
                        and infrastructure, and in the spodumene concentrate beneficiation plants at our lithium operations.                                             1
                                                                                                                                                                           	Criteria for determining water quality categories correlates with the Mineral Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework with high-quality water (Category 1) and low-quality water (Category 3).
                                                                                                                                                                         2
                                                                                                                                                                           	Water sources are defined as groundwater, surface water, and third-party. Third-party water is water supplied by an entity external to the operation, such as from a municipality. MRL has no operations
                                                                                                                                                                            that withdraw seawater.
                        MRL operates in the Pilbara and Yilgarn regions of Western Australia, which have varying climates and associated water risks. The World          3
                                                                                                                                                                            Wodgina has been in care and maintenance and used an insignificant volume of water in FY21.
                        Resources Institute’s (WRI) 2019 Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas provides an indication of overall water risk in our operational locations, which is   4
                                                                                                                                                                            Water withdrawal is water that enters the operational water system and is used to supply the operational water demands.
                        summarised in Table 5.                                                                                                                           Table 6: FY19 to FY21 Water withdrawn by source and water quality (ML)

                                                                                                                                                                         WASTE AND TAILINGS
                         Operation                                                         Water Related Risk
                                                                                                                                                                         During regular operations, MRL generates mining-related waste streams in the form of waste rock and tailings. Waste rock is excavated to
                        Iron Valley                                                       Medium - High (2-3)                                                            reach the ore body and typically disposed in waste rock landforms and/or backfilled into pits where possible. Selected inert waste is used
                                                                                                                                                                         for the construction of mine roads and run-of-mine pads.
                        Koolyanobbing                                                          High (3-4)
                                                                                                                                                                         MRL’s total waste rock is disclosed in Table 7, with the increase in quantities reflecting changes in our operations over time and significant
                        Wonmunna                                                          Medium - High (2-3)
                                                                                                                                                                         growth in our mining operations.
                        Wodgina                                                           Extremely High (4-5)
                        Mt Marion                                                              High (3-4)                                                                    Unit ‘000 WMT                                 Operation                          FY17                     FY18                      FY19                     FY20                      FY21

                        Table 5: Summary Water Related Risk referenced to World Resource Institute                                                                       Yilgarn Hub (Iron Ore)                                                              24,726                     7,870                   13,582                   38,765                   51,301
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Iron Valley                         6,407                     8,960                   10,909                   11,177                   28,816
                        Water management is a key focus for MRL and we continue to develop and enhance our risk mitigation strategies. We collect data on the            Utah Point Hub (Iron Ore)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Wonmunna                                  -                         -                        -                        -                   3,603
                        amounts of water withdrawn and report it against water quality categories and sources, as shown in Table 6.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Mt Marion                           5,583                   19,615                    18,980                   25,401                   27,654
                        This year, we increased our efforts in water stewardship and updated our water disclosure to align more closely with the Minerals Council        Lithium Commodities
                        of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework. As the accepted industry water accounting standard, this framework aims to improve data                                                                 Wodgina     1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1,554                   26,159                     4,768                     1,540                      176
                        integrity and comparability across the sector to ensure the continuous improvement of water reporting.                                           Total                                                                              38,271                   62,605                   48,240                    76,883                 111,549
                                                                                                                                                                         1
                                                                                                                                                                             Wodgina has been in care and maintenance through FY20- FY21. Aggregated volume is calculated based on actuals and estimates.

                                                                                                                                                                         Table 7: FY17 to FY21 Waste rock quantities in Wet Metric Tonnes




                        37 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 38
                                                                            SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)




                                                                            MRL is committed to operating in line with the 15 principles and 77 requirements set out by the Global Industry Standard on Tailings
                                                                            Management (GISTM) published by the International Council on Mining and Metals, the United Nations Environment Program, and the
                                                                            Principles for Responsible Investment.




For personal use only
                                                                            During FY21, we completed a detailed gap assessment across our directly controlled and managed operations to measure compliance to
                                                                            the GISTM requirements. The assessment identified compliance uplift required for approximately 25 to 30 per cent of design tasks and
                                                                            50 per cent of administrative tasks. No operational tasks required uplift.
                                                                            During FY21, MRL managed two active Tailings Storage Facilities (TSF):
                                                                            1 Mt Marion Ghost Crab Pit in-pit tails dam, located at our Mt Marion lithium operation. A solids extraction process is used to dry stack
                                                                              most of the tailings. This process reduces our water footprint by recycling a higher quantity of water associated with tailings disposal.
                                                                              In-pit tails disposal represents a reduced environmental risk when compared to a TSF, as the risk of failure is significantly lower.
                                                                            2 Wodgina TSF3 Expansion at our Wodgina lithium operation. The Wodgina site is currently in care and maintenance so there was no
                                                                              tailings disposal during FY21.
                                                                            Two decommissioned TSFs and one inactive TSF remain at the Wodgina operation. TSF3 is inactive, while TSF1 and TSF2 have been
                                                                            decommissioned and covered with waste rock.
                                                                            We have disclosed our tailings waste data in Table 8.

                                                                                Operation                                                              FY18                               FY19                                 FY20                      FY21

                                                                                Mt Marion                                                             508,132                            736,563                              935,020                 1,702,954
                                                                                Wodgina                                                                        -                         131,591                              414,879                          -1
                                                                                Total                                                               508,132                             868,154                          1,349,899                   1,702,954
                                                                            1
                                                                                 No tailings generated at Wodgina operation in FY18 and FY21.

                                                                            Table 8: FY18 to FY21 Cumulative tailing waste waste (tonnes) for Mt Marion and Wodgina operations

                                                                            BIODIVERSITY AND LAND MANAGEMENT
                                                                            Biodiversity, land management and rehabilitation are important aspects of responsible mining across the life of a mining operation. Table 9
                                                                            provides a summary of land disturbance and rehabilitation information for FY19, FY20 and FY21, consolidated for all MRL tenements and as
                                                                            reported to the Mining Rehabilitation Fund.

                                                                                                                                                   Land Disturbed (ha)                                                       Land Under Rehabilitation (ha)

                                                                                Operation                                          FY19                      FY20                      FY21                      FY19                    FY20                 FY21

                                                                                Yilgarn Hub (Iron Ore)
                                                                                                                                     2,378                     2,484                     3,560                        463                   507                     824
                                                                                Utah Point Hub (Iron Ore)
                                                                                Iron Valley                                            468                         494                     515                           3                      3                     0
                                                                                Wonmunna                                                  0                          0                     116                           0                      0                     0
                                                                                Lithium Commodities
                                                                                Mt Marion                                              573                         628                     634                           0                   33                      43
                                                                                Wodgina 1                                              937                         909                     909                        119                   353                     353
                                                                                Total                                               4,357                     4,515                     5,735                        585                    897               1,220
                                                                            1
                                                                                 Wodgina land disturbance footprint FY20 figures have been updated in due to a reclassification of the disturbance area reallocated to rehabilitation.

                                                                            Table 9: Total land disturbance and rehabilitation information cumulative for FY19, FY20 and FY21 consolidated for all MRL tenements, as
                                                                            reported to the MRF (hectares).




                        39 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                             MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 40
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - CLIMATE CHANGE                                                                                                                                  SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - CLIMATE CHANGE (CONTINUED)




                        All MRL mine sites have Mine Closure Plans to ensure mining               The process undertaken to develop the roadmap is illustrated in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Renewables
                                                                                                                                                                                                 FUEL MIX                                                                                                                       Gas
                        operations are closed, decommissioned and rehabilitated in                Figure 4.                                                                                                                       Diesel
                        an ecologically sustainable manner. During FY21, MRL made




For personal use only
                        enhancements to its mine closure framework, with an emphasis                                                          340                                                                                                            Horizon 1 (Tactical)                                     Horizon 2 (Transitional)                              Horizon 3 (Transformational)
                        on the purposeful management of closures to integrate existing                                                                                                                                      •     Diesel displacement                                                   •    Electrification                                      •   Electrification
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •     Renewable generation                                                  •    Diesel displacement                                  •   Energy storage and conversion
                        business processes with our stakeholder engagement management                                                   PROJECTS IDENTIFIED                                                                 •     Operational efficiency                                                •    Operational efficiency                               •   Renewable generation
                        plan.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           •    Renewable generation

                                                                                                                                              193
                        This framework:




                                                                                                                                                                                              Greenhous Gas Emissions
                        • Integrates with existing corporate strategies that detail and                                                    PRELIMINARY
                                                                                                                                            SCREENING

                          define requirements for business planning, investment
                                                                                                                                               83
                          evaluation, risk management and the minimum expectations of
                          key business units to protect and create value for MRL and                                                       PRIORITISED


                          maintain our social licence to operate
                        • Considers risks and opportunities to shareholder value and the
                          communities and environment in which we operate                         Figure 4: Process undertaken to develop the Roadmap to Net
                                                                                                  Zero Emissions
                        • Helps MRL transition to closure effectively, ensuring that all risks
                          are managed well and opportunities realised where possible                                                                                                                                                            2025                                            2030                                                       2035                                                     2040
                                                                                                  MRL engaged Deloitte to support a series of workshops with                                                                                                                                                Financial Year
                        CLIMATE CHANGE                                                            employees from across our business and operations to help identify                                                    Process                                                                     Science-Aligned Emissions Pathways
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Power Generation            Pit-to-Port    Mining Equipment                  1.5oC Emissions pathway      Well-below 2oC Emissions Pathway
                        We are committed to understanding and managing our climate-               abatement projects that will further support our target of net zero
                        related obligations, risks and opportunities as we operate                emissions.
                        within an increasingly carbon-constrained and changing                                                                                                                    Figure 5: Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions
                                                                                                  Four workshops were held in-person and online, capturing the
                        climate.                                                                  views of over 60 participants, which identified 340 potential                                 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS PROFILE
                        MRL recognises the need to consider our carbon footprint,                 decarbonisation projects. These suggestions were evaluated
                                                                                                  against six key criteria, including technological readiness,                                  Our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are directly related to our energy use and growth of our operations. MRL calculates its direct
                        work towards reducing greenhouse gas emissions and support
                                                                                                  decarbonisation potential and other co-benefits or trade-offs.                                (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions for entities under its operational control in alignment with the GHG Protocol and
                        collaborative approaches to accelerate the use of low emissions
                                                                                                  Following this evaluation process, 83 projects were identified                                the Australian National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act (2007). While our absolute GHG emissions continue to increase as our
                        technologies in the future. We will identify opportunities to
                                                                                                  for consideration and integrated into our Roadmap to Net Zero                                 business grows, we are actively working to reduce the GHG emission intensity of our operations. Emission intensity of our operations per
                        commercialise low and zero emission innovations, at scale and
                                                                                                  Emissions.                                                                                    TMM for sites under our operational control is shown in Table 11. Between FY20 and FY21, we have seen a five per cent reduction in our
                        acceptable cost, that are critical for the transition to a 1.5°C world.
                                                                                                                                                                                                GHG emission intensity.
                        To demonstrate our commitment to climate change, MRL has                  MRL will strive to achieve its net zero target by focusing on
                                                                                                  displacing diesel fuel, renewable generation, electrification of                              Table 10 shows our FY16 to FY21 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in metric tonnes of CO2e equivalent.
                        adopted a Paris-aligned climate-related risk framework and long-
                        term emission reduction target of net zero operational emissions by       equipment and transport, energy storage and adopting future fuels.
                                                                                                  Abatement projects will prioritise current operational efficiencies                                                                                                      FY16           FY17                        FY18                        FY191                    FY202                       FY21
                        2050 – as detailed in our Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions9
                        in Figure 5. MRL will utilise its experience gained over three            and ‘net zero ready’ asset design to drive emissions reductions                                    Scope 1 (tCO2e)                                                      108,427        181,475                     215,726                     195,034                   222,978                    296,343
                        decades of operations and a proven ability to deliver – combined          before carbon offset purchasing is considered.
                        with our BOO capability and innovative materials handling solutions                                                                                                          Scope 2 (tCO2e)                                                          1,898         3,007                        2,222                     2,373                      1,917                      1,993
                                                                                                  We will also continue to review our Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions
                        – to respond to climate change challenges at our operations and           to remain agile and responsive to technological and commercial                                     Total (tCO2e)                                                       110,325         184,482                    217,948                      197,406                 224,895                      298,336
                        provide mining services solutions to assist the resources industry in     advancements. We will continue to assess our performance against                              1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             GHG emissions for FY19 have been restated, reduced by 11 per cent, following adoption of the legal position relating exclusion of rail operator emissions.
                        its decarbonising efforts.                                                this roadmap and report our progress on an annual basis. For                                  2
                                                                                                                                                                                                             GHG emissions for FY20 have been restated, reduced by 17 per cent, following adoption of the legal position relating to the exclusion of rail operator emissions.

                        To support our emission reduction target, MRL conducted a                 further detail refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report.                                       Table 10: FY16 to FY21 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
                        thorough review process to further understand and prioritise our:
                        • Current and projected emissions profile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      FY19                       FY20                      FY21                      Change
                        • Climate-related risks and the resilience and adaptability of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Year-on-year
                          business in a low-carbon economy                                                                                                                                            GHG intensity1: tCO2e/ TMM (wet metric kt)                                                                       3.21                       2.39                       2.27                reduction of 5%
                        • Overall indicative abatement challenges for our business
                                                                                                                                                                                                1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             The GHG emissions included in the intensity metrics are Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, which include the greenhouse gases CO2, CH4, N2O and SF6.
                        • Potential emissions reduction initiatives                               9
                                                                                                      This excludes GHG emissions from our mining services activities, as MRL does not have
                                                                                                      operational control over these activities.                                                Table 11: FY19 to FY21 carbon intensity of our operations (tCO2e/TMM)




                        41 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 42
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - CLIMATE CHANGE (CONTINUED)                                                                                            SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - SOCIAL




                                                                                                                                                                      SOCIAL                                        ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES                            COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                      We strive to develop and maintain             MRL is committed to providing local              MRL supports local communities through
                                                                                                                                                                      strong community and stakeholder              communities with open and transparent            contributions that offer positive community




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      relationships as part of our social licence   access to information about our operations.      benefits. Our community contributions
                                                                                                                                                                      to operate and to build capacity.                                                              generate value for society, while also
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The aim of our Stakeholder Engagement
                                                                                                                                                                      An important part of maintaining our social                                                    promoting MRL, enhancing our reputation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Management Plan and Community
                                                                                                                                                                      licence to operate is demonstrating the                                                        and demonstrating our corporate social
                                                                                                                                                                      value we create for society. We achieve       Relations Strategy is to ensure we engage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     responsibility.
                                                                                                                                                                      this through developing strong community      effectively with local communities,
                                                                                                                                                                      and stakeholder relationships and creating    government and other key stakeholders            MRL defines community contributions
                                                                                                                                                                      opportunities for skills development.         on matters concerning environment, land          as voluntary spend that benefits the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    access, heritage and community during all        community and applies its contributions
                                                                                                                                                                      Positive community relationships are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    phases of our operations.                        across four categories:
                                                                                                                                                                      essential to MRL’s operations. They align
                                                                                                                                                                      expectations, minimise project disruptions    We have a dedicated Cultural Heritage and        • Community partnerships in the form of
                                                                                                                                                                      and delays, benefit local communities and     Native Title team, which work closely with,         multi-year commitments to organisations
                                                                                                                                                                      enhance MRL’s reputation. We recognise        Traditional Owners to ensure continued              that focus on creating positive outcomes
                        EMISSIONS REDUCTION INITIATIVES                                         MRL FY21 emission reduction initiatives include:                      genuine and effective stakeholder             identification, recognition and protection          in health and wellbeing, education and
                                                                                                                                                                      engagement involves building relationships                                                        employment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    of all cultural heritage. Our team carries out
                        MRL continues to investigate alternative and renewable energy           POWER GENERATION                                                      based on mutual trust, respect and
                                                                                                                                                                      understanding.                                heritage surveys across all our operations       • Donations to community charity
                        options for power generation, road transport and mining
                                                                                                • Committed of a $6 million, 2.1 megawatt peak solar array with                                                     in alignment with the individual heritage           fundraisers and not-for-profit
                        equipment, all aimed at delivering responsible and sustainable                                                                                During FY21, we strengthened our
                                                                                                  battery storage to displace diesel generation for crushing,                                                       agreements with Traditional Owner groups            organisations
                        success.                                                                                                                                      community connections by:
                                                                                                  non-process infrastructure and camp requirements at our                                                           and within the guidelines of the Australian      • Contributions towards education
                        Our short-term transitionary decarbonisation efforts will include gas     Wonmunna iron ore operation in the Pilbara. This is planned for     • Developing deeper relationships with        Aboriginal Heritage Act (1972). These               support for primary and high schools
                        alternatives. ERL continues to identify and explore opportunities to      completion during the first half of FY22 and will support around      members of the communities in which         surveys inform the location and design of
                                                                                                                                                                        we operate, including non-government                                                         • Contributing to community facilities and
                        develop and secure low-cost gas solutions to support the growth           30 per cent of the site’s energy needs – reducing diesel                                                          our operations to avoid areas of heritage
                                                                                                                                                                        entities                                                                                        events
                        and development of MRL and the broader resource industry                  consumption by approximately 600,000 litres and carbon                                                            significance.
                        in Western Australia. Renewable energy technologies, such as              emissions by around 1,800 tonnes of CO2 per year. The system        • Building awareness of projects to ensure                                                     During FY21, MRL supported more than
                                                                                                                                                                        they are known and understood prior to      MRL has several agreements in place with
                        solar and wind generated electricity, will become an increasingly         has been designed with an expected life of up to 20 years, such                                                                                                    70 charitable organisations focused
                                                                                                                                                                        approval processes                          Traditional Owners, which outline a range
                        significant part of our energy mix going forward.                         that when Wonmunna reaches its end-of mine life, the solar                                                                                                         on improving health and wellbeing,
                                                                                                                                                                      • Engaging with non-government                of obligations such as heritage protocols,
                                                                                                  array can be redeployed to another location.                                                                                                                       employment and education outcomes.
                                                                                                                                                                        conservation organisations and              employment and business opportunities,
                                                                                                • Analysed geothermal potential in Western Australia                                                                                                                 This included increased contributions to
                                                                                                                                                                        individuals                                 community engagement, cultural awareness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     organisations offering domestic violence
                                                                                                • Modelled the feasibility of using wind power for one of our         • Conducting MRL-focused community            training, health and education initiatives,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     support services, which have faced
                                                                                                  coastal projects                                                      forums                                      and work-ready programs. We continue to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     increased demand due to the pressures of
                                                                                                • Completed design of modular LNG storage facilities                                                                proactively work with Traditional Owners to
                                                                                                                                                                      • Participating in existing local community                                                    COVID-19 on families.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    identify further opportunities to collaborate.
                                                                                                MINING EQUIPMENT                                                        forums and local shire meetings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     MRL also continued its multi-year
                                                                                                                                                                      • Presenting our plans to the Chamber of      During FY21, MRL submitted a Board-
                                                                                                • Participated as a patron in the “Charge On” Haul Truck                                                                                                             partnerships with the following
                                                                                                                                                                        Commerce and Industry WA                    approved Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)
                                                                                                  Electrification Challenge                                                                                                                                          organisations during FY21:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to Reconciliation Australia, which outlines
                                                                                                • Tested autonomous road trains in Perth, with plans to test in the   • Establishing relationships with schools     and further strengthens our commitment           • Shooting Stars
                                                                                                  Yilgarn in the first half of FY22                                     and developing work experience              to reconciliation with Aboriginal and Torres     • Youth Focus
                                                                                                                                                                        programs at mine sites for local high
                                                                                                • Purchased the first electric truck fully assembled in Australia                                                   Strait Islander communities.                     • Starlight Children’s Foundation
                                                                                                                                                                        schools
                                                                                                FUTURE ENERGY                                                                                                       Our RAP includes opportunities to                • Lucy Saw Centre
                                                                                                                                                                      • Hosting business development and
                                                                                                                                                                        employment sessions                         make meaningful contributions towards            • Harry Perkins Institute of Medical 		
                                                                                                • Participant in the Future Energy Exports Cooperative Research
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    reconciliation within the communities where         Research
                                                                                                  Centre including:                                                   • Further investing in our community          MRL operates, while outlining proposed
                                                                                                  -    Paths to a Sustainable Hydrogen Supply Chain project             development partnerships at a local 		                                                       • Telethon 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    initiatives across relationships, respect,
                                                                                                                                                                        level                                                                                        • Ronald McDonald House Charities
                                                                                                   -		   Net-Zero Australia project                                                                                 opportunities, and governance.
                                                                                                                                                                      • Supporting school NAIDOC events,                                                                (extended with a three-year partnership
                                                                                                • Supported the development of the proposed Kwinana Energy              country week events, regional fairs and                                                         FY22-24)
                                                                                                  Transformation Hub                                                    community festivals




                        43 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 44
                        SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW - SOCIAL




                        Additionally, we developed new partnerships with:                       To further support business growth and address the developing
                        • Perth Children’s Hospital Foundation                                  skills shortage across our industry, we are committed to providing
                                                                                                professional development opportunities for our existing employees.
                        • Telethon Kids Institute - Yawardani Jan-ga




For personal use only
                                                                                                During FY21, we introduced our Trade Upgrades Program and
                        • Lifeline WA                                                           currently have 11 employees completing trade upgrades within the
                        • McGovern Foundation                                                   business. Nine of these are upskilling to become heavy duty fitters
                                                                                                and two are training to become auto electricians.
                        During FY21, MRL contributed $5.25 million to communities, more
                        than doubling efforts from FY20, which reflects the financial success   Our Graduate Program is a 24-month structured program, internally
                        of our business this year (refer to Figure 6).                          developed and assessed across a mixture of site and office-based
                                                                                                work. Graduates gain industry experience through corporate and
                                            Community Contributions ($ million)
                                                                                                site-based work placements of four, six-month rotations. This allows
                        6                                                                       graduates to experience different areas of their chosen career
                                                                                         5.25   path. Our FY21 intake welcomed 14 graduates – across a range of
                        5                                                                       disciplines including accounting, geology, engineering, metallurgy
                                                                                                and environment – an increase from six in FY20.
                        4
                                                                                                PROMOTING CAREERS IN THE MINING INDUSTRY
                        3                                                         2.60          For the past eight years, MRL has sponsored several scholarships
                                                                   1.99
                                                                                                at Rockingham Senior High School. The MRL Scholarship Program
                        2                                                                       supports students who excel in hands-on skills and have achieved
                                         1.28        1.37
                              1.06
                                                                                                outstanding results in trade-related areas of study.
                        1
                                                                                                During FY21, we also continued our relationship with the Kwinana
                        0                                                                       Industries Council (KIC), which has a rich history of supporting
                              FY16       FY17        FY18         FY19            FY20   FY21   the growth, development and sustainability of businesses in the
                                                                                                Kwinana industrial area. This included hosting 12 female students
                        Figure 6: Community contributions ($ million)                           on work experience placements.
                                                                                                MRL also continued its sponsorship of iWomen Projects, an
                        SKILLS DEVELOPMENT
                                                                                                initiative promoting career opportunities in the mining sector to
                        As competition for employee talent increases, MRL needs to              Year 10 female students from KIC-collaborating schools in the
                        contribute to the development of skills our business requires now       region.
                        and into the future. Our Learning and Development Tactical Plan
                                                                                                We also attended and sponsored several career development
                        provides pathways for introducing new talent to our business and
                                                                                                events including the 2021 ‘Get Into Resources’ event at North
                        details development initiatives for existing employees. MRL offers
                                                                                                Metro TAFE, The Big Meet 2021 Perth graduate recruitment fair, the
                        apprenticeships, traineeships and a Graduate Program designed to
                                                                                                2021 Chamber of Minerals and Energy Inspiring Girls Career Forum,
                        attract new talent to our company.
                                                                                                and the Shape Your Future Youth Expo in Kwinana. These events
                        Our Apprenticeship Program continues to strengthen each                 were attended by members of our Learning and Development
                        year. During FY21, we employed apprentices across a range of            team, who engaged with students and offered advice on career
                        trades including heavy duty fitters, electricians, boilermakers and     pathways available within the industry.
                        mechanical fitters – bringing the total number of apprentices in
                        our business to 52, an increase of 53 per cent from the previous
                        year. This total includes seven apprentices who identify as female,
                        more than doubling from the previous year. To further support our
                        apprentices, we also employed a full-time apprentice mentor to
                        help guide their professional and personal development. Through
                        our partnership with Youth Focus, our employees under the age
                        of 25 also have access to a counsellor specifically trained to assist
                        younger people.
                        In addition, MRL offers 12-month trainee programs with Registered
                        Training Organisations. In FY21 we developed 17 trainees, of whom
                        65 per cent identify as female.



                                                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 46
For personal use only
                        ANNUAL
                        FINANCIAL
                        REPORT
                        GENERAL INFORMATION
                        The financial statements cover Mineral Resources Limited as a group consisting of Mineral Resources Limited (the ‘Company’ or ‘parent
                        entity’) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year (the ‘Group’). The financial statements are presented in Australian
                        dollars, which is the Group’s functional and presentation currency.
                        Mineral Resources Limited is a listed public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office and
                        principal place of business is:
                        1 Sleat Road
                        Applecross WA 6153
                        A description of the nature of the Group’s operations and its principal activities are included in the notes to the financial statements.
                        The financial statements were authorised for issue, in accordance with a resolution of Directors, on 11 August 2021.




                        SUN AND MOON
                        The goanna has been with us for all time. He has been with
                        us on our journey and he will still be here long after we have
                        moved on.
                        Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        47 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        DIRECTORS                                                                                                                                        Ashburton Hub to underpin a long-term,
                                                                                                                                                                         sustainable iron ore export business. The
                        The Directors present their report, together with the financial statements, for the year ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                         transaction is conditional on RHI obtaining




For personal use only
                        Peter Wade                                                                                                                                       shareholder approval. MRL will pay RHI
                        Chris Ellison                                                                                                                                    $200m, out of existing cash resources, on
                        James McClements                                                                                                                                 completion of the acquisition of the RHIOJV
                        Kelvin Flynn                                                                                                                                     interest and a further $200m in cash when
                                                                                                                                                                         the first commercial shipment of iron ore
                        Susan Corlett (appointed 4 January 2021)
                                                                                                                                                                         extracted from the RHIOJV tenements
                        Xi Xi                                                                                                                                            departs port. In addition, MRL will pay
                        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND REVIEW OF OPERATIONS                                                                                                    RHI a royalty of 0.75 per cent of “Free on
                                                                                                                                                                         Board” (FOB) revenue on all iron ore that
                        During the financial year, the principal continuing activities of the Group consisted of the integrated supply of goods and services to the      is extracted and sold from the RHIOJV
                        resources sector.                                                                                                                                tenements and from MRL’s Bungaroo
                                                                                                                                                                         South tenement, provided Bungaroo
                        The overview of the Group’s operations, and a review of the operational performance, financial performance and cash and capital
                                                                                                                                                                         South is developed in association with the
                        management are contained in the following sections of the Annual Report: Overview on pages 7 to 12, Operational Review on pages 13 to            development of the RHIOJV tenements.
                        24 and Financial Review on pages 25 to 28.                                                                                                       MRL expects the acquisition of the
                                                                                                                                                                         RHIOJV interest to complete around early
                        DIVIDENDS                                                                                                                                        September 2021.
                                                                                                                    Cents              Franked %           $m            No other matter or circumstance has arisen
                                                                                                                                                                         since 30 June 2021 that has significantly
                        2021 Financial Year final dividend – declared 11 August 2021                                175.00              100%              329.4          affected, or may significantly affect the
                                                                                                                                                                         Group’s operations, the results of those
                        2021 Financial Year interim dividend – paid 10 February 2021                                100.00              100%              188.6
                                                                                                                                                                         operations, or the Group’s state of affairs in
                        2020 Financial Year final dividend – paid 15 September 2020                                  77.00              100%              144.6          future financial years.
                        2020 Financial Year interim dividend – paid 26 March 2020                                    23.00              100%               43.4          LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND
                                                                                                                                                                         EXPECTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                        SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS                             This impacts the Group’s ability to transport iron ore from its          Information on likely developments in the
                                                                                                operations as the shortage of road train drivers constrains the          operations of the Group and the expected
                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the        movement of materials.                                                   results of operations have not been
                        Group during the financial year.                                                                                                                 included in this report as the Directors
                                                                                                During FY21 MRL continued COVID-19 testing checks as part                believe it would be likely to result in
                        MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL                          of the fit-for-work regime for all Fly In Fly Out (FIFO) workers as      unreasonable prejudice to the Group.
                        YEAR                                                                    and when required. In addition, the Group maintains its ability,
                                                                                                through MinRes Health, to rapidly re-activate these testing services,    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
                        The following significant events have arisen since the end of the       thereby benefitting the Group and the wider resources industry           The Group is subject to environmental
                        financial year.                                                         and general community in Western Australia. Importantly, MinRes          regulation of its operations, including
                                                                                                Health testing facilities are able to be re-commissioned within          exploration and mining activities. The
                        Dividend                                                                approximately 12 hours of a public health notification of a positive     Directors are not aware of any significant
                        On 11 August 2021, the Directors declared a final fully franked         COVID-19 case in Western Australia. Despite these measures,              known breaches of environmental
                        dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of $1.75 per share to be       the challenges presented by COVID-19 are fluid and continue to           regulations to which the Group is subject.
                        paid on 7 September 2021, a total estimated distribution of $329.4      change; it is therefore not practical to estimate the potential impact
                        million based on the number of ordinary shares on issue as at           of COVID-19 after the reporting date. The Group will continue            The Group is registered under the National
                        18 August 2021.                                                         to assess its response to the COVID-19 pandemic on an ongoing            Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
                                                                                                basis.                                                                   Act 2007, under which it is required to
                        COVID-19 pandemic                                                                                                                                report annual energy consumption and
                                                                                                Red Hill Iron Limited                                                    greenhouse gas emissions for its Australian
                        During FY21 the Group continued with its proactive implementation
                                                                                                On 30 July 2021 the Company reached agreement with Red                   facilities. The Group has systems and
                        of a range of measures and adaptations to its operations in
                                                                                                Hill Iron Limited (ASX: RHI; Red Hill Iron) to acquire RHI’s 40 per      processes in place for the collection and
                        response to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, border closures
                                                                                                cent participating interest in the Red Hill Iron Ore Joint Venture       calculation of data. Further information on
                        and lockdowns following COVID-19 outbreaks around Australia
                                                                                                (RHIOJV) in the West Pilbara region of Western Australia. (ASX: MIN      the reporting and results under the Act can
                        continue to impact MRL operations, primarily through the forced
                                                                                                30/07/2021). The proposed acquisition of the RHIOJV interest aligns      be found on the Group’s website.
                        curtailment of staff movements from interstate and overseas.
                                                                                                with MRL’s strategy to expand its mineral resources around the




                        49 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 50
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS                                                                                                                 INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

                        PETER WADE                                                           CHRIS ELLISON                                                       JAMES MCCLEMENTS                                                      KELVIN FLYNN




For personal use only
                        Title: Non-Executive Chair                                           Title: Managing Director                                            Title: Lead Independent Non-Executive Director                        Title: Independent Non-Executive Director

                        Appointment: 27 February 2006                                        Appointment: 27 February 2006                                       Appointment: 29 May 2015                                              Appointment: 22 March 2010

                        Qualifications: BE (Hons) LGE                                        Experience and expertise: Chris is the founding shareholder         Qualifications: B Econ (Hons)                                         Qualifications: B Com, CA
                                                                                             of each of the three original subsidiary companies of Mineral
                        Experience and expertise: Peter has over 46 years of experience      Resources Limited (Crushing Services International Pty Ltd, PIHA    Experience and expertise: James has 35 years of experience            Experience and expertise: Kelvin is a qualified Chartered
                        in engineering, construction, project management, mining and         Pty Ltd and Process Minerals International Pty Ltd). He has over    in the mining industry as a banker and fund manager financing         Accountant with over 30 years of experience in investment banking
                        infrastructure services. He started his career with the NSW Public   40 years of experience in the mining contracting, engineering and   projects globally. He was raised and educated in the Pilbara region   and corporate advisory roles, including private equity and special
                        Service managing the construction of significant infrastructure      resource processing industries within Australia.                    of Western Australia and began his professional career with BHP       situations investments in the mining and resources sector. He has
                        projects in NSW including the Port Kembla coal loader and the                                                                            Limited before joining Standard Chartered Bank in Perth and N.M.      held various leadership positions in Australia and Asia, having
                        grain terminals at Newcastle and Wollongong and was also             Since 2013, Chris has also served as Honorary Consul for New        Rothschild & Sons in Sydney then Denver. James also spent 11          previously held the position of Executive Director/Vice President
                        the Deputy Director for the Darling Harbour Redevelopment            Zealand within Western Australia.                                   years in the USA and co-founded Resource Capital Funds during         with Goldman Sachs and Managing Director of Alvarez & Marsal
                        construction project.                                                                                                                    that time. James is currently the Managing Partner of RCF and has     in Asia. He has worked in complex financial workouts, turnaround
                                                                                             Other current directorships: None                                   extensive Board experience having served as a Director of 12 RCF      advisory and interim management.
                        Following his period of employment with the NSW Public
                                                                                                                                                                 portfolio companies.
                        Service, Peter joined the executive team of the Transfield Group.    Former directorships (last 3 years): None                                                                                                 Kelvin is the Managing Director of the specialist alternative funds
                        Throughout the 1980s and 1990s he was General Manager of                                                                                                                                                       manager Harvis, which focuses on investments in the real estate
                                                                                             Special responsibilities: Managing Director                         Other current directorships: None
                        Sabemo Pty Ltd, Transfield Construction Pty Ltd, and Transfield                                                                                                                                                and real assets sectors. Kelvin is currently a Non-Executive Director
                        Power Technologies and subsequently became Transfield Chief          Interests in shares: 22,922,980                                     Former directorships (last 3 years): None                             of Silver Lake Resources Limited.
                        Operations Officer (Southern). During this period Peter was
                        responsible for significant build, own, operate projects including   Interests in options: None                                          Special responsibilities: Chair of Remuneration Committee             Other current directorships: Silver Lake Resources Limited
                        the Melbourne City Link, the Airport Link, the Northside Storage                                                                         Member of the Audit and Risk Committee (May 2015 to January           (ASX: SLR)
                        Tunnel and the Collinsville and Smithfield Power Plants.                                                                                 2021)
                                                                                                                                                                 Member of Nomination Committee                                        Former directorships (last 3 years): None
                        Peter became Managing Director of Crushing Services International
                        Pty Ltd and PIHA Pty Ltd in 1999, and subsequently Process                                                                               Interests in shares: 18,383                                           Special responsibilities: Chair of Audit and Risk Committee
                        Minerals International Pty Ltd in 2002 (now wholly owned                                                                                                                                                       Member of Nomination Committee
                        subsidiaries of Mineral Resources Limited). He managed the                                                                               Interests in options: None                                            Member of Remuneration Committee
                        companies through a sustained period of growth and development
                        prior to the formation and listing of Mineral Resources Limited in                                                                                                                                             Interests in shares: 18,354
                        2006 at which time he was appointed Managing Director of the                                                                                                                                                   Interests in options: None
                        Group. He was subsequently appointed Executive Chair in 2008
                        and Non-Executive Chair in 2012.

                        Other current directorships: None

                        Former directorships (last 3 years): SRG Global Limited
                        (ASX: SRG) (resigned 26 November 2019)

                        Special responsibilities: Chair of Board of Directors

                        Interests in shares: 348,498

                        Interests in options: None




                        51 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 52
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                             COMPANY SECRETARIES

                        SUSAN CORLETT                                                            XI XI                                                                   MARK WILSON joined Mineral Resources Limited as Chief                                              DEREK OELOFSE has over 35 years’ financial and commercial
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Officer in August 2018, and was subsequently appointed                                   management experience in large private, governmental and




For personal use only
                        Title: Independent Non-Executive Director                                Title: Independent Non-Executive Director                               as Company Secretary on 19 October 2018. Mark is an experienced                                    listed entities based within Australia, South Africa and the United
                                                                                                                                                                         senior executive with a strong track record in development and                                     Kingdom. Derek has a Bachelor of Accounting and Bachelor of
                        Appointment: 4 January 2021                                              Appointment: 11 September 2017                                          implementation of business strategy, balance sheet management,                                     Commerce degree from the University of the Witwatersrand in
                        Qualifications: BSc (Geo, Hons), FAusIMM, GAICD                          Qualifications: MAIR, BS. CPR                                           organisational design, project management, and transaction                                         South Africa, a Master of Business Administration from Henley
                                                                                                                                                                         execution. Mark has held senior positions in a number of Australian                                Management College in the United Kingdom, and is a Fellow of
                        Experience and expertise: Susan Corlett is a professional                Experience and expertise: Xi Xi has over 20 years of experience         and international companies, including Laing O’Rourke, Multiplex                                   the Institute of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand.
                        Non-Executive Director following a 25-year executive career              in the global natural resources sector having served as a Director      and Brookfield Multiplex. Mark holds a Bachelor of Commerce                                        Derek joined Mineral Resources Limited in 2012 as Group Financial
                        spanning mine operations, investment banking and private equity.         of Sailing Capital, a US$2 billion private equity fund founded by       (Finance) and Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South                                    Controller and was appointed joint Company Secretary on 4
                        Susan is currently Non-Executive Director of Iluka Resources Ltd,        the Shanghai International Group in 2012. She has worked with           Wales, and has a Graduate Diploma in Applied Finance and                                           October 2018.
                        Aurelia Metals Limited, a Director of The Foundation for National        numerous Chinese state owned and privately owned enterprises,           Investment from the Securities Institute of Australia (FINSIA).
                        Parks and Wildlife and a Trustee of the Australian Institute of Mining   advising on international acquisitions and investments overseas.
                        and Metallurgy (AusIMM) Education Endowment Fund.                        Xi Xi has previously served as an analyst and portfolio manager
                                                                                                 for the Tigris Financial Group (Electrum) in New York, focused in the   MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
                        Originally a geologist, Susan has a background in mining
                                                                                                 oil and gas and mining sectors. Xi Xi currently serves as a             The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (the Board) and of each Board committee held during the year ended
                        operations and mineral exploration. During her executive career,
                                                                                                 Non-Executive Director of Zeta Resources, a closed-end investment       30 June 2021, and the number of meetings attended by each Director while they were a member of the Board/committee were:
                        she was an Investment Director for global mining private equity
                                                                                                 company with a broad portfolio of oil and gas, as well as mining
                        fund and worked in mining credit risk management and project
                                                                                                 assets.
                        finance for Standard Bank Limited, Deutsche Bank and                                                                                                                                                  Full Board                  Audit & Risk Committee               Remuneration Committee                 Nomination Committee
                        Macquarie Bank.
                                                                                                 Other current directorships: None                                                                                   Attended              Held           Attended              Held            Attended              Held            Attended              Held
                        Susan has a track record of delivering significant value to
                        stakeholders through the deployment of growth strategies,                Former directorships (last 3 years): Galaxy Resources Limited               Peter Wade   1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         13                 13                  2                  4                 1                  4                  2                  2
                        oversight of capital allocation, project execution and operational       (ASX: GXY) (ceased 11 September 2017)
                                                                                                                                                                             Chris Ellison                               13                 13                n/a                n/a                n/a                n/a                n/a                n/a
                        excellence. Her career success has been underpinned by sound
                                                                                                 Special responsibilities: Chair of Nomination Committee                     James McClements2                           13                 13                  2                  4                 4                  4                  2                  2
                        commercial judgement, strong risk management skills and a long
                                                                                                 Member of the Audit and Risk Committee (joined January 2021)
                        standing commitment to diversity, inclusion, shared values and                                                                                       Kelvin Flynn                                13                 13                  4                  4                 4                  4                  2                  2
                        sustainability.                                                          Interests in shares: 16,887                                                 Susan Corlett    3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          7                  7                  2                  2                 2                  2                  1                  1
                        Susan’s qualifications include a Bachelor of Science (Hons.              Interests in options: None                                                  Xi Xi                                       13                 13                  2                  4                n/a                n/a                 2                  2
                        Geology) from the University of Melbourne. Susan is a Graduate
                        of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and Fellow of the                                                                               1
                                                                                                                                                                              Peter Wade served as an interim member of the Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee from July 2020 through to January 2021; prior to the appointment of Susan Corlett as a
                        AusIMM. Susan is a member of Chief Executive Women. Susan is             ‘Other current directorships’ quoted above are current                       Committee member.
                                                                                                 directorships for listed entities only and excludes directorships            Rotated off the Audit and Risk Committee in January 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                         2
                        an active mentor to female leaders in the natural resources industry                                                                             3
                                                                                                                                                                              Joined Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee in January 2021. All Non-Executive Directors are members of the Nominations Committee.
                        through AusIMM Women in Mining and to disadvantaged youth                of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.
                        through the David Burgess Foundation.
                                                                                                 ‘Former directorships (in the last 3 years)’ quoted above are
                        Other current directorships: Iluka Resources Limited (ASX: ILU)          directorships held in the last 3 years for listed entities and
                        Aurelia Metals Limited (ASX: AMI)                                        excludes directorships of all other types of entities, unless
                                                                                                 otherwise stated.
                        Former directorships (last 3 years): None                                ‘Interest in shares’ quoted above are as at the date of this
                        Special responsibilities: Member of Audit and Risk Committee             report.
                        Member of the Nominations Committee
                        Member of Remuneration Committee

                        Interests in shares: 1,071

                        Interests in options: None




                        53 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 54
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES                               ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
                        OFFICERS
                                                                          Details of the amounts paid or payable to        The Company is of a kind referred to in
                        The Company has indemnified the Directors         the auditor for non-audit services provided      Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued




For personal use only
                        and Executives of the Company for costs           during the financial year by the auditor         by the Australian Securities and Investments
                        incurred, in their capacity as a Director         are outlined in note 35 to the financial         Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’.
                        or Executive, for which they may be held          statements.                                      Amounts in this report have been rounded
                        personally liable, except where there is a                                                         off in accordance with that Corporations
                                                                          The Directors are satisfied that the provision
                        lack of good faith.                                                                                Instrument to the nearest million dollars,
                                                                          of non-audit services during the financial
                                                                                                                           unless otherwise stated.
                        During the financial year, the Company            year, by the auditor (or by another person or
                        paid a premium in respect of a contract           firm on the auditor’s behalf) is compatible
                                                                                                                           AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE
                        to insure the Directors and Executives            with the general standard of independence
                                                                                                                           DECLARATION
                        of the Company against a liability to the         for auditors imposed by the Corporations
                        extent permitted by the Corporations Act          Act 2001.                                        A copy of the auditor’s independence
                        2001. The contract of insurance prohibits                                                          declaration as required under section 307C
                                                                          The Directors are of the opinion that the
                        disclosure of the nature of the liability and                                                      of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
                                                                          services as disclosed in note 35 to the
                        the amount of the premium.                                                                         immediately after this Directors’ Report.
                                                                          financial statements do not compromise
                                                                          the external auditor’s independence
                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF                                                                         AUDITOR
                                                                          requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
                        AUDITOR
                                                                          for the following reasons:                       RSM Australia Partners continues in office
                        The Company has not, during or since the                                                           in accordance with section 327 of the
                                                                          • all non-audit services have been
                        financial year, indemnified or agreed to                                                           Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                            reviewed and approved to ensure
                        indemnify the auditor of the Company or
                                                                            that they do not impact the integrity and      This report is made in accordance with a
                        any related entity against a liability incurred
                                                                            objectivity of the auditor; and                resolution of Directors, pursuant to section
                        by the auditor.
                                                                                                                           298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                          • none of the services undermine the
                        During the financial year, the Company has
                                                                            general principles relating to auditor         On behalf of the Directors.
                        not paid a premium in respect of a contract
                                                                            independence as set out in APES 110
                        to insure the auditor of the Company or any
                                                                            Code of Ethics for Professional
                        related entity.
                                                                            Accountants issued by the Accounting
                                                                            Professional and Ethical Standards
                        PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE
                                                                            Board, including reviewing or auditing
                        COMPANY                                                                                            Chris Ellison
                                                                            the auditor’s own work, acting in a
                        No person has applied to the Court                  management or decision-making                  Managing Director
                        under section 237 of the Corporations Act           capacity for the Company, acting as
                        2001 for leave to bring proceedings on              advocate for the Company or jointly
                        behalf of the Company, or to intervene in           sharing economic risks and rewards.            11 August 2021
                        any proceedings to which the Company                                                               Perth
                        is a party for the purpose of taking              OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY WHO
                        responsibility on behalf of the Company for       ARE FORMER PARTNERS OF RSM
                        all or part of those proceedings.                 AUSTRALIA PARTNERS
                                                                          There are no officers of the Company
                                                                          who are former partners of RSM Australia
                                                                          Partners.




                                                                                                                           MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 56
For personal use only
                        REMUNERATION
                        REPORT

                        HUNTING GROUNDS
                        This painting is a depiction of our hunting grounds
                        where we have been travelling to for many years
                        connecting from the Yilgarn region near Lake Deborah
                        - Bullfinch/Koolyanobbing, travelling through to the
                        Wheatbelt regions connecting our hunting grounds
                        to Lake Campion near Nungarin and on to Baandee
                        Lake in between Merredin and Kellerberrin finishing at
                        Mount Stirling South of Kellerberrin.
                        Collaborative art by Aaron Hayden.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        57 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        REMUNERATION REPORT




                        LETTER FROM THE REMUNERATION                        tonnes of 23 per cent. These increases          Given both this success and continued
                        COMMITEE CHAIR                                      combined with a high iron ore price to          shareholder support for the remuneration
                                                                            generate a record underlying profit after tax   strategy and structures that became
                        Dear Shareholder,




For personal use only
                                                                            of $1.1 billion, up 230 per cent on the prior   effective in FY20, there have been
                        I am pleased to present the 2021                    year. During FY21, the Company’s market         no changes to our overall executive
                        Financial Year (FY21) Remuneration                  capitalisation increased by 155 per cent,       remuneration structure in FY21.
                        Report (Remuneration Report) for Mineral            net assets increased by 41 per cent and
                        Resources Limited (MRL, the Group or the            revenue from normal operations increased        CHANGES TO EXECUTIVE
                        Company) on behalf of the Remuneration              by 76 per cent. The Company was included        REMUNERATION
                        Committee (the Committee). Significant              in the ASX 100 index on 21 December 2020.       No changes were made to the
                        engagement has been undertaken with                 Most notably, the Company has continued         remuneration in FY21 of the Managing
                        investors and Proxy Advisors in recent              both to lead the industry in its response       Director, Chief Financial Officer or Chief
                        years as we developed a new remuneration            to operational challenges created by            Executive, Mining Services. The Fixed
                        framework suited to the Group’s strategy.           the COVID-19 pandemic and to improve            Annual Remuneration (FAR) for the Chief
                        The Committee has been pleased with                 its industry-leading safety performance,        Executive – Commodities was revised in
                        shareholder support for the Company’s               despite its workforce growing by 39 per         FY21, to align with the Chief Executive –
                        remuneration strategy and structures                cent in FY21.                                   Mining Services.
                        following the substantial changes to
                                                                            The Company’s strong focus on                   Following the Company’s substantial
                        remuneration structures first announced in
                                                                            sustainability continued in FY21, with the      growth in recent years, the Remuneration
                        the 2019 Remuneration Report and effective
                                                                            adoption of a commitment to achieve net         Committee updated the group of
                        from the 2020 Financial Year (FY20).                                                                                                                (such as sustainability) become more           outstanding results for shareholders, and       In conclusion, we are satisfied that the FY21
                                                                            zero carbon emissions by 2050. To achieve       Comparator Businesses used to benchmark
                        FY21 has again been a very successful                                                                                                               complex and have a greater impact              short-term incentives have been awarded         remuneration outcomes reflect and support
                                                                            this, the Company needs to establish            the Company’s remuneration structures.
                        year for the Company with considerable                                                                                                              on company perception and market               ranging from 84 per cent of maximum for         the Company’s strategic and financial
                                                                            an effective transition pathway from the        Details of the revised Comparator
                        operational success achieved, despite                                                                                                               performance. In addition, as the Board         the Managing Director, to 93 per cent for       performance.
                                                                            consumption of diesel fuel, currently a         Businesses are included in the body of the
                        COVID-19 constraints. The year saw                                                                                                                  renews and expands over the coming years,      the remaining Key Management Personnel
                                                                            key source of energy for its operations.        Remuneration Report (see Section 3.3).                                                                                                         Our Chair Peter Wade, our Head of Investor
                        record iron ore shipments, coupled with                                                                                                             these changes maintain the Company’s           (KMP).
                                                                            Natural gas has a critical role to play                                                                                                                                                        Relations James Bruce, and I once again
                        an expansion of operations in our Utah                                                              The Managing Director’s FAR is now around       ability to attract suitably qualified and
                                                                            in this transition, and the Company is                                                                                                         Consistent with the design of the               met with a number of Institutional Investors
                        Hub with the successful acquisition,                                                                the 25th percentile of the Comparator           experienced Directors.
                                                                            progressing its search for gas resources in                                                                                                    Short-Term Incentive (STI) program, a           and Proxy Advisors over the last few
                        development and commissioning of the                the Perth Basin and Northern Carnarvon          Businesses, with more remuneration ‘at          FY21 OUTCOMES AND ALIGNMENT                    significant portion of rewards will be          months. It was pleasing to note the high
                        new Wonmunna Iron Ore Mine. Our Yilgarn             Basin. Likewise, the Company’s focus on         risk’ and able to be earned only through                                                       deferred for up to two years and settled in     level of continued support at these sessions
                                                                                                                            performance. On target total remuneration       FY21 has been an exceptional year for
                        Hub was also expanded through the                   innovation continued unabated in FY21,                                                                                                         equity, to further align management and         for the Group’s remuneration arrangements.
                                                                                                                            sits around the 63rd percentile.                the Company, with a record operating
                        development of new mining regions that              with the development of carbon fibre                                                                                                           shareholder interests. Further detail of        This feedback is sincerely appreciated, and
                                                                                                                                                                            result for shareholders. The result was
                        will ensure greater operational flexibility.        screening trays that will both reduce energy                                                                                                   these outcomes can be found in Section 5        we continue to value any further feedback
                                                                                                                            CHANGES TO NON-EXECUTIVE                        delivered despite intense labour shortages
                        Mining Services volumes increased, in part          consumption and increase longevity of                                                                                                          of the Remuneration Report.                     you may have in this regard.
                                                                                                                            DIRECTOR REMUNERATION                           that resulted from the State and Federal
                        through the installation and commissioning          critical screening components.
                                                                                                                                                                            Government’s COVID-19 border restrictions.     Under the current LTI program the               I invite you to review the full report laid out
                        of the first instance of our new second                                                             Following approval by members at the
                                                                            The changes implemented in FY20 to                                                              Not only was the Company able to expand        Long- Term Incentive (LTI) of each KMP          over the following pages and thank you for
                        generation NextGen crushing plants.                                                                 November 2020 Annual General Meeting
                                                                            the remuneration strategy and structures                                                        operations as outlined above, over the         executive will be paid in full only if the      your interest in our Company.
                        Lithium production at Mt Marion was                                                                 for a Director Fee Pool increase, the Board
                                                                            have assisted to ensure retention of the                                                        period, MinRes Health facilitated over         four- year average ROIC exceeds 18 per
                        maintained, whilst costs were contained                                                             recommended a change to the Non-
                                                                            Company’s senior leadership group. During                                                       89,000 COVID-19 tests of the Group’s           cent, with FY21 being the first of those four
                        in a challenging economic environment                                                               Executive Director (NED) fee structure.                                                                                                        Yours faithfully
                                                                            a period of considerable change within                                                          employees along with employees of 60           years. In other words, the LTI program will
                        for lithium. Construction by Albemarle                                                              These changes represent the first change
                                                                            the mining and mining services industries,                                                      other companies operating in the Western       make significant rewards to KMP only if the
                        Corporation (NYSE: ALB) (Albemarle) of                                                              to this structure since FY15, and include the
                                                                            this stability has enabled positive cultural                                                    Australian resources and extractive            strong performance persists, irrespective of
                        the 50ktpa Kemerton Lithium Hydroxide                                                               introduction of Board committee fees to
                                                                            change to be effected, with an increased                                                        industries. This unique capability played a    commodity cycles.
                        Plant continued in the year, and mechanical                                                         recognise the significant workload inherent
                                                                            focus on mental and physical health                                                             key role in ensuring continued production
                        completion of the first 25ktpa train is due by                                                      in service on these committees, and an                                                         FY21 saw LTI grants made in FY18 under
                                                                            and wellbeing. This change, in turn, has                                                        and delivery to end-customers over the                                                         James McClements
                        the end of this calendar year.                                                                      increase in base fees for the Chair and                                                        an earlier LTI scheme vest and become
                                                                            provided a platform to attract outstanding                                                      year, while also supporting the wellbeing of                                                   Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                                            Board members. The changes reflect the                                                         unrestricted based on the Company’s 38.6
                        FY21 remuneration outcomes were driven              talent to strengthen the Company’s                                                              the broader industry.                                                                          Chair, Remuneration Committee
                                                                                                                            Company’s increasing scale and scope with                                                      per cent ROIC performance, which was well
                        by the significant growth in the business.          capability, and this is essential to the
                                                                                                                            additional responsibilities incumbent on the    In such circumstances, the Committee is        over the 12 per cent threshold required for
                        Mining Services activity increased by 20            foundation of our business to support the
                                                                                                                            Board as areas of governance risk               pleased that the incentive programmes          vesting under the FY18 LTI plan.
                        per cent and the Commodities business               substantial growth ahead of us in a highly
                                                                                                                                                                            in place have assisted in delivering
                        delivered a pleasing growth in shipped              competitive market.




                        59 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 60
                        REMUNERATION REPORT CONTENTS                                       REMUNERATION REPORT




                                                                                           1.   KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                          2.   REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                                                                                           Key Management Personnel (KMP) comprise those persons that             2.1 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE INDEPENDENCE
                                                                                           have responsibility, authority and accountability for planning,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  The Remuneration Committee continued to be comprised solely of
                                                                                           directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or
                                                                                                                                                                  independent Non-Executive Directors (NED):
                                                                                           indirectly, including any director of that entity. In this report, a
                                                                                           reference to an “Executive” or “Executives” is a reference to a KMP,   •    James McClements, Committee Chair
                                                                                           including the Managing Director.
                                                                                                                                                                  •    Kelvin Flynn, Committee Member
                                                                                           The following table outlines the KMP of the Group during the
                                                                                                                                                                  •    Susan Corlett, Committee Member (appointed 4 January 2021)
                                                                                           whole of FY21 and up to the date of this report, unless otherwise
                                                                                           stated:                                                                The third position on the Remuneration Committee, vacant in FY20
                                                                                                                                                                  has since been replaced by Susan Corlett. Peter Wade assisted in
                                                                                           EXECUTIVE KMP
                                                                                                                                                                  this role for the first half of FY21.
                                                                                           Current
                                                                                                                                                                  2.2 ROLE OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                                                           Chris Ellison		       Managing Director (MD)
                                                                                                                                                                  The Remuneration Committee advises the Board on KMP
                                                                                           Paul Brown 		         Chief Executive – Commodities                    remuneration by performing the following functions:
                                                                                           Mike Grey 		          Chief Executive – Mining Services		              •    making recommendations to the Board on remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                       structure, practices, policy and quantum for the Managing
                                                                                           Mark Wilson 		Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                                                                       Director (MD), KMP, and NEDs
                                                                                                                                                                  •    determining the eligibility, award and vesting of Short Term
                                                                                           NON-EXECUTIVE KMP
                                                                                                                                                                       Incentives (STI) and Long Term Incentives (LTI); and
                                                                                           Current                                                                •    providing oversight of company diversity and gender pay
                                                                                                                                                                       equity and recommendations to the Board on appropriate
                                                                                           Peter Wade		          Non-Executive Chair
                        This Remuneration Report forms part of the Directors’ Report for                                                                               targets.
                        the year ended 30 June 2021 and has been audited in accordance     Kelvin Flynn		        Non-Executive Director                           The Remuneration Committee convened regularly throughout FY21
                        with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.                                                                                           and invited senior management and external consultants’ input as
                        The report addresses the following key areas:                      James McClements Lead Independent Non-Executive Director               required. In addition, our Chair, Head of Investor Relations, and
                                                                                                                                                                  the Chair of the Remuneration Committee conducted a number
                                                                                           Xi Xi                 Non-Executive Director                           of engagements with Proxy Advisors and Institutional Investors
                        1. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                   62                                                                          in FY21 to assess feedback and obtain comments on their views
                                                                                           Susan Corlett		       Non-Executive Director                           relating to the remuneration levels and current structures.
                        2. REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE                                    62
                                                                                           			                   (appointed on 4 January 2021)
                                                                                                                                                                  2.3 EXTERNAL AND INDEPENDENT ADVICE
                        3. REMUNERATION STRATEGY                                      63
                                                                                                                                                                  As with previous years, the Remuneration Committee engaged the
                        4. REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK FOR FY21                            65                                                                          services of independent external consultants to provide insights on
                                                                                                                                                                  KMP remuneration trends, regulatory and governance updates and
                        5. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES FOR FY21                             72
                                                                                                                                                                  market data.
                        6. KEY CHANGES TO REMUNERATION FOR FY22                       83                                                                          No remuneration recommendations as defined in Section 9B of the
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporations Act 2001 were obtained during FY21.
                        7. SUMMARY OF KMP EMPLOYMENT CONDITIONS                       83

                        8. KMP STATUTORY REMUNERATION SCHEDULES                       84

                        9. SHARE RIGHTS GRANTED, VESTED AND POTENTIAL
                        		 FUTURE VESTING                                             86

                        10. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS HELD BY KMP                            88

                        11. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES                         89




                        61 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 62
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                  REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        3.   REMUNERATION STRATEGY                                               Long-term sustainable growth of the Company is promoted                 commercial services and mining sectors (Comparator Businesses).
                                                                                                 within the framework by the delivery of a significant portion of        Enterprise value provides a more complete valuation of a company
                        3.1 THE CONTEXT IN WHICH WE SET OUR REMUNERATION 		
                                                                                                 remuneration in equity, and equity holdings of the equivalent of        than market capitalisation alone.
                            STRATEGY




For personal use only
                                                                                                 at least one year’s FAR for KMP, assisting in aligning the senior
                                                                                                                                                                         The list of Comparator Businesses was reviewed in FY21 to ensure
                        The remuneration framework is designed to support the Company’s          leadership team’s interest with shareholders’ interests.
                                                                                                                                                                         it remains relevant, given the growth in operating activity, revenue
                        vision to be recognised as a great Australian company that:
                                                                                                                                                                         and enterprise value. As a result of this review, six companies were
                        • is a leading provider of innovative and sustainable mining             3.2   REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
                                                                                                                                                                         removed from the FY20 Comparator Businesses list: Iluka, Maca,
                            services;                                                            The following principles guide the Company’s KMP remuneration           Regis Resources, Resolute Mining, St Barbara and Whitehaven
                        • provides innovative and low-cost solutions across the mining           decisions:                                                              Coal. Saracen Mineral Holdings was removed due to its merger with
                            infrastructure supply chain;                                                                                                                 Northern Star in February 2021. The following seven entities were
                                                                                                 • fairness and impartiality;
                        • operates with integrity and respect; and                                                                                                       added: CIMIC Group, Aurizon Holdings, Beach Energy, Cleanaway
                                                                                                 • transparency;                                                         Waste Management, Orica, South32 and Seven Group Holdings.
                        • works in partnership with our clients, our customers, our people
                            and our community to achieve these objectives.                       • promotion of a direct link between reward and performance;            The current Comparator Businesses therefore comprise:
                        To create wealth for shareholders, we task our management team           • encouraging retention of key personnel over the longer term;
                                                                                                                                                                         ALS Limited
                        with employing the capital entrusted to them to sustain attractive
                                                                                                 • alignment of employee, customer and shareholder interests;
                        rates of return, that is, exceeding the long-term returns that could                                                                             Aurizon Holdings Limited
                        be achieved elsewhere at comparable levels of risk.                      • incentivising behaviour that optimises return on shareholder          Beach Energy Limited
                                                                                                   capital;
                        The Board has approved a strategy to deliver on this objective                                                                                   CIMIC Group Limited
                        comprising:                                                              • flexibility to optimise returns via changes in investment strategy;
                                                                                                                                                                         Cleanaway Waste Mgt Limited
                        • a core business as a mining services contractor;                         and
                                                                                                                                                                         Downer EDI Limited
                        • an owner and operator of mining-related infrastructure;                • prioritisation of the Company culture and behaviours that
                                                                                                   continue to promote safety, social and environmental                  Evolution Mining Limited
                        • an acquirer of significant profit share stakes in mineral projects
                           with rights to operate the associated mines, for longer-term            responsibility, innovation and risk management.                       IGO Limited
                           sustainability, higher capital efficiency and lower risk including                                                                            New Hope Corporation Limited
                           from diversification;                                                 3.3   MARKET POSITION FOR REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                                                                         Northern Star Resources Limited
                        • recycling of capital; and                                              The Company again conducted a review of its market position
                                                                                                 for KMP remuneration that included examination of common                NRW Holdings Ltd
                        • a flexible balance sheet to fund organic growth for mining
                           services and mining infrastructure businesses, while retaining a      practice within comparable businesses, external advice and              Orica Limited
                           level of agility for opportunistic growth opportunities as they       input from investors and their advisors. Changes introduced from
                                                                                                                                                                         OZ Minerals Limited
                           arise.                                                                FY20 resulted in fixed remuneration for the Managing Director
                                                                                                 targeted at the 50th percentile of comparable roles in Comparator       Perenti Global Limited
                        The ability to execute this strategy innovatively, sustainably and       Businesses (see below) while total remuneration, inclusive of fixed     Qube Holdings Ltd
                        in a way that creates attractive returns for shareholders is highly      and at-risk remuneration, is targeted at the 75th percentile of
                        dependent on the quality of the Company’s culture, management            Comparator Businesses.                                                  Seven Group Holdings Limited
                        and workforce.                                                                                                                                   Sims Limited
                        The difficulty of attracting and retaining executives of the necessary   Comparator Businesses                                                   South32 Limited
                        calibre to realise the above vision and strategy varies depending        The Company’s business model is not typical of peers in the             Washington H. Soul Pattinson
                        on the current phase of Australia’s resources industry. Presently,       resource sector due to its dual-pronged business operations – first
                        industry demand for executive talent is strong.                          in providing mining services to resources companies and secondly        Worley Limited

                        This requires the Company to have adequate and effective                 in the ownership and management of resource tenements. It is also
                        retention mechanisms in place (such as the STI deferral                  unusual in the level of cash reserves it retains, along with undrawn
                        arrangements introduced in FY20) to ensure the company retains           debt facilities, which can be quickly called on to support strategic
                        experienced and competent employees who are capable of                   investments that improve shareholder returns and provide long-
                        innovating to promote growth, ultimately leading to attractive           term sustainable returns.
                        long-term rates of return. The Company’s requirement that each           Therefore, in determining the amount and mix of remuneration
                        of its KMP be an outperformer in terms of innovation and agile           to offer, the Board considers remuneration from a broad group of
                        thinking is reflected in the low ratio between the Managing Director     ASX-listed companies of a comparable size in terms of enterprise
                        and direct report fixed remuneration, also reducing succession risk.     value and revenue, with a particular focus on those in the




                        63 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 64
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        4.     REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK FOR FY21                                                                                                                                 4.2 REMUNERATION MIX
                        4.1    REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK                                                                                                                                          The mix of KMP fixed, short and long-term remuneration reflects the Company’s remuneration strategy of:




For personal use only
                        The table below outlines the remuneration framework that applied in FY21.                                                                                              • having substantial amounts of pay subject to service and performance so that remuneration can be maximised only by sustained high 		
                                                                                                                                                                                                 levels of performance over rolling 4 year periods; and
                                                    Fixed remuneration                                                   At-risk remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                               • paying a significant portion in equity, to reduce cash remuneration costs, align executive and shareholder interests, and enable the 		
                        Element                    Salary, superannuation &                                                                                                                      enactment of malus provisions if Mineral Resources’ values of integrity and respect are not upheld.
                                                                                                    Short-Term Incentive (STI)                             Long-Term Incentive (LTI)
                                                     other fixed benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                               The table below summarises the ‘on-target’ remuneration mix, with ‘on target’ being two thirds of maximum entitlement, applicable in
                        Delivery format                                    Cash                                                             Share rights
                                                                                                                                                                                               FY21 for KMP.
                                                                                    Up to 40% of FAR          Portion of award over 40% of FAR            Rights will vest, subject to
                                                                                       (50% for MD)         (50% for MD) deferred and awarded           performance hurdles, ongoing
                                                                                   paid in cash after the      as share rights – the first half of    service and clawback provisions, 4                                                                                             REMUNERATION MIX
                                                                                       financial year          which vest 12 months, and the               years after the grant date          120%
                                                                                                             second half 24 months after grant
                                                                                                              date, subject to ongoing service
                                                                                                                  and claw-back provisions                                                     100%


                        Performance                                               Targets in the areas of Safety, Governance and Sustainability;                                                80%                                                                                                                                              33%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      40%                                                           38%                                                                                         40%
                        measures                                                              Strategic Growth; Financial Measures;                   Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)                                                              47%                                                            45%
                                                                                                    and Organisational Culture
                                                                                                                                                                                                60%
                                                                                                                                                     Vesting subject to four-year average                                                                                           22%                                                          25%
                                                                                                                                                          ROIC performance over the                                   25%                                                                                           24%                                                         26%
                        Performance period                                                                                                                                                      40%                                                  26%
                                                                                                            One year                                          performance period
                                                                                                                                                      (Starting 1 July in the financial year
                                                                                                                                                                    of grant)                   20%                                                                                 40%                                                          42%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      35%                            27%                                                            32%                                                         34%
                                                                                                                                                       Recognises that MRL is a capital
                                                                                                                                                     intensive business and management           0%
                                                     Serves to attract high-calibre people and motivate them to deliver on the Company’s              and shareholder wealth are created                           On target                         Max                         On target                          Max                       On target                         Max
                        Link to MRL strategy                                                                                                          through achieving superior returns
                                                                    immediate business objectives over a 12-month period                                                                                                              MD                                                            CFO                                                   Chief Executives
                                                                                                                                                             on capital deployed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             FAR*     STI     LTI

                        The timeline below illustrates the timing of rewards under the FY21 remuneration arrangements for KMP. Details for each component are                                  * FAR for the purpose of the Remuneration Mix comprises base FAR and other long-term benefits, and excludes one-off benefits such as relocation allowances (refer to the Remuneration tables in
                        set out in section 4.3.                                                                                                                                                  section 8 for these details).


                                                            FY21                          FY22                      FY23                       FY24                         FY25
                         FAR                                                                                                                                                                   4.3 KEY COMPONENTS OF REMUNERATION
                         (Salary, superannuation     Paid throughout the
                         & fixed benefits)                   year                                                                                                                              The tables below summarise the key components of KMP remuneration for FY21.
                                                    Performance period         STI up to 40% of FAR             Half of deferred          Half of deferred
                                                        (12 months)           (50% for MD) paid Aug            portion vests Aug.    portion vests Aug 2023,                                    FIXED ANNUAL REWARD
                                                                                2021. Any portion of            2022, subject to        subject to ongoing
                                                                              award over 40% of FAR          ongoing service and      service and claw-back
                                                                              (50% for MD) deferred          claw-back provisions.    provisions. Number of                                     Composition                                FAR comprises salary, superannuation and other fixed elements of remuneration such as vehicle allowances.
                         STI                                                  to Aug. 2022 and Aug.            Number of shares       shares awarded based
                                                                                       2023                   awarded based on           on value of award
                                                                                                            value of award divided      divided by the five-                                                                               Fixed remuneration is determined based on market comparisons for similar positions, taking account of the experience
                                                                                                            by the five-day VWAP       day VWAP up to and                                       Determination                              and skills of the manager involved.
                                                                                                              up to and including    including 30 June 2021
                                                                                                                 30 June 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                Review                                     FAR is determined on appointment and reviewed annually.
                                                                                       Total Performance Period (4 years)
                                                        LTI rights granted                                                                                          Aug 2024: Portion of
                                                      July 2020. Number of                                                                                         LTI rights vest, subject
                        LTI                          shares awarded based                                                                                             to 4 year average
                                                        on value of award                                                                                             ROIC, continuous
                                                       divided by the five-                                                                                         service and clawback
                                                      day VWAP up to and                                                                                                  provisions
                                                    including 30 June 2020




                        65 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 66
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                             REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE                                                                                                                                        SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE (CONTINUED)
                        The key elements of the FY21 STI plan are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Measures – EBITDA performance against Target




For personal use only
                            Purpose                         Focus participants on delivery of business objectives over a 12-month period.                                           Weighting 40%

                            Participation                   All KMP.                                                                                                                                        Balance sheet management

                            Opportunity                     The current maximum STI opportunity is 100% of FAR for the MD and 80% for other KMP.                                                            Cashflow performance

                            Performance period              Performance is measured per financial year (1 July to 30 June).                                                                                 Cost discipline against Target

                            Exercise of                     The Board has discretion, after considering recommendations from the Remuneration Committee, to adjust                  Organisational          Senior staff retention metrics
                            discretion                      overall STI awards or an individual’s final STI award. This discretion will be exercised in the case of extraordinary   Culture - weighting
                                                            events, exceptional circumstances/business performance and/or individuals’ scorecard outcomes.                          15%

                            Payment                         Awards made under the STI plan to KMP that exceed 50% of FAR for the Managing Director or 40% of FAR for                                        Cultural development and brand repositioning
                                                            other KMP, are deferred in the form of rights to Company shares (Rights) that vest in two equal instalments; one
                                                            year and two years following grant of the Rights. Vesting is subject to continued service and the application of
                                                            clawback provisions. The quantity of Rights provided for each deferred portion is based on the deferred value for       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE
                                                            each financial year divided by the Volume Weighted Average Price for the five trading days up to and including          The key elements of the FY21 LTI plan are as follows:
                                                            the last day of the financial year immediately preceding the award year.

                            Rights on                       To be eligible for payment, a participant in the STI must be employed by the Company on the date of payment                                            To focus KMP on:
                                                                                                                                                                                    Purpose
                            termination                     and on the date at which Rights vest, subject to the application of the clawback provisions mentioned below.                                           •		achieving a high and sustained ROIC over the longer term, being a total of four years, including the
                                                            KMP whose employment is terminated before the date of payment/grant of Rights are not eligible for any                                                		 current financial year (Grant Year);
                                                            STI payment/grant of Rights. Rights that have not yet vested will be cancelled where a KMP’s employment is                                              •		encouraging agility and entrepreneurialism to seize opportunities for higher returns, contingent on
                                                            terminated prior to the vesting date.                                                                                                                  		 rapid capital deployment within relatively short timeframes; and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   •		alignment with shareholders’ interests through share rights that do not vest until completion of a
                            Clawback and malus              The Board may, at its discretion, reduce or rescind any awards made under the STI for a period of up to two years
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   		 four-year period.
                            policy                          following cash payment/grant of Rights in the event that it determines that the cash payment/grant of Rights
                                                            has been made inappropriately, including in the instance of fraud, dishonesty, breach of duties, misstatement or                                       LTI grants provide rights to Company shares (Rights) with Rights granted with effect from the first day of the
                                                                                                                                                                                    Payment vehicle
                                                            manipulation of financial information.                                                                                                                 Grant Year (Grant Date). Subject to the Performance Measures mentioned below, Rights vest in the fourth
                                                                                Performance Category, Weighting and Measure3:                                                                                      financial year after the Grant Year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Participants have up until the fifteenth anniversary of the Grant Date (Expiry Date) to exercise Rights
                            Safety, Governance              Safety Performance; Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)                                                                                     (convert Rights to Company Shares) with no exercise price being payable. Any vested Rights not previously
                            and Sustainability –                                                                                                                                                                   exercised are automatically exercised at the Expiry Date.
                            weighting 20%
                                                                                                                                                                                    Opportunity                    The maximum LTI grant opportunity for the Managing Director is equal to 180% of FAR and up to 150% of
                                                            Market and investor relationships including external perception study                                                                                  FAR for other KMP.

                                                                                                                                                                                    LTI grant value                An amount equal to the maximum LTI opportunity is granted to each LTI participant annually; being the
                                                            Diversity targets                                                                                                                                      Grant Year (e.g. FY21). Rights vest in the fourth financial year after the Grant Year (e.g. following the end of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   FY24 for the FY21 award) subject to the Performance measure mentioned below.
                                                            Sustainability performance (emissions intensity, strategy development and implementation)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The number of Rights to be issued is determined using the following formula:
                            Strategic Growth -              Growth in iron ore tonnes and resources                                                                                                                LTI Rights issued = (FAR x Maximum LTI Opportunity)/VWAP
                            weighting 25%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   where ‘VWAP’ is the five-day Volume Weighted Average Price to the Grant Date (in the case of the FY21
                                                            Develop additional downstream capacity for lithium spodumene, additional to Kemerton                                                                   LTIP, up to and including 30 June 2020).

                                                            Deliver growth in Mining Services activities (tonnes of material moved)

                                                            Expand natural gas strategy
                        3
                            Refer section 5.2 for FY21 outcomes.




                        67 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 68
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                  REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        LONG-TERM INCENTIVE (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                  4.4 LTI PERFORMANCE MEASURES

                        Performance Period                Performance is measured over four consecutive years, being the Grant Year and the following three              CALCULATING RETURN ON INVESTED
                                                                                                                                                                         CAPITAL (ROIC)




For personal use only
                                                          financial years. For grants made in FY21, the Performance Period is FY21 to FY24 inclusive, with Rights
                                                          vesting in FY25.
                                                                                                                                                                         ROIC is measured at a Group consolidated
                        Performance measure               The number of Rights that vest is subject to the four-year average ROIC achieved by the Company over the       level, on the following basis:
                                                          Performance Period. Further discussion of the calculation of ROIC is included in Section 4.4.
                                                                                                                                                                         ROIC = NOPAT/Invested Capital
                        Vesting hurdle                    The amount of Rights that vest at the end of the Performance Period is determined by reference to the          Where:	Net Operating Profit After Tax
                                                          following hurdles:                                                                                                     (NOPAT) is calculated as the
                                                                   4 year average ROIC achievement                          % of maximum LTI opportunity                         Company’s statutory Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                 Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT)
                                                                                Less than 12%                                              Nil                                   for the year, after applying the
                                                                            Between 12% and 18%                               Pro-rata between 67% & 100%                        prevailing corporate tax rate.
                                                                                    18%+                                                  100%                                   The earnings amount is adjusted to
                                                          The selection of 12% ROIC, being an after tax measure, as the threshold below which the LTI is zero, was               remove the impact of changes to
                                                          made as a 12% return is materially above the Company’s nominal post-tax Weighted Average Cost of                       accounting policies and fair value
                                                          Capital and ensures that value-destroying performance is not rewarded – i.e. that KMP are focused on                   adjustments for listed investments,
                                                          achieving returns for shareholders in excess of the Company’s cost of capital.                                         whether favourable
                                                                                                                                                                                 or unfavourable.		
                        Vesting period                    All Rights vest, subject to performance and continued service, four years after the Grant Year.                                                               KMP are unable to influence, the Board has       (b) MRL continues to be a highly capital
                                                                                                                                                                         		 Profits, arising on the monetisation
                                                          No holding lock applies to Rights that vest under the FY21 LTI plan, as Rights vest only at the end of the                                                    determined it is reasonable not to require           intensive business. As such, it is vital
                        Holding lock                                                                                                                                     		 of investments such as on
                                                          Performance Period, provided the Performance Measure has been achieved.                                                                                       KMP to earn a return on these facilities.            that KMP ensure that maximum returns
                                                                                                                                                                         		 the formation of joint ventures or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             are generated on invested capital, which
                        Dividends                         No dividends are received by KMP on any Rights.                                                                		 the divestment of portion of the            The quantum of the strategic cash holding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             again supports utilisation of ROIC as the
                                                          To ensure alignment between shareholder and KMP interests, each Right entitles KMP to one MRL share,           		 Group’s operations, are a standard          will be reviewed in FY22 given both the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             most appropriate measure for assessing
                                                          plus an additional number of MRL shares equal in value to the dividends paid on an MRL share over the          		 part of the Group’s strategy and are        substantial growth in scale of operations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             KMPs’ entitlement to LTI.
                                                          period from the Grant Date of the Rights to the date of exercise (Exercise Date) (Dividend Rights). Without    		 therefore included in NOPAT.                over recent years, and the strategic growth
                                                          this entitlement, KMP might be motivated to seek growth over dividend payments. If any Rights are                                                             plans for the business.                          (c) Any additional measure would dilute
                                                                                                                                                                         		 Invested Capital is calculated as
                                                          forfeited, their associated Dividend Rights are likewise forfeited.                                                                                                                                                KMP’s focus on what is viewed by the
                                                                                                                                                                         		 the sum of Net Assets less
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        WHY ROIC HAS BEEN CHOSEN AS THE                      Board as the Company’s key objective
                                                                                                                                                                         		 Strategic cash, and Net Interest
                        Clawback and malus policy         The Board has the discretion to lapse Rights that are on foot, or claw back previously vested LTI awards, in                                                  SOLE MEASURE TO DETERMINE LTI                        – i.e. the effective deployment of capital
                                                                                                                                                                         		 Bearing Debt at balance date less,
                                                          the event that the Board concludes that Rights should not vest or should not have vested due to:                                                              AWARDS                                               to ensure creation of long-term wealth.
                                                          (a) fraud, dishonesty or fundamental breach of duties (including misstatement or manipulation of financial     		 adjusted for accumulative
                                                          information) of any person; or                                                                                 		 accounting policy adjustments and           The Remuneration Committee continues to          (d) Management already has a strong
                                                          (b) the intentional or inadvertent conduct of any person that the Board determines resulted in an unfair       		 accumulated fair value adjustments          be of the view that:                                 alignment with Total Shareholder
                                                          benefit being obtained by a participant.                                                                       		 for listed investments.                                                                          Return (TSR), given their exposure to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (a) ROIC remains the most appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Company’s share price performance and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            measure for evaluating entitlement to an
                        Hedging                           Hedging, or the use of derivatives such as collars, caps or similar products in relation to MRL securities,    TREATMENT OF CASH BALANCES FOR                                                                      dividends through the incentive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            LTI award, as:
                                                          including vested shares or unvested Rights, allocated under Company incentive schemes,are strictly             THE PURPOSES OF CALCULATING ROIC                                                                    structures and associated Rights.
                                                          prohibited, as is the KMP providing share entitlements/Rights as security for loans that may result in                                                          (i)   it provides a clear and unambiguous
                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic cash is defined as cash, over and                                                     (e) ROIC is a measure that is directly
                                                          margin calls.                                                                                                                                                 		      link between Company performance
                                                                                                                                                                         above normal operational requirements,                                                              controlled by KMP and is not influenced
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        		      and the creation of shareholder
                        Cessation of employment           Cessation of employment prior to the Vesting date will result in automatic forfeiture of all unvested Rights   retained for future opportunities. The                                                              by market sentiment which can result in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        		      value;
                                                          unless the Board exercises its discretion (e.g. for health reasons or Change of Control as set out below).     Board nominated strategic cash holdings                                                             alternate measures, such as TSR,
                                                                                                                                                                         ($100 million) that is excluded from the         (ii) it is the key value driver considered         delivering volatile outcomes.
                        Change of Control /         In the event of a Change of Control, resignation or retirement due to ill health, the Board may exercise its         calculation of Invested Capital on the basis   		     when management decides when
                        Resignation / Retirement in discretion to determine whether to vest granted but unvested Rights.                                                                                                                                                 The use of ROIC and the base target of
                                                                                                                                                                         that retention of a strong cash balance, and   		     and how to invest capital; and
                        the event of ill health                                                                                                                                                                                                                          12%, materially above the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                         available borrowing facilities, are required     (iii) the financial return earned on capital   post-tax Weighted Average Cost of Capital,
                        Board discretion                  The Board retains the discretion to amend, vary, terminate or suspend the LTI plan at any time. Any such       to enable strategic growth and investment.     		      deployed is a true measure of value      are designed to encourage strong
                                                          variation, amendment, termination or suspension is not to adversely affect or prejudice rights of LTI          As retention of strategic cash holdings is a   		      creation and a long-term                 longer-term performance of the Company.
                                                          participants holding Company shares or Rights at that time.                                                    Board decision that senior executives and      		      representation of Company value.




                        69 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 70
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                                                 REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        The following table sets out the components used to calculate ROIC for each of the last five financial years, and shows that with the excep-                                                                    5.        REMUNERATION OUTCOMES FOR FY21                                                               • strong progress with sustainability such as:
                        tion of FY19, where the capital base increased significantly due to the development of the Wodgina project, ROIC has exceeded the 12%                                                                                                                                                                                    - commitment to Net Zero Emissions pathway by 2050,
                        hurdle in each of these years.                                                                                                                                                                                  5.1 SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE                                                                             		 with the development of a road-map to achieve this goal and




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Despite the significant challenges created by COVID-19, FY21 has                                       		 commencement of associated supporting actions and
                                                                                                            FY17                     FY18                     FY19                     FY20                    FY21                     been an outstanding year for the Group, driven by growth in both                                       		 activities;
                          $ millions                                                                        Actual                   Actual                   Actual                   Actual                  Actual                   the Mining Services and Commodities divisions. The Company                                               - decarbonisation initiatives and projects in Energy including:
                         NOPAT:                                                                                                                                                                                                         continued to lead the industry in its response to mitigating the risk                                  			 - Deloitte Decarbonisation Initiative
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of COVID-19 on our workforce, production and our communities,
                         EBITDA                                                                             473.5                      575.2                   385.9                  2,006.1                  2,182.9                  thereby maintaining the reliability of services and production to                                      			 - Net Zero Australia Project
                         Normalised (a)                                                                           -                    (68.5)                    46.8                     35.4                  (230.3)                 our customers. The Company conducted over 84,207 Covid tests                                           			 - LNG and Hydrogen Futures Facility
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        over FY21, both for Group employees and their families, as well as                                     			 - decarbonisation of haul trucks;
                          EBITDA for ROIC                                                                   473.5                      506.7                   432.7                  2,041.5                  1,952.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        for 60 other organisations in the Western Australian resources and                                       - continued construction of new corporate headquarters in
                         Less impairments                                                                   (16.7)                     (65.4)                    (9.8)                 (285.8)                   (46.5)                 extractive industries sector.                                                                          		 Osborne Park, Western Australia, designed to meet the
                         Less depreciation and amortisation                                                (160.2)                   (112.9)                  (108.6)                  (193.6)                  (258.0)                 The Group invested $815.9 million in Investment Capital                                                		 Platinum WELL v2 Building Standard;
                         Net Operating Profit Before Tax                                                    296.5                      328.4                   314.3                  1,562.1                  1,648.1                  Expenditure during FY21 and inclusive of this Capital Expenditure,                                       - submitted the Board-endorsed Reconciliation Action Plan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        achieved a ROIC of 38.6%. Operating cashflow increased 120%                                            		 (RAP) to Reconciliation Australia, with an associated
                         Less tax at 30%                                                                    (89.0)                     (98.5)                  (94.3)                  (468.7)                  (494.4)                 allowing the company to maintain a conservatively geared balance                                       		 ramp-up of actions and activities to support the goals and
                         NOPAT                                                                             207.6                      229.9                    220.0                 1,093.4                  1,153.7                   sheet and increase fully franked dividends to a record $2.75 per                                       		 objectives outlined in the RAP;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        share. The Group’s performance was recognised by the investment                                          - progressing preparation for exploration activities to source
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        market with a 154% increase in share price over the year.                                              		 natural gas resources that are able to be used to substitute
                              Invested Capital:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Notable achievements in FY21 include:                                                                  		 the use of diesel fuel;
                         Net assets (per balance sheet)                                                   1,132.1                   1,304.6                  1,380.2                  2,295.6                  3,246.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        •industry leading safety performance, with Total Recordable                                             - continued review and update of policies and procedures to
                         Normalised (cumulative, net of tax) (a)                                                  -                    (47.9)                  (14.8)                      6.9                  (154.3)                                                                                                                        		 ensure they remain relevant and appropriate, including:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) statistics improving, despite a
                          Net Assets for ROIC                                                             1,132.1                   1,256.6                  1,365.4                  2,302.5                  3,091.8                    substantial increase in employee numbers;                                                            		 -		 update to Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
                         Net Debt                                                                                 -                     98.9                   997.1                          -                          -              • a focus on the mental health of employees, with an in-house                                          		 -		 update of sustainable reporting guidelines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          psychologist providing internal psychological consultation                                           		 -		 updated our Community Grievance Mechanism;
                         Total invested capital                                                           1,132.1                   1,355.5                  2,362.5                  2,302.5                  3,091.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          intervention support services as well as capacity-oriented                                             - active participation in the community with $5.1 million in
                         Strategic cash holding                                                            (100.0)                   (100.0)                  (100.0)                  (100.0)                  (100.0)                   counselling sessions focused on optimal functioning for 		                                           		 community contributions;
                         Net Invested Capital                                                           1,032.1                     1,255.5                 2,262.5                  2,202.5                  2,991.8                     individuals and the Company;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • achieved above target increase in female workforce
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        • considerable operational success despite COVID-19-imposed                                              participation with:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          constraints. Highlights were:
                         ROIC %                                                                            20.1%                     18.3%                     9.7%                    49.6%                   38.6%                                                                                                                             - the workforce now comprising 17.0% females, from 15.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          - expansion of Mining Services output and the commissioning                                          		 in FY20
                        (a)
                              Normalised for the impact of matters outside of the control of management, such as gains/losses on strategic investments where such investments are held at the discretion of the Board.                  		 of NextGen plants;
                              Adjustments are also made to operating profits for the effect of new/revised accounting standards, where these adjustments are outside of management’s day-to-day operational control.                                                                                                                             - improved diversity ratios through a number of actions such as
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          - the successful expansion of production output for the 		                                           		 a focus on recruiting female truck drivers for our mine sites.
                        The Company’s focus on disciplined investment has, since listing, delivered outstanding returns on the capital invested in it, and in turn                                                                      		 Commodities business (e.g. Wonmunna and Koolyanobbing);
                        delivered outstanding returns for its shareholders.                                                                                                                                                             		and                                                                                                  • continued progress across multiple growth opportunities
                                                                             ROIC SINCE LISTING (%)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              with the aim of ensuring the business has multiple future
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          - maintenance of output from Mt Marion and containment                                                 income streams, such as the development of:
                        60%                                                                                                                                                                                                             		 of costs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 - the Ashburton Hub, targeting the shipping of 30Mtpa out
                        50%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               		 of Onslow;
                        40%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 - the Utah Point Hub, which will include the existing Iron Valley
                        30%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    		 operation, the new Wonmunna operation, and Lamb Creek;
                        20%                                                                                                                                                                                              MaxTarget18%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               		and
                        10%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Target12%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 - the South West Creek Hub, which will include the Marillana
                         0%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    		 and Ophthalmia projects.
                        -10%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             The WELL Building Standard v2 is a vehicle for buildings and organisations to deliver more thoughtful and intentional spaces that enhance human health and well-being. WELL v2 includes a set of
                                      2007         2008        2009        2010         2011        2012        2013         2014        2015        2016         2017        2018        2019         2020        2021                      strategies—backed by the latest scientific research—that aim to advance human health through design interventions and operational protocols and policies and foster a culture of health and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             wellness. Well Platinum is the highest level of certification.
                                                                       4 yr Rolling Ave ROIC                      Annual ROIC                      Target                Max Target




                        71 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 72
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        REMUNERATION OUTCOMES FOR FY21 (CONTINUED)                              exploration resources in the highly prospective Perth Basin, as well   A summary of the Group’s financial performance over the past five years is set out in the tables below. The relationship between the
                                                                                                as the onshore Northern Carnarvon Basin, to expand the Energy          Group’s financial performance, return to shareholders and KMP remuneration reflects the direct correlation between financial performance,
                        Other highlights included:                                              Division.                                                              shareholder value creation and executive remuneration.




For personal use only
                        5.1.1 SAFETY, GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY                             The Group continued to explore and develop innovative solutions
                                                                                                for the mining industry with the development and deployment of         Financial Summary
                        The Company continued to drive safety improvements throughout                                                                                                                                                                                   2017                          2018                                2019                                  2020                                2021
                                                                                                                                                                       ($millions unless otherwise stated)
                        the business. Regrettably, during June 2021, the Company                its first carbon fibre screen as well as the 320t Jumbo Road Trains
                                                                                                which dramatically lower operating costs and emissions for bulk ore    Earnings
                        incurred its first Lost Time Injury (LTI) since August 2018, however,
                        the business remains industry leading in relation to its injury         haulage. Plans for the expansion of the Ashburton Hub and South        Revenue                                                                                          1,458                        1,624                                1,512                                 2,125                           3,734
                        performance. It also made significant progress through the year         West Creek Hub were announced during the financial year.
                        with its sustainability agenda:                                                                                                                EBITDA                                                                                            473                                 575                           386                                  2,006                           2,183
                                                                                                5.1.3 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND PERFORMANCE
                        •   TRIFR of 2.31 as compared to 3.29 in the prior year,                                                                                      NPAT                                                                                              201                                 272                           165                                  1,002                           1,268
                                                                                                The Company achieved a number of record financial milestones
                             representing an improvement in safety performance of 30%                                                                                  Return on Revenue                                                                                 14%                             17%                               11%                                   47%                                34%
                                                                                                during the financial year, including:
                             year-on-year.
                        •    Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) of 0.12 – a slight         • Revenue of $3.7 billion, up 76% year-on-year                         Return on Equity                                                                                  18%                             21%                               12%                                   44%                                39%
                             increase on 0.00 in the prior year.                                • EBITDA of $2.2 billion                                               ROIC                                                                                        20.1%                          18.3%                                   9.7%                                 49.6%                         38.6%
                        •    Implementation of the Company’s Sustainability Policy,             • Underlying EBITDA of $1.9 billion, up 148% year-on-year              Diluted EPS (cents/share)                                                                 107.66                           145.30                                  87.09                                532.96                      673.18
                             Human Rights Policy, Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and        • Cash at bank of $1.5 billion, with net cash on hand of
                             Supplier Code of Conduct.                                              $275 million
                        •    Continued regular meetings of the cross-functional                 • ROIC of 38.6%                                                        Financial Year Ended 30 June                                                                     2017                          2018                                2019                                  2020                                2021
                             Sustainability Working Group to support and advise the
                             business with the management and monitoring of key                 5.1.4 ORGANISATIONAL CULTURE AND DEVELOPMENT                           Final dividend for the preceding financial year                                           0.2100                           0.3300                                 0.4000                                0.3100                      0.7700
                             sustainability topics.                                             The Company made significant progress in the important area of         Interim dividend for the current financial year                                           0.2100                           0.2500                                 0.1300                                0.2300                      1.0000
                        •    Update and continued rollout of the Code of Conduct and            organisational culture and development:
                             Business Integrity e-learning training program across                                                                                     Total dividend paid                                                                       0.4200                           0.5800                                 0.5300                                0.5400                      1.7700
                                                                                                • The Company is invested in creating and maintaining an
                             the business.                                                          inclusive, inspiring and high-performing workplace enabled
                        •    Completion of a climate-related risk and opportunity review            by a supportive culture. Employees are invited to drive their
                             based on the Recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate                                                                                  Share price                                                                                      10.85                        16.00                                14.98                                 21.17                           53.73
                                                                                                    own development in an environment that provides access to
                             Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).                                  opportunities for career growth through a mix of formal            Total Shareholder Return (TSR) (cumulative)                                                      13.34                        19.07                                18.58                                 25.31                           59.64
                        •    Development of the Company’s 2021 Modern Slavery                       training, on-the-job learning and mentoring opportunities.
                             Statement with review of the sustainable procurement and
                                                                                                •   The Group has experienced an increase in female workforce                                                                                              MRL SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE
                             modern slavery screening programme to meet the
                             requirements of the Modern Slavery Act, 2018 (Cth).                    participation rate, rising from 15.31% in June 2020 to 16.99%                                                                                           TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
                                                                                                    in June 2021. The increase puts the Group above the target
                        •    Community contributions increased by 104% from the prior                                                                                                                                                                          5 YEARS TO 30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                    level of 16.1% set in mid-2020. The increase in female             900
                             year to $5.1 million.                                                  participation has been predominantly driven by a focus on
                                                                                                    introducing female entry-level talent to the business, via a       800
                        5.1.2 STRATEGIC GROWTH                                                      graduate program, apprenticeships and entry level operator
                        The Group continued to focus on growing our mining services                 programs. These initiatives have allowed the Group to              700
                        capability in FY21 to build, own and operate crushing, screening            increase female numbers in work areas and occupations that
                                                                                                                                                                       600
                        and processing plants and providing infrastructure solutions to             are traditionally male dominated; an important step in creating
                        the mining industry, predominantly in Western Australia. Mining             a more gender diverse and inclusive workforce.                     500
                        services volumes grew by 20% due to new contracts both internally
                        and externally including the development, deployment and first          •   The Group’s commitment to the introduction and development
                                                                                                                                                                       400
                        production of the inaugural 15Mtpa NextGen 2 crusher at the                 of apprentices, graduates and vacation students continues to
                        Mt Whaleback mine. Iron ore production and exports also                     grow and evolve into a strong pipeline of future talent.           300
                        increased with the Yilgarn Hub shipping 10.4Mt and Utah Point Hub       •   The Group has focused on attraction of new industry talent
                        increasing its capacity via the acquisition, development and first          via operational industry entry pathways in the Commodities         200
                        production from the 5Mtpa Wonmunna mine. Iron ore shipments                 and Mining Services divisions, allowing entry pathways for a
                        increased by 23% to a record 17.3Mt, allowing the business to                                                                                  100
                                                                                                    diverse pool of talent.
                        benefit from the high iron ore price environment.
                                                                                                                                                                         0
                                                                                                •   The Company places significant focus on the quality of its
                        Development of the Kemerton Lithium Hydroxide plant
                                                                                                                                                                             Jul 2016   Oct 2016   Jan 2017   Apr 2017   Jul 2017   Oct 2017   Jan 2018      Apr 2018       Jul 2018   Oct 2018   Jan 2019         Apr 2019   Jul 2019     Oct 2019      Jan 2020   Apr 2020       Jul 2020   Oct 2020   Jan 2021         Apr 2021
                                                                                                    leadership, given the impact leaders have on workplace
                        continued during the year, with commissioning anticipated in the            culture. Bespoke programs and initiatives continue to support
                        2022 calendar year. The Group acquired significant additional
                                                                                                    leadership development.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ASX 300 Resources                                   ASX 300                            MRL




                        73 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 74
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                  REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        5.2   STI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES                                                                                                                                   5.2 STI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES (CONTINUED)
                        The Executive Key Management Personnel work very closely together as a leadership group to direct and manage the affairs of the
                        Group. This approach has been important in the development and strengthening of the Group’s culture, particularly during the challenges




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Growth - weighting 25%
                        experienced during FY21 as a result of the global pandemic. For that reason, for the year ended 30 June 2021 the performance of the
                        Executive KMP has been assessed on a common, consistent basis.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Performance measures                                  Outcomes                                                       Commentary

                                                                      Safety, Governance and Sustainability - weighting 20%                                                                                           Identified, acquired and developed a new 5Mtpa iron ore         The Group’s progress in strengthening and diversifying
                                                                                                                                                                                         Growth in iron ore
                                                                                                                                                                                         tonnes and resources         project, Wonmunna, with first ore delivered within five         its iron ore operations is important in improving its longer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      months of acquisition. This acquisition added 98Mt of           terms earnings outlook.
                         Performance measures                                   Outcomes                                                        Commentary                                                            mineral resources.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Substantial progress made in positioning the Group for
                         Safety Performance           Improved the Company’s already industry-best safety               Delivered these results despite a 39% increase in the size of                                 significant future growth across major iron ore projects.
                         Total Recordable Injury      performance, resulting in a TRIFR of 2.31, compared to            the Company’s workforce.                                                                      This progress included new arrangements reached with the
                         Frequency Rate (TRIFR)       3.29 in FY20. The Company experienced its first Lost Time                                                                                                       Group’s joint venture partner in relation to the Marillana
                                                      Injury in three years with a finger injury at one of its sites.   The Company mitigated the risk of COVID-19 on its                                             project, while adding the nearby Ophthalmia project to the
                                                      The employee is expected to make a full recovery.                 workforce, production, communities and the resources                                          joint venture.
                                                                                                                        industry by conducting over 89,000 COVID tests over
                                                      The Company continued to work closely with key                    FY21, using the Company’s own gold-standard PCR tests.                                        In addition, the development of the Ashburton project
                                                      contractors to align expectations of safety, and this will        These tests were provided to Group employees and their                                        has progressed, with planning, project design and project
                                                      remain a priority in the short to medium term.                    families, as well as to 60 other organisations in the Western                                 approvals each well advanced. However, the Company had
                                                                                                                        Australian resources and extractive industries sector. On                                     expectations of being further progressed as it has worked
                                                                                                                        multiple occasions, the Company also made available to                                        to evaluate a range of alternative structures that enhance
                                                                                                                        members of the public its collection facilities and testing                                   the project, and this has impacted the STIP outcome for the
                                                                                                                        equipment at the request of health officials, in the interests                                Managing Director during FY21.
                                                                                                                        of public health.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Develop additional           Developed a roadmap to enable down- streaming of 100%           Down-streaming of lithium repositions the Group’s
                         Market and investors         Independent external perception survey indicated                  External perception survey noted strong positive feedback        downstream capacity for      of the Group’s spodumene production. Again, the                 exposure to this critical mineral.
                         relationships including      communication and transparency has improved in reporting          received from a range of stakeholders.                           lithium spodumene,           Company had expected to be further progressed on this
                         external perception          and presentations.                                                                                                                 additional to Kemerton       topic.
                         study
                                                                                                                                                                                         Deliver growth in            Overall growth in volumes of 20% achieved. Successful           Innovation within Mining Services remains at the core of
                         Diversity targets                                                                              There has been a strong focus on introducing women into                                                                                                       the Company. Continued to drive a program of innovation
                                                      Established successful entry-level programmes for blue
                                                                                                                        the business, particularly in roles such as dump truck drivers   Mining Services activities   installation and commissioning of a number of plants
                                                      collar female operators.                                                                                                           (tonnes of material          including the NextGen 2 crushing plant, and the plant and       resulting in delivery of first carbon fibre screen, along with
                                                                                                                        that have been traditionally male dominated.                                                                                                                  the establishment of a Marine division and significant
                                                      Increased female workforce participation from 15.31% in                                                                            moved)                       facilities at Wonmunna.
                                                      June 2020 to 16.99% in June 2021.                                                                                                                                                                                               advances in the Company’s bulk haulage capabilities.
                                                      Implemented 15 new Indigenous business partnerships
                                                      across our business.                                                                                                               Expand natural gas           Secured additional gas exploration territory of over 9,000      Natural gas offers an important transition path as the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                         strategy                     square kilometres, and finalised preparations for drilling of   reduces its reliance on diesel. It also offers a future Mining
                                                      Submitted the Group’s Board-approved Reconciliation                                                                                                             existing target in early FY22.                                  Services opportunity.
                                                      Action Plan (RAP) to Reconciliation Australia, with an
                                                      associated ramp-up of actions and activities to support the
                                                      goals and objectives outlined in the RAP.
                                                                                                                                                                                         FY21 Discretionary adjustments:
                         Sustainability               Improved emissions intensity from 2.9 to 2.3 tC02e/TMM;           Emissions intensity is now included as a factor in project       Board determination reached, following consideration of above and other factors, that no discretionary adjustments are required to this
                         performance                  third-party ESG ratings have improved.                            evaluation.
                                                                                                                                                                                         measure.
                         (emissions intensity,        Committed to Net Zero by 2050, and well progressed with
                         strategy development
                         and implementation)
                                                      development of roadmap to achieve this goal for inclusion                                                                          FY21 Outcome:
                                                      in FY21 Sustainability Report.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Managing Director: 60%
                                                                                                                                                                                         Other Key Management Personnel: 96%
                        FY21 Discretionary adjustments:
                        Board determination reached, following consideration of above and other factors, that no discretionary adjustments impacting payment
                        outcomes are required.
                        FY21 Outcome:
                        85%




                        75 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 76
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                            REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        5.2       STI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                             5.2 STI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES (CONTINUED)




For personal use only
                                                                                                    Financial Measures – weighting 40%                                                                                                                              Organisational Culture - weighting 15%

                            Performance measures                                                  Outcomes                                                                        Commentary                       Performance measures                              Outcomes                                                     Commentary

                            EBITDA performance                    Underlying EBITDA increased 148% year-on-year. Excluding                          The FY21 performance was achieved against the backdrop         Senior staff retention    Senior staff retention rates have been very high with no      Changes made to the Remuneration Structures, initially
                            against Target                        the impact of increased iron ore prices, underlying                               of an operating environment made challenging by the            metrics                   turnover of KMP and attrition of senior management at less    foreshadowed in FY19 and implemented in FY20, have
                                                                  profitability improved 18% year-on-year exceeding the                             continued impact of the global pandemic. This included                                   than 3%.                                                      created a framework that has helped to ensure retention of
                                                                  Company’s internal target. Overall shipments were up by                           unexpected labour shortages with workers unable to enter                                                                                               the KMP as well as senior leadership group; this outcome
                                                                  23%, although guidance tonnes were missed on more than                            Western Australia, impacting haulage rates.                                                                                                            has been delivered despite intense competition for skills
                                                                  one occasion due to operational challenges in part arising                                                                                                                                                                               in the Western Australian resources sector. This stability in
                                                                  out of COVID-19 restrictions.                                                                                                                                                                                                            turn has enabled consistency of messaging regarding the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           desired culture, providing a platform to continue to attract
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           outstanding talent, and strengthen capabilities throughout
                            Balance sheet                         Strengthened liquidity risk management processes.                                  Preparatory work undertaken to position the Group in                                                                                                  the organisation.
                            management                            Increased access to asset finance through increased limits.                        advance of significant expansion in capital investment
                                                                  Tightened capital investment processes and reporting.                              expected during the short to medium term.                     Cultural development      Began the process of repositioning the Group’s brand,         Increased focus during the year on wellbeing of employees,
                                                                  Working capital performance strong despite substantial                                                                                           and brand repositioning   which in turn underpinned the successful recruitment of 970   supported by the appointment of an in-house psychologist.
                                                                  growth across the business.                                                                                                                                                additional employees during the year within a very tight      COVID-19 border closures have reduced the number of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             labour market.                                                applicants to roles significantly, making recruitment of
                                                                                                                                                    The Group continued to make significant investment in                                    Considerable progress made over the year with                 required talent much more difficult than pre-Covid-19.
                            Cashflow performance                  Cash performance was very strong, with operating cashflow                                                                                                                  strengthened engagement on employee wellbeing
                                                                  of $1.6 billion1 sufficient to self-fund sustaining capex                         capital projects during FY21 in support of its expansion
                                                                                                                                                    plans and achieved a ROIC of 38.6%.                                                      including mental health topics.
                                                                  investment after paying taxes, interest costs and dividends.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Commenced development of new head office that will
                                                                  The Group remains in a net cash position as it prepares                                                                                                                    deliver on the Company’s goal of being one of the best
                                                                  for what are expected to be large investments in coming                                                                                                                    workplaces in the country for staff wellbeing.
                                                                  years.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Developed a commitment to adopt best- in-country
                                                                  Operating cashflow increased 143% allowing the Company                                                                                                                     wellness principle for future camp developments.
                                                                  to maintain a conservatively geared balance sheet and
                                                                  increase fully franked dividends in respect of the year to
                                                                  $2.75/share.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   FY21 Discretionary adjustments:
                            Cost discipline                       Controllable costs increased as a result of a conscious                           Controllable costs remain an important factor and the          Board determination reached, following consideration of above and other factors, that no discretionary adjustments that impact payment
                            against Target                        decision to target volume in a price-rich environment.                            Company will continue to retain the ability to adapt quickly   outcomes are required.
                                                                                                                                                    to changing market circumstances.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   FY21 Outcome:
                             During the year the Company also paid $0.3 billion in tax on the prior year partial disposal of the Wodgina mine, resulting in Net Cash from Operations for FY21 of $1.3 billion.     100%
                        1




                        Y21 Discretionary adjustments:
                        Board determination reached, following consideration of above and other factors, that no discretionary adjustments that impact payment
                        outcomes are required.
                        FY21 Outcome:
                        92.5%




                        77 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 78
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                             REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        5.2   STI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                  5.4 LTI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES: EARLIER GRANTS ON-FOOT
                                                                                                                                                                    •   FY17 Grant
                        OUTCOMES ACROSS ALL MEASURES NOTED ABOVE
                                                                                                                                                                         As FY20’s ROIC exceeded 12%, the final tranche of the FY17 LTI Plan vested in August 2020, and all three tranches were released from




For personal use only
                        After consideration of the above factors, the Remuneration Committee recommended, and the Board accepted, the following outcomes                 holding lock.
                        for the Executive KMP for FY21. These resulted in an overall outcome of 84% of maximum for the Managing Director and 93% of maximum
                        for the remaining KMP:                                                                                                                      • FY18 Grant
                                                                                                                                                                    	As FY21’s ROIC exceeded 12% actual of 38.6%, Tranche 3 will vest on 11 August 2021, and the holding lock on Tranche 1 and 			
                                                                            FY21 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE OUTCOMES
                                                                                                                                                                       Tranche 2 shares will be lifted on 12 August 2021, making these shares available to KMP.
                                                          0%          10%         20%          30%    40%        50%          60%   70%   80%     90%       100%    •   FY19 Grant
                                                                                                                                                                         As noted above, due to a period of substantial investment, ROIC in FY19 was 9.7%. Under the LTI plan rules in place at that time, there
                                                                                                                                            85%                          was no LTI grant for FY19 nor was there any opportunity to retest this in subsequent years despite that investment generating
                               Safety, Governance and ESG                                                                                   85%                          substantial returns for the Group.
                                                                                                                                                      96%           •   FY20 Grant
                                   Strategic Growth Targets                                                                 60%                                          A grant equal to the maximum LTI opportunity was made available to FY20 plan participants on 1 July 2019. The LTI awards will vest in
                                                                                                                                                                         early FY24 with the amount vesting dependent on the Company’s average ROIC performance over the four year period FY20 to FY23.
                                                                                                                                                  93%
                        Financial management performance                                                                                          93%                    Where average ROIC is less than 12% no LTI award will vest. Where average annual ROIC is between 12% and 18% over the four year
                                                                                                                                                                         period the LTI will vest pro-rata from 67% to 100% of the LTI grant. Where average annual ROIC is greater than 18%, 100% of the LTI
                                                                                                                                                         100%            grant will vest.
                                     Organisational culture
                                                                                                                                                         100%            FY20’s ROIC exceeded 12% (actual 49.6%) and FY21’s ROIC is 38.6%, therefore contributing to a favourable average ROIC over the first
                                                                                                                                                                         and second years of the KMP’s FY20 LTIP award. This program is therefore half- way through its four-year life, with average ROIC
                                                                                                                                                  93%
                                                    Overall                                                                                                              over the four years needing to meet a minimum of 12%. Final vesting is due August 2023.
                                                                                                                                           84%
                                                                                                                                                                    •   FY21 Grant
                                                               Executive KMP excl Managing Director     Managing Director                                                As per the FY20 grant, a grant equal to the maximum LTI opportunity was made available to FY21 plan participants on 1 July 2020.
                                                                                                                                                                         The LTI awards will vest in early FY25 with the amount vesting dependent on the Company’s average ROIC performance over the four
                                                                                                                                                                         year period FY20 to FY23.
                        5.3   LTI PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES: FY21 GRANT
                                                                                                                                                                         Where average ROIC is less than 12% no LTI award will vest. Where average annual ROIC is between 12% and 18% over the four year
                        Consistent with the redesigned LTI program, a grant equal to the maximum LTI opportunity has been made to FY21 plan participants.                period the LTI will vest pro-rata from 67% to 100% of the LTI grant. Where average annual ROIC is greater than 18%, 100% of the LTI
                        The LTI awards will vest in early FY25 with the amount vesting dependent on the Company’s average ROIC performance over the four year            grant will vest.
                        period FY21 to FY24.                                                                                                                             FY21’s ROIC is 38.6%. This program is a quarter through its four-year life, with average ROIC over the four years needing to meet a 		
                        Where average ROIC is less than 12% no LTI award will vest. Where average annual ROIC is between 12% and 18% over the four year                  minimum of 12%. Final vesting is due August 2024.
                        period the LTI will vest pro-rata from 67% to 100% of the LTI grant. Where average annual ROIC is greater than 18%, 100% of the LTI grant
                        will vest.




                        79 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                          MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 80
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                                              REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        5.5         REMUNERATION OUTCOMES SCHEDULES
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         LTI vesting Total including
                        The following tables provide a summary of remuneration received by KMP during the year, which may be useful in understanding current                                                                             FY20                                       FAR               STI cash              LTI              NED fees              Other                                 share price   share price
                        year pay and alignment with performance. These remuneration outcomes tables differ from the statutory remuneration tables in Section 8                                                                                                                    (cash)4              bonus5             vesting6           (shares)7            benefits8              Total            growth9        growth




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $                    $                  $                   $                   $                     $                  $              $
                        which are prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Non-Executive Directors

                                                                                                                                                                                            LTI vesting Total including                  Peter Wade                               125,000                       -                   -           125,000              23,750             273,750                       -          273,750
                            FY21                                       FAR              STI cash               LTI              NED fees              Other                                 share price   share price
                                                                     (cash)2             bonus3              vesting4           (shares)5            benefits6              Total            growth7        growth                       Kelvin Flynn                               70,000                      -                   -            70,000              13,300             153,300                       -          153,300
                                                                        $                   $                   $                   $                   $                     $                  $              $                        James McClements                           70,000                      -                   -            70,000              13,300             153,300                       -          153,300
                            Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Xi Xi                                      83,300                      -                   -            70,000                      -          153,300                       -          153,300
                            Peter Wade                               135,000                      -                    -          135,000               21,694            291,694                       -           291,694
                            Susan Corlett    1
                                                                       46,708                     -                    -            46,708               8,875            102,291                       -           102,291              Executive Director
                            Kelvin Flynn                               86,250                     -                    -            86,250              16,388            188,888                       -           188,888              Chris Ellison                          1,200,000              600,000           1,762,738                      -            52,583          3,615,321                77,015           3,692,336
                            James McClements                           87,500                     -                    -            87,500              16,625            191,625                       -           191,625
                            Xi Xi                                       90,338                     -                   -            82,500                     -          172,838                       -           172,838              Other Executives

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Current1
                            Executive Director
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Paul Brown2                              350,000              140,000                      -                   -            22,753             512,753                       -          512,753
                            Chris Ellison                          1,200,000              600,000           2,933,350                      -            51,865          4,785,215            2,605,893           7,391,108               Michael Grey                             824,038              340,000                      -                   -            68,409          1,232,447                        -        1,232,447
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Mark Wilson                              937,019              380,000                      -                   -           140,809          1,457,828                        -        1,457,828
                            Other Executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Former
                            Paul Brown                               850,000              280,000             435,918                      -          101,694           1,667,612              382,496           2,050,108               Rohan O'Grady3                           148,077                       -                   -                   -            24,931             173,008                       -          173,008
                            Michael Grey                             850,000              340,000                      -                   -          102,069           1,292,069                       -        1,292,069
                            Mark Wilson                              950,000              380,000                      -                   -          143,448           1,473,448                       -        1,473,448               Total                                  3,807,434           1,460,000            1,762,738              335,000             359,835          7,725,007                77,015           7,802,022


                            Total                                  4,295,796           1,600,000            3,369,268             437,958             462,658         10,165,680             2,988,389         13,154,069                Current KMP subtotal                   3,659,357           1,460,000            1,762,738              335,000             334,904          7,551,999                77,015           7,629,014
                        1
                             Susan Corlett commenced on 4 January 2021.                                                                                                                                                                  Former KMP subtotal                      148,077                       -                   -                   -            24,931             173,008                       -          173,008
                        2
                             FAR is excluding superannuation contributions, which is reported within ‘Other Benefits’.
                        3
                             40% of the FY21 STI plan to KMP is paid in cash (50% for the Managing Director) and relates to the performance during FY20, paid in FY21.
                        4
                             FY17 and FY18 LTI share awards that have vested during FY21, calculated as the number of shares vested multiplied by the face value at grant date. FY17 LTI shares were freed of trading restrictions
                             on 20 August 2020, while FY18 LTI shares (Tranche 1 and 2) that vested on 20 August 2020 retain their trading restrictions and clawback provisions until 12 August 2021.                                    Total                                  3,807,434           1,460,000            1,762,738              335,000             359,835          7,725,007                77,015           7,802,022
                        5
                             Equity component of Non-Executive Directors’ (NED) remuneration. NED fees continue to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in MRL shares. Remuneration disclosed relates to the performance
                             during FY21.
                        6
                             Other Benefits relate to non-monetary benefits and superannuation benefits that are awarded for performance during FY21. Paul Brown, Michael Grey and Mark Wilson each received $80,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Current as at the date of the 30 June 2020 Remuneration Report.
                             in Resource Development Group Ltd (RDG) share options during FY21 as remuneration for their RDG NED remuneration. RDG is 65.77% owned by the Group.                                                     2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Paul Brown regarded as KMP with effect from 1 January 2020. Remuneration disclosed is for the period 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020.
                        7
                             The ‘share price growth’ amount is equal to the number of rights vested multiplied by the increase in the Company share price over the period from grant date to vesting date.                          3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rohan O’Grady resigned as Chief Operating Officer - Construction & Development on 13 September 2019. Remuneration disclosed is for the period 1 July 2019 to 13 September 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          FAR is excluding superannuation contributions, which is reported within ‘Other Benefits’
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          40% of the FY20 STI plan to KMP is paid in cash (50% for the Managing Director) and relates to the performance during FY19, paid in FY20.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          LTI awards that have vested during FY20, calculated as the number of rights vested multiplied by the face value at grant date. Vested shares may still be subject to trading restrictions and clawback
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          provisions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Equity component of Non-Executive Directors’ (NED) remuneration. NED fees continue to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in Company shares. Remuneration disclosed relates to the performance during
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          FY20.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Other Benefits relate to non-monetary benefits, superannuation and termination benefits that are awarded for performance during FY20 or have vested during FY20.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          The ‘share price growth’ amount is equal to the number of rights vested multiplied by the increase in the Company share price over the period from grant date to vesting date.




                        81 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 82
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                      REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        6.        KEY CHANGES TO REMUNERATION FOR FY22                                                                                                                                       FY20 BOARD/COMMITTEE FEES (PER ANNUM)
                        At the time of preparing this report, there are no changes planned for remuneration of KMP in FY22.                                                                                  FY20 Board fees were as follows:




For personal use only
                        7.        SUMMARY OF KMP EMPLOYMENT CONDITIONS                                                                                                                                               Chair			                              $250,000 plus statutory superannuation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Non-Executive Director                $140,000 plus statutory superannuation
                        7.1       EXECUTIVES
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Committee members did not receive any additional remuneration for chairing/participation in Committees in FY20.
                        The table below summarises the employment agreements in place with executive KMP as at the date of this report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             8.          KMP STATUTORY REMUNERATION SCHEDULES
                            KMP                                          Term of agreement                 FAR               Notice period: KMP and MRL                        Termination entitlements1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             The following tables detail the statutory remuneration disclosures prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. These
                            Chris Ellison                                                                                                                                                                    tables differ from the remuneration outcomes tables in section 5.5, due to the accounting treatment of share-based payments.
                            (Managing Director)                         Full time – permanent          $1,200,000                        12 months                              Notice period per contract
                            Paul Brown                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Post-
                            (Chief Executive – Commodities)             Full time – permanent            $850,000                        12 months                              Notice period per contract                                                Short-Term Benefits                        Employment                   Share-based payments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Benefits
                            Michael Grey
                            (Chief Executive – Mining Services) Full time – permanent                    $850,000                        12 months                              Notice period per contract
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Cash salary                     STI cash       Non-                   STI equity LTI equity     NED                                              Performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          and fees         Other4         value2       Monetary Superannuation   value      value    remuneration3                            Total         related
                            Mark Wilson                                                                                                                                                                          FY21                        $               $               $            $           $             $          $          $                                     $              %
                            (Chief Financial Officer and                Full time – permanent            $950,000                        12 months                              Notice period per contract
                            Company Secretary)                                                                                                                                                                   Non-Executive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors
                        1
                             Should this amount be a value that requires shareholder approval then it can be reduced to maximum permissible amount without shareholder agreement.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Peter Wade                  135,000                 -            -             -         21,694                  -               -         135,000           291,694            -
                        7.2 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                                                                                                                              Susan Corlett   1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              46,708                 -            -             -          8,875                  -               -          46,708           102,291            -

                        Non-Executive Directors (NED) receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work of the Board and the additional time and effort                                                   Kelvin Flynn                 86,250                 -            -             -         16,388                  -               -          86,250           188,888            -
                        associated with chairing and/or participating in Board sub-committees on which they serve.                                                                                               James McClements             87,500                 -            -             -         16,625                  -               -          87,500           191,625            -
                        NED remuneration is reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee. The most recent review concluded that ‘Mineral Resources’                                                           Xi Xi                        90,338                 -             -            -                -                -                -         82,500           172,838            -
                        director fees were significantly under market, having not changed since mid-2017. The absence of sub-committee fees for committee
                        service was identified as a key cause of the below-market fee structure. The workload on committees has become increasingly more
                        onerous as the accountability has increased.                                                                                                                                             Executive Director

                        In response to this review, the decision was made to increase base committee fees for Chair and members by 16% and 21% respectively,                                                     Chris Ellison             1,200,000                 -    600,000        30,172           21,694          175,087       1,454,710                   -       3,481,663          64%
                        and to introduce committee fees for participation on subcommittees.
                        The following table outlines the Non-Executive Director fees, exclusive of superannuation, effective from 1 January 2021 for the Board and                                               Other Executives
                        associated Committees.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Paul Brown                  850,000        80,000        340,000               -         21,694          125,485         545,625                   -       1,962,804          52%
                        NED remuneration is not linked to Company performance, although in order to create alignment with shareholders, NED fees continue to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Michael Grey                850,000        80,000        340,000           375           21,694          125,485         510,622                   -       1,928,176          51%
                        be paid 50% in cash and 50% in Company shares. NEDs are encouraged to hold at least one year’s worth of fees in Company shares and
                        NEDs are subject to the Company’s Security Trading Policy.                                                                                                                               Mark Wilson                 950,000        80,000        380,000        41,754           21,694          140,226         713,366                   -       2,327,040          53%

                            FY21 Board/Committee Fees (per annum)                                                                       Chair $                                        Member $
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total                     4,295,796      240,000        1,660,000       72,301         150,358           566,283       3,224,323           437,958       10,647,019
                            Board                                                                                                       290,000                                         170,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                             1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Susan Corlett commenced on 4 January 2021.
                            Board - Lead Independent Director                                                                                                                            20,000              2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  40% of the FY21 STI plan to KMP is paid in cash (50% for the Managing Director) and relates to the performance during FY21.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Equity component of Non-Executive Directors’ (NED) remuneration. NED Remuneration is not linked to Company performance, however to create alignment with shareholders, Non-Executive
                            Audit and Risk Committee                                                                                     25,000                                          10,000                   Director fees continue to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in MRL shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Paul Brown, Michael Grey and Mark Wilson each received $80,000 in Resource Development Group Ltd (RDG) share options during FY21 as remuneration for their RDG NED remuneration.
                            Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                                                RDG forms part of the Group.
                                                                                                                                         20,000                                          10,000
                            Nominations Committee                                                                                        10,000                                               -

                        A resolution was passed at the 2020 AGM to approve an increase in the maximum pool to $2,000,000 to facilitate sufficient headroom in
                        the pool to allow for the appointment of additional NEDs, an allocation of entitlements for participation in Board Sub-committees, and
                        for an increase in NED fees should this be recommended by the Remuneration Committee. The fee pool was previously at $1,000,000 per
                        annum, which had not been increased since the 2015 Financial Year. The changes in NED fees took effect from 1 January 2021.




                        83 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 84
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                             REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        8.          KMP STATUTORY REMUNERATION SCHEDULES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                9.        SHARE RIGHTS GRANTED, VESTED AND POTENTIAL FUTURE VESTING

                                                                                                                    Post-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Rights to shares:




For personal use only
                                                                      Short-Term Benefits                        Employment                   Share-based payments
                                                                                                                   Benefits                                                                                                                                                                             Total value     No.                                           Year in   No. of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        No. of Value per                 of share      vested           No.        %     Remaining,    which    share
                                                      Cash salary                       STI cash Non-                  STI equity LTI equity     NED                                                 Performance                                                        share share right                 rights       during Vested forfeited forfeited subject to    share    rights                         Maximum
                                                       and fees         Other3           value4 Monetary Superannuation value       value    remuneration5                                Total        related                                  Grant      Performance rights granted at                granted at      the   during during during the vesting      rights may  which                         value yet to
                            FY20                          $               $                 $      $           $            $          $          $                                         $             %             KMP        Plan         Date 1       Periods   granted  grant 10                grant date      year the year the year   year    conditions     vest   may vest                           vest
                            Non-Executive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $/right            $                      %                      %                                                        $
                            Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chris FY17 LTI    2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              16/08/2017 FY17 to FY20 269,730              13.96         3,765,431     89,910     33%           -           -                -          -                 -              -
                            Peter Wade                    125,000                   -           -           -         23,750                                   -       125,000            273,750            -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ellison
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                FY18 LTI3     15/08/2018 FY18 to FY21 168,157              14.97         2,517,310     112,105    67%           -           -          56,052        FY22          56,052        839,103
                            Kelvin Flynn                   70,000                   -           -           -         13,300                                   -         70,000           153,300            -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY19 LTI4      22/08/2019 FY19 to FY22               -           -                  -          -    0%           -           -                -        N/A                 -              -
                            James McClements               70,000                   -           -           -         13,300                                   -         70,000           153,300            -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY20 LTI  01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23 142,577
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           15.05         2,145,784            -    0%           -           -         142,577        FY24         142,577      2,145,784
                            Xi Xi                          83,300                   -           -           -                -                                 -         70,000           153,300            -                 FY20 DER6 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23 13,001                    26.40           343,285            -    0%           -           -          13,001        FY24          13,001        343,285
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY20 STI7      01/07/2020 FY20 to FY22         25,267       21.17           534,902            -    0%           -           -          25,267        FY22          12,634        267,451
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     FY23          12,634        267,451
                            Executive Director                                                                                                                                                                                 FY21 LTI8 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24 102,950                   21.17         2,179,452            -    0%           -           -         102,950        FY25         102,950      2,179,452
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY21 DER6 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24   5,387                   34.33           184,929            -    0%           -           -           5,387        FY25           5,387        184,929
                            Chris Ellison              1,200,000                         600,000     31,581           21,003          222,876       2,260,533                  -        4,335,993          71%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY21 STI9      01/07/2021 FY21 to FY23          7,875       53.36           420,210            -    0%           -           -           7,875        FY23            3,938       210,105
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     FY24            3,938       210,105
                            Other Executives                                                                                                                                                                            Paul  FY20 LTI5 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23               55,447       15.05           834,477            -    0%           -           -          55,447        FY24          55,447        834,477
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Brown FY20 DER6 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23                5,056       26.40           133,493            -    0%           -           -           5,056        FY24           5,056        133,493
                            Paul Brown1                   350,000               -        140,000            -         22,753            59,095        139,080                  -          710,928          48%                 FY20 STI7      01/07/2020 FY20 to FY22         13,399       21.17           283,657            -    0%           -           -          13,399        FY22            6,700       141,828
                            Michael Grey                  824,038               -        340,000     47,406           21,003          143,515         253,322                  -        1,629,284          45%                                                                                                                                                                       FY23            6,700       141,828
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FY21 LTI8 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24              48,616       21.17         1,029,201            -    0%           -           -          48,616        FY25          48,616      1,029,201
                            Mark Wilson                   937,019        79,408          380,000     40,398           21,003          160,398         353,905                  -        1,972,131          45%                 FY21 DER6 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24               2,544       34.33            87,330            -    0%           -           -           2,544        FY25           2,544         87,330
                            Former                                                                                                                                                                                             FY21 STI9      01/07/2021 FY21 to FY23          5,644       53.36           301,164            -    0%           -           -           5,644        FY23            2,822       150,582
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     FY24            2,822       150,582
                            Rohan O’Grady2                148,077        19,681                 -           -          5,251                   -               -               -          173,009          0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Grant date is determined in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY17 was the Award Year for the LTI Plan (ROIC exceeded 12%). Each tranche of the FY17 LTI Plan vests in favour of participants provided participants remain employed with the Company over each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of the subsequent Performance Years (FY18 to FY20) and ROIC for each subsequent Performance Years (FY18 to FY20) equals or exceeds 12%. As the average ROIC for FY18 and FY19 exceeded 		
                            Total                      3,807,434         99,089         1,460,000   119,385         141,363           585,884       3,006,840          335,000          9,554,995                      12%, Tranche 2 of the FY17 LTI Plan vested in favour of participants who remained employed for all of FY20, and as FY20’s ROIC exceeded 12% Tranche 3 of the FY17 LTI Plan vested on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       20 August 2020. Trading restrictions on all three FY17 LTI Plan Tranches were lifted as at that date, subject to clawback provisions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY18 was the Award Year for the LTI Plan (ROIC for FY18 exceeded 12%). Each tranche of the FY18 LTI Plan vests in favour of participants provided participants remain employed with the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       over each of the subsequent Performance Years (FY19 to FY21) and ROIC for each subsequent Performance Years (FY19 to FY21) equals or exceeds 12%. As ROIC for FY19 was less than 12%, 		
                            Current KMP subtotal 3,659,357               79,408         1,460,000   119,385         136,112           585,884       3,006,840          335,000          9,381,986                      Tranche 1 of the FY18 LTI Plan became a Suspended Tranche. As average ROIC for FY19 and FY20 exceeded 12% Tranche 1 and Tranche 2 of the FY18 LTI Plan vested on 20 August 2020, subject to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       trading restrictions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY19 was the Award Year for the FY19 LTI Plan. As ROIC for FY19 is less than 12% there is no LTI award for FY19.
                            Former KMP subtotal           148,077        19,681                 -           -          5,251                   -               -               -          173,009                   5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY20 was the Award Year for the FY20 LTI Plan.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Dividend equivalent rights that attach to the FY20 and FY21 LTIP grants. These rights have an automatic vesting / exercise upon exercise of the underlying LTIP share right.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY20 was the Award Year for the FY20 STI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the VWAP for the 5 days up to and including 30 June 		
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2020. The value reflected in the table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2020 as required by Australian Accounting Standards.
                            Total                      3,807,434         99,089         1,460,000   119,385         141,363           585,884       3,006,840          335,000          9,554,995                      The share rights vest equally in August 2021 (FY22) and August 2022 (FY23).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY21 was the Award Year for the FY21 LTI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the share price on 1 July 2020. The value reflected in the 		
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2020.
                        1
                             Paul Brown regarded as KMP with effect from 1 January 2020. Remuneration disclosed is for the period 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020.                                                   9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FY21 was the Award Year for the FY21 STI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the VWAP for the 5 days up to and including 30 June
                        2
                             Rohan O’Grady resigned as Chief Operating Officer - Construction & Development on 13 September 2019. Remuneration disclosed is for the period 1 July 2019 to 13 September 2019.           2021. The value reflected in the table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2021 as required by Australian Accounting Standards. 		
                        3
                             Annual leave payout on termination of Rohan O’Grady and relocation allowance for Mark Wilson.                                                                                             The share rights vest equally in August 2022 (FY23) and August 2023 (FY24).
                        4
                             40% of the FY20 STI plan to KMP is paid in cash (50% for the Managing Director) and relates to the performance during FY20.                                                            10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Value per share right granted at grant refers to share price used for expense purposes under AASB 2 Share Based Payments, being the date when the entity and the counterparty has a mutual 		
                        5
                             Equity component of Non-Executive Directors’ (NED) remuneration. NED Remuneration is not linked to Company performance, however to create alignment with shareholders, Non-Executive      understanding to the terms and conditions of the arrangement. For the LTI and STI plans this is the first day of the financial year.
                             Director fees continue to be paid 50% in cash and 50% in Company shares.




                        85 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 86
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                                             REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        9.        SHARE RIGHTS GRANTED, VESTED AND POTENTIAL FUTURE VESTING (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                               10. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS HELD BY KMP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      10.1 RIGHTS AWARDED UNDER INCENTIVE PLANS
                                                                                                                                                                                               Rights to shares:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The following table details share rights awarded under incentive plans that are subject to service conditions and performance hurdles
                                                                                                          Total value  No.                                         Year in  No. of                                                    that are yet to be tested and vested rights that have not yet been exercised and converted into shares. Non-Executive Directors do not
                                                                            No. of Value per               of share   vested           No.        %     Remaining, which    share                                                     participate in incentive plans and do not hold unvested share rights
                                                                            share share right               rights    during Vested forfeited forfeited subject to  share   rights                                 Maximum
                                                   Grant       Performance rights granted at              granted at   the   during during during the vesting rights may    which                                 value yet to
                            KMP       Plan         Date 1        Periods   granted   grant                grant date   year the year the year   year    conditions   vest  may vest                                   vest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Balance at                                           Exercised and           Notional dividends               Balance at                 Balance
                                                                                             $/right            $                     %                       %                                                         $                 Number of rights                         the start                    Granted                  converted                                               the end                  vested and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               attaching in year1
                            Michael FY19 LTI4 22/08/2019 FY19 to FY22                  -           -                 -          -     0%          -           -                -        N/A                 -                -                                                    of the year                                             to shares                                             of the year               exercisable
                            Grey
                                    FY20 LTI5 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23            67,328       15.05        1,013,286            -     0%          -           -          67,328         FY24          67,328       1,013,286
                                    FY20 DER6 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23             6,140       26.40          162,123            -     0%          -           -           6,140         FY24           6,140         162,123
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Executive Director

                                   FY20 STI7     01/07/2020 FY20 to FY22         16,270       21.17          344,436            -     0%          -           -          16,270         FY22           8,135         172,218              Chris Ellison                               425,910                     110,825                    (202,014)                    18,388                    353,109                    -
                                                                                                                                                                                        FY23           8,135         172,218
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Other KMP
                                   FY21 LTI8 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24             48,616       21.17        1,029,201            -     0%          -           -          48,616         FY25          48,616       1,029,201
                                   FY21 DER6 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24              2,544       34.33           87,330            -     0%          -           -           2,544         FY25           2,544          87,330              Paul Brown                                  108,222                      54,260                     (29,847)                      7,600                   140,235                    -
                                   FY21 STI9     01/07/2021 FY21 to FY23          5,644       53.36          301,164            -     0%          -           -           5,644         FY23           2,822         150,582
                                                                                                                                                                                        FY24           2,822         150,582              Michael Grey                                  83,598                     54,260                              -                    8,684                   146,542                    -
                            Mark   FY19 LTI  22/08/2019 FY19 to FY22
                                             4
                                                                                       -           -                 -          -     0%          -           -                -        N/A                 -                -            Mark Wilson                                 112,245                      74,226                              -                  12,131                    198,602                    -
                            Wilson
                                   FY20 LTI5 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23             94,061       15.05        1,415,618            -     0%          -           -          94,061         FY24          94,061       1,415,618
                                   FY20 DER6 01/07/2019 FY20 to FY23              8,577       26.40          226,457            -     0%          -           -           8,577         FY24           8,577         226,457
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Total                                       729,975                     293,571                    (231,861)                    46,803                    838,488                    -
                                   FY20 STI7     01/07/2020 FY20 to FY22         18,184       21.17          384,955            -     0%          -           -          18,184         FY22           9,092         192,478
                                                                                                                                                                                        FY23           9,092         192,478          1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Dividend equivalent rights that attach to the FY20 and FY21 LTIP grants. These rights have an automatic vesting / exercise upon exercise of the underlying LTIP share right.
                                   FY21 LTI  01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24
                                             8
                                                                                 67,919       21.17        1,437,845            -     0%          -           -          67,919         FY25          67,919       1,437,845
                                   FY21 DER6 01/07/2020 FY21 to FY24              3,554       34.33          122,007            -     0%          -           -           3,554         FY25           3,554         122,007
                                   FY21 STI6     01/07/2021 FY21 to FY23          6,307       53.36          336,542            -     0%          -           -           6,307         FY23           3,154         168,271
                                                                                                                                                                                        FY24           3,154         168,271
                        1
                           Grant date is determined in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments.
                        2
                           FY17 was the Award Year for the LTI Plan (ROIC exceeded 12%). Each tranche of the FY17 LTI Plan vests in favour of participants provided participants remain employed with the Company over each
                           of the subsequent Performance Years (FY18 to FY20) and ROIC for each subsequent Performance Years (FY18 to FY20) equals or exceeds 12%. As the average ROIC for FY18 and FY19 exceeded 		
                           12%, Tranche 2 of the FY17 LTI Plan vested in favour of participants who remained employed for all of FY20, and as FY20’s ROIC exceeded 12% Tranche 3 of the FY17 LTI Plan vested on
                           20 August 2020. Trading restrictions on all three FY17 LTI Plan Tranches were lifted as at that date, subject to clawback provisions.
                        3
                           FY18 was the Award Year for the LTI Plan (ROIC for FY18 exceeded 12%). Each tranche of the FY18 LTI Plan vests in favour of participants provided participants remain employed with the Company
                           over each of the subsequent Performance Years (FY19 to FY21) and ROIC for each subsequent Performance Years (FY19 to FY21) equals or exceeds 12%. As ROIC for FY19 was less than 12%, 		
                           Tranche 1 of the FY18 LTI Plan became a Suspended Tranche. As average ROIC for FY19 and FY20 exceeded 12% Tranche 1 and Tranche 2 of the FY18 LTI Plan vested on 20 August 2020, subject to
                           trading restrictions.
                        4
                           FY19 was the Award Year for the FY19 LTI Plan. As ROIC for FY19 is less than 12% there is no LTI award for FY19.
                        5
                           FY20 was the Award Year for the FY20 LTI Plan.
                        6
                           Dividend equivalent rights that attach to the FY20 and FY21 LTIP grants. These rights have an automatic vesting / exercise upon exercise of the underlying LTIP share right.
                        7
                           FY20 was the Award Year for the FY20 STI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the VWAP for the 5 days up to and including 30 June 		
                           2020. The value reflected in the table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2020 as required by Australian Accounting Standards.
                           The share rights vest equally in August 2021 (FY22) and August 2022 (FY23).
                        8
                           FY21 was the Award Year for the FY21 LTI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the share price on 1 July 2020. The value reflected in the 		
                           table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2020.
                        9
                           FY21 was the Award Year for the FY21 STI Plan. The number of share rights granted was calculated using the value of the award divided by the VWAP for the 5 days up to and including 30 June
                           2021. The value reflected in the table above is the quantity of shares calculated via this method, multiplied by the share price on the 1 July 2021 as required by Australian Accounting Standards. 		
                           The share rights vest equally in August 2022 (FY23) and August 2023 (FY24).
                        10
                           Value per share right granted at grant refers to share price used for expense purposes under AASB 2 Share Based Payments, being the date when the entity and the counterparty has a mutual 		
                           understanding to the terms and conditions of the arrangement. For the LTI and STI plans this is the first day of the financial year.




                        87 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 88
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED)




                        10.2 KMP SHAREHOLDINGS
                        The number of MRL shares held during FY21 by each Director and Other Executive of the Company, including their related parties, is set
                        out below:




For personal use only
                                                                                             Balance at                    Issued                                                                          Balance at
                                                                                                                                                      Other                      Disposals
                        Number of shares                                                      the start                  as part of                                                                         the end
                                                                                                                                                    Additions2                    /other
                                                                                             of the year               remuneration                                                                        of the year

                        Non-Executive Directors
                        Peter Wade                                                               336,815                    11,683                            -                           -                    348,498
                        Susan Corlett                                                                     -                   1,071                           -                           -                       1,071
                        Kelvin Flynn1                                                              11,566                     6,788                           -                           -                      18,354
                        James McClements           1
                                                                                                   11,566                     6,817                           -                           -                      18,383
                        Xi Xi  1
                                                                                                   10,186                     6,701                           -                           -                      16,887


                        Executive Directors

                        Chris Ellison                                                        22,191,729                    202,014                     32,002                             -                22,425,745


                        Other KMP

                        Current
                        Paul Brown                                                                 10,789                   29,847                            -                  (21,578)                        19,058
                        Michael Grey                                                                      -                         -                         -                           -                             -
                        Mark Wilson                                                                25,109                           -                   1,313                             -                      26,422


                        Total                                                                22,597,760                    264,921                     33,315                    (21,578)                  22,874,418
                        1
                            Shares paid to Non-Executive Directors disclosed in this table were part of their FY21 remuneration package. Shares for their FY20 remuneration package were issued in the current financial year.
                            The quantity of shares granted is based on the proportion of fees payable divided by the Volume Weighted Average price for the five trading days to the end of each quarter of the financial year.
                        2
                            Other additions include shares received as part of the Company’s Dividend Re-investment Program.



                        11. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

                        The following transactions occurred with related parties:

                                                                                                                                                                  2021                                   2020
                            Key Management Personnel / Directors’ interests:                                                                                        $                                      $


                             Properties from which some of the Group’s operations are performed are rented from                                              (2,215,091)                              (2,118,828)
                             parties related to Chris Ellison and Peter Wade.

                            Occupation of these premises date back prior to the Company’s listing in 2006. The ongoing need for occupation of these premises,
                            as well as rental arrangements, are assessed periodically. The Group has a Related Party Transaction Policy that requires the review and
                            approval of Related Party Transactions by the Audit and Risk Committee (the Committee).


                        This concludes the Remuneration Report, which has been audited.




                        89 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 82
                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION




                                                                                                                                                                                  RSM Australia Partners
                                                                                                                             Level 32 Exchange Tower, 2 The Esplanade Perth WA 6000
                                                                                                                                                       GPO Box R1253 Perth WA 6844




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                      T +61 (0) 8 9261 9100
                                                                                                                                                                                       F +61 (0) 8 9261 9111
                                                                                                                                                                                          www.rsm.com.au



                                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                           TO THE MEMBERS OF
                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED


                        Opinion

                        We have audited the financial report of Mineral Resources Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group),
                        which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019, the consolidated statement
                        of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
                        consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a
                        summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors' declaration.

                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                        including:

                        (i)       giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its financial
                                  performance for the year then ended; and

                        (ii)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for Opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of
                        our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial
                        report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to
                        the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor's
                        report.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.




                        THE POWER OF BEING UNDERSTOOD
                        AUDIT | TAX | CONSULTING
                        RSM Australia Partners is a member of the RSM network and trades as RSM. RSM is the trading name used by the members of the RSM network. Each member of the RSM network is an independent
                        accounting and consulting firm which practices in its own right. The RSM network is not itself a separate legal entity in any jurisdiction.
                        RSM Australia Partners ABN 36 965 185 036

                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                                                                    MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 92
For personal use only
                        FINANCIAL
                        STATEMENTS

                        TRIBAL MARKINGS
                        Different designs for different tribes and this is
                        how they interact…they mark the trees to represent
                        their territory.
                        Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        93 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        INCOME STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                                                                      BALANCE SHEET AS AT 30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                           Group                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                                  2021               2020                                                                                                          2021                  2020




For personal use only
                                                                                                         Note                                                                                                                 Note
                                                                                                                   $m                 $m                                                                                                            $m                    $m
                        Revenue                                                                           4     3,733.6            2,124.7    Assets
                                                                                                                                              Current assets
                        Other income                                                                      5       245.3            1,311.9
                                                                                                                                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                            9              1,542.1               1,521.8
                                                                                                                                              Trade and other receivables                                                         10                331.3                 177.5
                        Expenses from operations
                                                                                                                                              Inventories                                                                         11                122.6                 155.6
                        Changes in closing stock                                                                  118.9              130.3    Other assets                                                                        12                 37.3                  38.8
                        Raw materials and consumables                                                           (344.4)            (218.2)    Total current assets                                                                                2,033.3               1,893.7
                        Equipment costs                                                                         (191.2)            (113.9)
                                                                                                                                              Non-current assets
                        Subcontractors                                                                          (188.5)            (180.2)
                                                                                                                                              Trade and other receivables                                                         10                653.4                 649.6
                        Employee benefits expense                                                               (504.1)            (383.1)    Inventories                                                                         11                 62.4                  35.3
                        Transport and freight                                                                   (597.6)            (482.7)    Investments accounted for using the equity method                                   30                 92.1                     -
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                     6     (258.0)            (193.6)    Financial assets                                                                    13                296.1                  42.3
                        Impairment charges                                                                6       (46.5)           (285.8)    Property, plant and equipment                                                       14              1,824.6               1,365.9
                        Other expenses                                                                    6       (89.0)           (182.7)    Intangibles                                                                         15                 36.7                  47.9
                                                                                                                                              Exploration and mine development                                                    16                725.8                 476.4
                        Profit from operations                                                                  1,878.5            1,526.7    Deferred tax                                                                         7                128.5                 119.8
                                                                                                                                              Total non-current assets                                                                            3,819.6               2,737.2
                        Finance income                                                                             10.0               14.4
                        Finance costs                                                                     6       (95.8)           (104.9)    Total assets                                                                                        5,852.9               4,630.9
                        Net finance costs                                                                         (85.8)             (90.5)
                                                                                                                                              Liabilities
                        Profit before tax                                                                       1,792.7            1,436.2    Current liabilities
                                                                                                                                              Trade and other payables                                                            18               581.8                  319.1
                        Income tax expense                                                                7     (525.0)            (434.0)
                                                                                                                                              Borrowings                                                                          19               157.3                  100.5
                        Profit after tax for the year                                                           1,267.7            1,002.2    Income tax                                                                                           166.7                  415.9
                                                                                                                                              Employee benefits                                                                   20                69.4                   53.4
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                                            Provisions                                                                          21                 9.2                   29.5
                                                                                                                                              Other                                                                                                    -                    5.9
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                                                                                                                                              Total current liabilities                                                                            984.4                  924.3
                        Net gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges                                                         4.0               (9.3)
                        Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                         4.0               (9.3)   Non-current liabilities
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 1,271.7              992.9    Borrowings                                                                          19              1,104.6               1,190.2
                                                                                                                                              Deferred tax                                                                         7                322.7                 122.5
                        Profit for the year is attributable to:                                                                               Provisions                                                                          21                195.1                  98.3
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                   (2.0)              (1.5)   Total non-current liabilites                                                                        1,622.4               1,411.0
                        Owners of Mineral Resources Limited                                                     1,269.7            1,003.7
                                                                                                                                              Total liabilities                                                                                   2,606.8               2,335.3
                                                                                                                1,267.7            1,002.2
                                                                                                                                              Net assets                                                                                          3,246.1               2,295.6

                        Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:                                                           Equity
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                      -              (1.5)    Issued capital                                                                      22                514.5                 516.3
                        Owners of Mineral Resources Limited                                                     1,271.7             994.4     Reserves                                                                                               15.7                  10.1
                                                                                                                1,271.7             992.9     Retained profits                                                                                    2,673.3               1,738.4
                                                                                                                                              Equity attributable to the owners of Mineral Resources Limited                                      3,203.5               2,264.8
                                                                                                                 Cents              Cents     Non-controlling interest                                                                              42.6                   30.8
                        Basic earnings per share                                                          8     673.18             532.96     Total equity                                                                                        3,246.1               2,295.6
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                        8     673.18             532.96

                        The above income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes                                  The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes




                        95 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                              MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 96
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                                                               STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                                Non-                                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                   Issued                        Retained                   Total
                                                                                                  Reserves                   controlling                                                                                                                   2021                   2020




For personal use only
                                                                                   capital                        profits                  equity                                                                                      Note
                                                                                                                              interest                                                                                                                      $m                     $m
                        Group                                                       $m              $m             $m           $m           $m      Cash flows from operating activities
                        Balance at 1 July 2019                                     507.9            16.1           836.2         19.0      1,379.2   Receipts from customers                                                                             3,689.7                 2,189.2

                        Profit/(loss) after tax for the year                              -              -       1,003.7         (1.5)     1,002.2   Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                (1,719.6)               (1,394.7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1,970.1                   794.5
                        Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                 -         (9.3)                -            -      (9.3)
                                                                                                                                                     Interest received                                                                                      10.0                    14.3
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                           -         (9.3)        1,003.7         (1.5)      992.9
                                                                                                                                                     Interest and other finance costs paid                                                                 (86.4)                  (97.6)
                                                                                                                                                     Income taxes paid                                                                                    (584.3)                 (116.6)
                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                                                                                                                                                     Net cash from operating activities                                                9                 1,309.4                   594.6
                        Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan (note 22)     5.4                 -               -            -        5.4
                        Equity settled share-based payments                               -          6.0                 -            -        6.0   Cash flows from investing activities
                        Employee share awards issued (note 22)                       3.0            (2.7)                -            -        0.3   Payments for investments                                                                              (50.1)                   (8.1)
                        Acquisition of subsidiary                                         -              -               -       13.3        13.3    Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                                   9.5                     1.0

                        Dividends paid (note 23)                                          -              -        (101.5)             -    (101.5)   Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                           (517.2)                 (217.4)
                                                                                                                                                     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                11.5                    26.5
                        Balance at 30 June 2020                                    516.3            10.1         1,738.4         30.8      2,295.6
                                                                                                                                                     Payments for intangibles                                                                              (16.4)                  (15.9)
                                                                                                                                                     Payments for exploration and evaluation                                                               (51.4)                  (52.3)
                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                                                   Issued                        Retained                   Total    Payments for mine development expenditure                                                            (174.7)                 (105.3)
                                                                                                  Reserves                   controlling
                                                                                   capital                        profits                  equity
                                                                                                                              interest               Acquisition of businesses and joint operations, net of cash                                                -                    9.5
                        Group                                                        $m             $m              $m           $m          $m      Amounts advanced to joint operations                                                                  (17.2)                        -
                        Balance at 1 July 2020                                      516.3            10.1        1,738.4         30.8      2,295.6   Amounts advanced to other parties                                                                     (10.0)                        -
                        Profit/(loss) after tax for the year                                  -              -   1,269.7         (2.0)     1,267.7   Proceeds from sale of disposal group                                                                       -                1,206.1

                        Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                   -       4.0                -            -        4.0   Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                                         (816.0)                  844.1

                        Total comprehensive income for the year                               -       4.0        1,269.7         (2.0)     1,271.7
                                                                                                                                                     Cash flows from financing activities
                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:                                                                        Dividends paid                                                                                       (324.6)                  (96.1)

                        Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan (note 22)      9.2                    -           -            -        9.2   Proceeds from borrowings                                                                               31.9                    11.6
                                                                                                                                                     Repayment of borrowings                                                                               (12.8)                  (11.5)
                        Equity settled share-based payments                                   -      10.3                -            -       10.3
                                                                                                                                                     Payment of finance lease liabilities                                                                 (109.8)                  (64.0)
                        Purchase of shares under employee share plans (note 22)     (20.2)                                                  (20.2)
                                                                                                                                                     Purchase of shares under employee share plans                                                         (20.2)                        -
                        Employee share awards issued (note 22)                        9.2            (8.7)               -            -        0.5
                                                                                                                                                     Net cash used in financing activities                                                                (435.5)                 (160.0)
                        Acquisition of subsidiary                                             -              -           -       12.0         12.0
                        Acquisition of non-controlling interest                               -              -      (1.0)         1.8          0.8   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                              57.9                 1,278.7
                        Dividends paid (note 23)                                              -              -    (333.8)             -    (333.8)   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                    1,521.8                   265.4
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                     514.5            15.7        2,673.3         42.6      3,246.1   Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                         (37.6)                  (22.3)
                                                                                                                                                     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                        9                 1,542.1                 1,521.8

                        The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                                                                                                     The above statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes




                        97 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 98
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 JUNE 2021                                                             1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION                                      UNRECOGNISED ITEMS                               1.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION                         1.2 PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION                   controlling interest in the subsidiary




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      together with any cumulative translation
                        1.   Significant accounting policies          100         25. Contingent liabilities                 145   These general purpose financial statements       (a) Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      differences recognised in equity. The
                        2.   Critical accounting judgements, estimates            26. Commitments                            147   have been prepared in accordance with            The consolidated financial statements             Group recognises the fair value of the
                             and assumptions                          102                                                          Australian Accounting Standards and              incorporate the assets and liabilities of all     consideration received and the fair value of
                                                                                                                                   Interpretations issued by the Australian         subsidiaries of the Company as at 30 June
                                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION                                Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      any investment retained together with any
                                                                                                                                                                                    2021 and the results of all subsidiaries for
                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                                                      the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      gain or loss in profit or loss.
                                                                                  27. Parent entity information              148                                                    the year then ended.
                        3.   Operating segments                             103                                                    for for-profit oriented entities. These                                                            (b) Associates
                                                                                  28. Business combinations                  149                                                    Subsidiaries are all those entities over which
                                                                                                                                   financial statements also comply with                                                              Associate is an entity over which the
                        4.   Revenue                                        107   29. Interests in subsidiaries              152                                                    the Group has control. The Group controls
                                                                                                                                   International Financial Reporting Standards                                                        investor has significant influence and that
                        5.   Other income                                   109   30. Interests in associates                153   as issued by the International Accounting        an entity when the Group is exposed to,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a
                        6.   Expenses                                       111                                                    Standards Board (IASB).                          or has rights to, variable returns from its
                                                                                  31. Interests in joint operations          154                                                                                                      joint venture. Investments in associates are
                                                                                                                                                                                    involvement with the entity and has the
                        7.   Income tax                                     112   32. Related party transactions             155   Historical cost convention                                                                         accounted for using the equity method.
                                                                                                                                                                                    ability to affect those returns through its
                        8.   Earnings per share                             116   33. Key Management Personnel disclosures   155                                                                                                      Under the equity method, the share of
                                                                                                                                   The financial statements have been               power to direct the activities of the entity.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the profits or losses of the associate is
                                                                                  34. Share based payments                   156   prepared under the historical cost               Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      recognised in profit or loss and the share of
                        KEY BALANCE SHEET ITEMS                                   35. Remuneration of auditors               158   convention, except for, where applicable,        date on which control is transferred to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the movements in equity is recognised in
                                                                                                                                   the revaluation of financial assets and          Group. They are de-consolidated from the
                        9. Cash and cash equivalents                        117   36. Events after the reporting period      158                                                                                                      other comprehensive income. Investments
                                                                                                                                   liabilities at fair value through profit or      date that control ceases.
                        10. Trade and other receivables                     120                                                                                                                                                       in associates are carried in the statement
                                                                                                                                   loss, certain classes of property, plant
                                                                                                                                                                                    Intercompany transactions, balances and           of financial position at cost plus post-
                        11. Inventories                                     121                                                    and equipment and derivative financial
                                                                                                                                                                                    unrealised gains on transactions between          acquisition changes in the consolidated
                        12. Other assets                                    121                                                    instruments.
                                                                                                                                                                                    entities in the Group are eliminated.             entity’s share of net assets of the associates.
                        13. Financial assets                                122                                                    Critical accounting estimates                    Unrealised losses are also eliminated             Dividends received or receivable from
                        14. Property, plant and equipment                   123                                                    The preparation of the financial statements      unless the transaction provides evidence          associates reduce the carrying amount of
                                                                                                                                   requires the use of certain critical             of the impairment of the asset transferred.       the investment.
                        15. Intangibles                                     126
                                                                                                                                   accounting estimates. It also requires           Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                        16. Exploration and mine development                128                                                                                                                                                       (c) Joint operations
                                                                                                                                   management to exercise its judgement             been changed where necessary to ensure
                        17. Impairment of non-financial assets              130                                                                                                     consistency with the policies adopted by          A joint operation is a joint arrangement
                                                                                                                                   in the process of applying the Group’s
                                                                                                                                                                                    the Group.                                        whereby the parties that have joint control
                        18. Trade and other payables                        132                                                    accounting policies. The areas involving a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of the arrangement have rights to the
                        19. Borrowings                                      133                                                    higher degree of judgement or complexity,        The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted      assets, and obligations for the liabilities,
                                                                                                                                   or areas where assumptions and estimates         for using the acquisition method of
                        20. Employee benefits                               134                                                                                                                                                       relating to the arrangement. The Group has
                                                                                                                                   are significant to the financial statements,     accounting. A change in ownership interest,
                        21. Provisions                                      134                                                                                                                                                       recognised its share of jointly held assets,
                                                                                                                                   are disclosed in note 2.                         without the loss of control, is accounted
                        22. Issued capital                                  135                                                                                                                                                       liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint
                                                                                                                                   Foreign currency                                 for as an equity transaction, where the           operations. These have been incorporated
                        23. Dividends                                       137                                                                                                     difference between the consideration              in the financial statements under the
                                                                                                                                   The financial statements are presented
                        24. Financial instruments                           137                                                                                                     transferred and the book value of the share       appropriate classifications.
                                                                                                                                   in Australian dollars, which is Mineral
                                                                                                                                                                                    of the non-controlling interest acquired is
                                                                                                                                   Resources Limited’s functional and
                                                                                                                                                                                    recognised directly in equity attributable to
                                                                                                                                   presentation currency.                                                                             (d) Employee share trust
                                                                                                                                                                                    the parent.
                                                                                                                                   Foreign currency transactions are translated                                                       The Group has in place a trust to administer
                                                                                                                                                                                    Profit or loss and each component of other        the Group’s employee share and share
                                                                                                                                   into Australian dollars using the exchange
                                                                                                                                                                                    comprehensive income are attributed to the        rights schemes. This trust is consolidated,
                                                                                                                                   rates prevailing at the dates of the
                                                                                                                                                                                    equity holders of the parent of the Group         as the substance of the relationship is that
                                                                                                                                   transactions. Foreign exchange gains and
                                                                                                                                                                                    and to the non-controlling interests, even if     the trust is controlled by the consolidated
                                                                                                                                   losses resulting from the settlement of
                                                                                                                                                                                    this results in the non-controlling interests     entity. Shares held by the Mineral Resources
                                                                                                                                   such transactions and from the translation
                                                                                                                                                                                    having a deficit balance.                         Employee Share Trust are disclosed
                                                                                                                                   at financial year-end exchange rates of
                                                                                                                                   monetary assets and liabilities denominated      Where the Group loses control over a              as treasury shares and deducted from
                                                                                                                                   in foreign currencies are recognised in profit   subsidiary, it derecognises the assets            contributed equity.
                                                                                                                                   or loss.                                         including goodwill, liabilities and non-




                        99 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 100
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                        1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                     1.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)                         • 	AASB 137: specifying the costs that an entity includes when
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          assessing whether a contract will be loss-making; and
                                                                                                   or payable to, the tax authority is included in other receivables or      AASB 2014 – 10 Sale or contribution of Assets between an
                                                                                                   other payables in the balance sheet.                                      Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                              • 	AASB 141: removing the requirement to exclude cash flows




For personal use only
                        1.3 	SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                                                                                                                                                                  from taxation when measuring fair value, thereby aligning the
                                                                                                   Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components             AASB 2015-10 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          fair value measurement requirements in AASB 141 with those in
                        This note provides a summary of the accounting policies that               of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are    Standards – Effective Date of Amendments to AASB 10 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          other Australian Accounting Standards.
                        are considered significant and relevant to the preparation of the          recoverable from, or payable to the tax authority, are presented as       AASB 128 AASB
                        financial statements, to the extent that they have not already been        operating cash flows.                                                                                                                              Application date for the Group: 1 July 2022
                                                                                                                                                                             2017-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards
                        disclosed in other notes to the financial statements throughout
                                                                                                   Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount             – Effective Date of Amendments to AASB 10 and AASB 128                   AASB 2021-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                        the report. These policies have been consistently applied to all the
                                                                                                   of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the tax authority.                and Editorial Corrections                                                Standards – Disclosure of Accounting Policies and Definition of
                        years presented, unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                                                                                             The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning              Accounting Estimates
                        (a) New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations                Rounding of amounts
                                                                                                                                                                             on or after 1 January 2022. These amendments address an                  The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on
                        adopted                                                                    The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument           acknowledged inconsistency between the requirements in                   or after 1 January 2023. This amending Standard impacts a number
                        The Group has adopted all of the new, revised or amending                  2016/191, issued by the Australian Securities and Investments             AASB 10 and those in AASB 128 (2011), in dealing with the sale or        of standards:
                        Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian          Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’. Amounts in this report have       contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or
                        Accounting Standards Board (AASB) that are mandatory for the               been rounded off in accordance with that Corporations Instrument          joint venture.                                                           • 	AASB 7: clarifying that information about measurement bases
                        current reporting period. The adoption of these Accounting                 to the nearest million dollars, unless otherwise stated.                                                                                               for financial instruments is expected to be material to an entity’s
                        Standards and Interpretations did not have any significant impact                                                                                    As a consequence of the amendment:                                           financial statements;
                                                                                                   (d) New Accounting Standards and Interpretations not yet
                        on the financial performance or position of the Group.                     mandatory or early adopted                                                • 	a full gain or loss on the sale or contribution of assets between    • 	AASB 101: requiring entities to disclose their material
                        Any new or amended Accounting Standards or Interpretations that                                                                                          an investor and investee is recognised when a transaction                accounting policy information rather than their significant
                                                                                                   Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that have
                        are not yet mandatory have not been early adopted.                                                                                                       involves a business (whether it is housed in a subsidiary or not);       accounting policies;
                                                                                                   recently been issued or amended but are not yet mandatory, have
                        (b) Current and non-current classification                                 not been early adopted by the Group for the annual reporting              • 	a partial gain or loss is recognised when a transaction involves     • 	AASB 108: clarifying how entities should distinguish changes in
                                                                                                   period ended 30 June 2021. The Group’s assessment of the                      assets that do not constitute a business, even if these assets are       accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates;
                        Assets and liabilities are presented in the balance sheet based on
                                                                                                   impact of these new or amended Accounting Standards and                       housed in a subsidiary.
                        current and non-current classification.                                                                                                                                                                                       • 	AASB 134: identifying material accounting policy information as
                                                                                                   Interpretations, most relevant to the Group, are set out below.
                                                                                                                                                                             Application date for the Group: 1 July 2022                                  a component of a complete set of financial statements; and
                        An asset is current when it is expected to be realised or intended to      There is currently no material impact from these new standards
                        be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle, it is held primarily        for the Group.                                                            AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards                • 	AASB Practice Statement 2, providing guidance on how to apply
                        for the purpose of trading, it is expected to be realised within                                                                                     – Annual Improvements 2018-2020 and Other Amendments                         the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures.
                                                                                                   AASB 2020-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards
                        12 months after the reporting period, or the asset is cash or cash
                                                                                                   – Classifications of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current                The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning              Application date for the Group: 1 July 2023
                        equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle
                                                                                                                                                                             on or after 1 January 2022. This amending standard makes narrow
                        a liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other   The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on
                        assets are classified as non-current.                                      or after 1 January 2023. This narrow-scope amendment to
                                                                                                                                                                             scope amendments to a number of standards:                               2. 	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES
                                                                                                   AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements clarifies that              • 	AASB 1: to simplify its application by a subsidiary that                  AND ASSUMPTIONS
                        A liability is current when it is expected to be settled in normal
                                                                                                   liabilities are classified as either current or non-current depending         becomes a first-time adopter after its parent in relation to the     The preparation of the financial statements requires management
                        operating cycle, it is held primarily for the purpose of trading, it is
                                                                                                   on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting period; and also         measurement of cumulative translation differences;                   to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect
                        due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period, or
                                                                                                   clarifies the definition of settlement of a liability.                                                                                             the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management
                        there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability                                                                             • 	AASB 3: updating the reference to the Conceptual Framework
                        for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other liabilities   Application date for the Group: 1 July 2023                                   for Financial Reporting without changing the accounting              continually evaluates its judgements and estimates in relation to
                        are classified as non-current.                                                                                                                           requirements for business combinations;                              assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses.
                                                                                                   AASB 2020-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards                                                                                          Management bases its judgements, estimates and assumptions
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as               – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Deferral of   • 	AASB 9: clarifying which fees an entity includes when assessing      on historical experience and on other various factors, including
                        non-current.                                                               Effective Date                                                                whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are       expectations of future events, management believes to be
                                                                                                                                                                                 substantially different from the terms of the original               reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting
                        (c) Goods and Services Tax (GST) and other similar taxes                   The amendment applies to annual reporting periods beginning on
                                                                                                                                                                                 financial liability;                                                 judgements and estimates will seldom equal the related actual
                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of          or after 1 January 2023. AASB 2020-6 defers the mandatory effective
                                                                                                   date of amendments that were originally made in AASB 2020-1               • 	AASB 116: requiring an entity to recognise the sales proceeds        results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a
                        associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable from the
                                                                                                   so that the amendments are required to be applied for annual                  from selling items produced while preparing property, plant and      significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
                        tax authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of the
                                                                                                   reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 instead of             equipment for its intended use, and the related cost, in profit or   amounts of assets and liabilities (refer to the respective notes)
                        acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
                                                                                                   1 January 2022.                                                               loss, instead of deducting the amounts received from the cost        within the next financial year are discussed below.
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST                                                                                       of the asset;
                        receivable or payable. The net amount of GST recoverable from,             Application date for the Group: 1 July 2023




                        101 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 102
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        2.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES                                                                                        Note       3.     OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)
                             AND ASSUMPTIONS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 Income tax                                                      7       Operating segment information
                        COVID-19 pandemic




For personal use only
                                                                                                 Recovery of deferred tax assets                                 7
                        Judgement has been exercised in considering the impacts that the                                                                                                                                                            Mining Services   Commodities   Central        Intersegment*           Total
                        COVID-19 pandemic has had, or may have, on the Group based on            Exploration and evaluation costs                               16
                        known information. This consideration extends to the nature of the       Ore reserve and mineral resource estimates                     16       Group - 2021                                                                        $m           $m         $m                  $m                 $m
                        products and services offered, customers, supply chain, staffing and                                                                             Revenue
                                                                                                 Impairment of non-financial assets                             17
                        geographic regions in which the Group operates.
                                                                                                 Site rehabilitation provisions                                 21       External revenue                                                                   546.7       3,186.9           -                   -           3,733.6
                        During FY21 the Group continued with its proactive implementation
                                                                                                 Project closure                                                21       Intersegment revenue                                                             1,203.4              -          -           (1,203.4)                    -
                        of a range of measures and adaptations to its operations in
                        response to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, border closures                                                                                      Total Revenue                                                                    1,750.1       3,186.9           -           (1,203.4)           3,733.6
                        and lockdowns following COVID-19 outbreaks around Australia              3. 	OPERATING SEGMENTS
                        continue to impact MRL operations, primarily through the forced
                        curtailment of staff movements from interstate and overseas.             Business segment                                                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                  464.2       1,517.4      (37.7)              (43.2)           1,900.7
                        This impacts the Group’s ability to transport iron ore from its          The Group has identified its operating segments based on internal       Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (155.5)       (111.7)      (9.5)               18.7             (258.0)
                        operations as the shortage of road train drivers constrains the          management reports that are reviewed by the Board (the Chief            Underlying EBIT                                                                    308.7       1,405.7      (47.2)              (24.5)           1,642.7
                        movement of materials.                                                   Operating Decision Makers) in assessing performance and in
                                                                                                 determining the allocation of resources.                                Items excluded from underlying earnings                                                                                                            235.8
                        During FY21 MRL continued COVID-19 testing checks as part of
                        the fit-for-work regime for all FIFO workers as and when required.       The Group continues to report its business results as three             Net finance costs                                                                                                                                  (85.8)
                        In addition, the Group maintains its ability, through MinRes Health,     operating segments being Mining Services and Processing,                Profit before tax                                                                                                                                1,792.7
                        to rapidly re-activate these testing services, thereby benefitting the   Commodities, and Central. All are operating within the Australian
                        Group and the wider resources industry and general community             resources sector.
                        in Western Australia. Importantly, MinRes Health testing facilities                                                                              Assets
                                                                                                 The measurement of segment results is in line with the basis of
                        are able to be re-commissioned within approximately 12 hours of a
                                                                                                 information presented to management for internal management             Segment assets                                                                   1,561.8       2,316.1     2,047.9              (72.9)           5,852.9
                        public health notification of a positive COVID-19 case in
                                                                                                 reporting purposes and the performance of each segment is
                        Western Australia. Despite these measures the challenges
                                                                                                 measured based on EBITDA contribution.
                        presented by COVID-19 are fluid and continue to change; it                                                                                       Liabilities
                        is therefore not practical to estimate the potential impact of           The accounting policies applied for internal reporting purposes
                        COVID-19 after the reporting date. The Group will continue to            are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial   Segment liabilities                                                                695.8         599.7     1,311.3                   -           2,606.8
                        assess its response to the COVID-19 pandemic on an                       statements.
                        ongoing basis.
                                                                                                                                                                         Segment net assets                                                                 866.0       1,716.4      736.6               (72.9)           3,246.1
                        Other than as noted above, there does not currently appear to be
                        either any significant impact upon the financial statements or any                                                                               * Represents elimination of internal profits that are temporarily unrealised to the Group
                        significant uncertainties with respect to events or conditions which
                        may impact the Group unfavourably as at the reporting date.

                        Other key judgements, estimates and assumptions
                        Other key judgements, estimates and assumptions which are
                        material to the financial report are found in the following notes:




                        103 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 104
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        3.     OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                             3.	OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

                        Operating segment information (CONTINUED)                                                                                                         Reconciliation of underlying earnings to net earnings




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Pre-tax           Taxation        Net amount            Pre-tax         Net amount
                                                                                                   Mining Services   Commodities   Central   Intersegment*    Total                                                                 2021               2021             2021                2020              2020

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $m                $m                $m                 $m                 $m
                        Group - 2020                                                                        $m           $m         $m            $m           $m
                        Revenue
                                                                                                                                                                          Underlying earnings                                      1,556.8            (454.2)          1,102.6              481.1              333.6
                        External revenue                                                                   440.7       1,684.0           -             -     2,124.7
                        Intersegment revenue                                                               834.3              -          -      (834.3)               -
                                                                                                                                                                          Items excluded from underlying earnings
                        Total Revenue                                                                    1,275.0       1,684.0           -      (834.3)      2,124.7
                                                                                                                                                                          Impairment charges (note 17)                              (46.5)              14.0             (32.5)            (285.8)            (200.0)
                                                                                                                                                                          Net gain on sale of disposal group (note 5)                      -                 -                 -          1,297.8              908.5
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                  359.2         457.0      (28.0)       (23.0)       765.2
                                                                                                                                                                          Gain on bargain purchase                                         -                 -                 -              4.2                 3.0
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (125.4)        (63.1)      (9.9)         4.8       (193.6)
                                                                                                                                                                          Net fair value gain on investments (note 5)               230.3              (69.1)            161.2              (39.8)             (27.9)
                        Underlying EBIT                                                                    233.8         393.9      (37.9)       (18.2)       571.6
                                                                                                                                                                          Exchange gains / (losses) on net debt                       52.1             (15.7)             36.4              (21.3)             (15.0)
                        Items excluded from underlying earnings                                                                                               955.1
                                                                                                                                                                          Total excluded from underlying earnings                   235.9              (70.8)            165.1              955.1              668.6
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                     (90.5)
                        Profit before tax                                                                                                                    1,436.2
                                                                                                                                                                          Net earnings                                             1,792.7            (525.0)          1,267.7            1,436.2            1,002.2

                        Assets                                                                                                                                            Geographical information
                        Segment assets                                                                   1,223.8       1,847.2     1,608.5       (48.6)      4,630.9      Refer note 4 for segment revenue disaggregation based on the geographical locations of external customers.
                                                                                                                                                                          All non-current assets of the Group exclusive of, where applicable, financial instruments and deferred tax assets, are located in Australia.
                        Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                          Major customer information
                        Segment liabilities                                                                481.7         278.0     1,575.6             -     2,335.3
                                                                                                                                                                          During the year ended 30 June 2021, Commodities segment revenues from three customers amounted to $815.6 million, $899.3 million
                                                                                                                                                                          and $859.2 million respectively, arising from the sale of commodities and related freight revenue. No other single customer contributed
                        Segment net assets                                                                 742.1       1,569.2       32.9        (48.6)      2,295.6      10% or more to the Group’s revenue for the year.

                        * Represents elimination of internal profits that are temporarily unrealised to the Group                                                         During the year ended 30 June 2020, Commodities segment revenues from two customers amounted to $863.8 million and $258.9 million
                                                                                                                                                                          respectively, arising from the sale of commodities and related freight revenue. No other single customer contributed 10% or more to the
                                                                                                                                                                          Group’s revenue for the year.




                        105 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 106
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        4.	REVENUE                                                                                                            4.	REVENUE (CONTINUED)                          •	mining services revenue, including              with the variable consideration is
                                                                                                                                                                                                   crushing services, whereby mobilisation         subsequently resolved. Amounts received
                        (a) Disaggregation of revenue                                                                                          (b) Contract balances                               charges may be received from the                that are subject to the constraining principle




For personal use only
                        The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:                                             Contract assets                                     customer but is to be allocated and             are recognised as a refund liability.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   recognised based on the actual tonnes
                                                                                                                                               A contract asset is the right to consideration                                                      (i) Sale of goods
                                                                                                                                                                                                   crushed each period (each
                                                                                                                                               in exchange for goods or services                   performance obligation).                        The Group earns revenue by mining,
                                                                                                     Mining Services   Commodities   Total     transferred to the customer. If the Group                                                           processing, and subsequently selling
                                                                                                                                               performs under the contract by transferring      See Note 18 for further details of contract
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   commodity products (including iron ore
                        Group - 2021                                                                       $m              $m         $m       goods or services to a customer before           liabilities disclosed within Trade and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and lithium) by export to customers under
                        Type of goods or service                                                                                               the customer pays consideration or               Other Payables.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   a range of commercial terms.
                                                                                                                                               before payment is due, a contract asset is
                        Sale of iron ore                                                                        -        3,057.1     3,057.1                                                    Accounting policy for revenue                      Revenue from the sale of product is
                                                                                                                                               recognised for the earned consideration
                                                                                                                                                                                                recognition                                        recognised at the point in time when
                        Sale of lithium                                                                         -          129.8      129.8    that is conditional.
                                                                                                                                                                                                Revenue from contracts with customers              control has been transferred to the
                        Contract and operational revenue                                                  437.8                 -     437.8    The Group does not have any material                                                                customer, no further work or processing is
                                                                                                                                               contract assets as at 30 June 2021, as           Revenue is recognised at an amount                 required by the Group, the quantity and
                        Other                                                                             108.9                 -     108.9
                                                                                                                                               performance and a right to consideration,        that reflects the consideration to which           quality of the goods has been determined
                        Total external revenue from contracts with customers                              546.7          3,186.9     3,733.6   occurs within a short period of time and all     the Group is expected to be entitled in            with reasonable accuracy, the price is
                                                                                                                                               rights to consideration are unconditional.       exchange for transferring goods or                 fixed or determinable, and collectability is
                                                                                                                                                                                                services to a customer. For each contract          reasonably assured. This is generally when
                        Geographical information (by location of customer)                                                                     Trade receivables                                with a customer, the Group identifies the          title passes. The majority of the Group’s
                        Australia                                                                         546.7                 -     546.7    A receivable represents the Group’s right        contract with a customer, identifies the           sales agreements specify that title passes
                                                                                                                                               to an amount of consideration that is            performance obligations in the contract,           when the product is delivered to the
                        China                                                                                   -          320.3      320.3
                                                                                                                                               unconditional (i.e., only the passage of         determines the transaction price which             destination specified by the customer, which
                        Singapore                                                                               -        2,866.6     2,866.6   time is required before payment of the           takes into account estimates of variable           is typically the vessel on which the product
                                                                                                                                               consideration is due). Refer to Note 10          consideration and the time value of money,         will be shipped. In practical terms, revenue
                                                                                                                                               for trade receivables.                           allocates the transaction price to the             is generally recognised on the bill of lading
                        Total external revenue from contracts with customers                              546.7          3,186.9     3,733.6                                                    separate performance obligations on the            date, which is the date the commodity is
                                                                                                                                               Contract liabilities                             basis of the relative stand-alone selling          delivered to the shipping agent. Within
                                                                                                                                               A contract liability is the obligation to        price of each distinct good or service to be       each contract to sell commodity products,
                                                                                                     Mining Services   Commodities   Total                                                      delivered, and recognises revenue when
                                                                                                                                               transfer goods or services to a customer for                                                        each unit of product shipped is a separate
                                                                                                                                               which the Group has received consideration       or as each performance obligation is               performance obligation.
                        Group - 2020                                                                       $m              $m         $m                                                        satisfied in a manner that depicts the
                                                                                                                                               (or an amount of consideration is due)                                                              Revenue is generally recognised at the
                        Type of goods or service                                                                                               from the customer. If a customer pays            transfer to the customer of the goods or
                                                                                                                                                                                                services promised.                                 contracted price as this reflects the stand-
                        Sale of iron ore                                                                        -        1,552.7     1,552.7   consideration before the Group transfers                                                            alone selling price.
                                                                                                                                               goods or services to the customer, a             Variable consideration within the
                        Sale of lithium                                                                         -          131.1      131.1                                                                                                        The Group’s sales agreements may provide
                                                                                                                                               contract liability is recognised when the        transaction price, if any, reflects concessions
                        Contract and operational revenue                                                  435.1                 -     435.1    payment is made or the payment is due            provided to the customer such as discounts,        for provisional pricing of sales with pricing
                                                                                                                                               (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities     rebates and refunds, any potential bonuses         subsequently adjusted to reflect market
                        Other                                                                                5.5             0.3         5.8
                                                                                                                                               are recognised as revenue when the Group         receivable from the customer and any               prices over a quotation period stipulated
                        Total external revenue from contracts with customers                              440.6          1,684.1     2,124.7   performs under the contract.                     other contingent events. Such estimates            in the sales contract, typically on or after
                                                                                                                                                                                                are determined using either the “expected          the vessel’s arrival at the port of discharge.
                                                                                                                                               From time to time, the Group recognises                                                             The estimated consideration in relation to
                                                                                                                                               contract liabilities in relation to:             value” or “most likely amount” method.
                        Geographical information (by location of customer)                                                                                                                                                                         provisionally priced contracts is marked
                                                                                                                                                                                                The measurement of variable consideration
                        Australia                                                                         440.6              0.3      440.9    •	commodity sales which are sold under          is subject to a constraining principle             to market using the spot price at the end
                                                                                                                                                  Cost and Freight (CFR) and Cost,              whereby revenue will be recognised only            of each reporting period with the impact
                        China                                                                                   -          292.8      292.8                                                                                                        of the price movements recorded as an
                                                                                                                                                  Insurance and Freight (CIF) Incoterms,        to the extent that it is highly probable
                        Singapore                                                                               -        1,391.0     1,391.0      whereby a portion of the cash may be          that a significant reversal in the amount          adjustment to sales revenue.
                                                                                                                                                  received from the customer before             of cumulative revenue recognised will
                                                                                                                                                  the freight/insurance services are            not occur. The measurement constraint
                        Total external revenue from contracts with customers                              440.6          1,684. 1    2,124.7      provided; and                                 continues until the uncertainty associated




                        107 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 108
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        4.	REVENUE (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                 5.	OTHER INCOME (CONTINUED)

                        These sales agreements also allow for an              The Group does not disclose sales revenue         or at cost plus margin incurred to date, the    (a) Sale of 60% interest in Wodgina Lithium Project in the prior year




For personal use only
                        adjustment to the sales price based on                from freight and insurance services               Group has used the practical expedient          On 1 November 2019, the Group completed a transaction to sell a 60% interest in certain tenements, assets and related infrastructure,
                        a survey of the goods by the customer                 separately as it does not consider that this is   available under AASB 15 to recognise            together comprising the Wodgina Lithium Project under a binding Asset Sale and Share Subscription Agreement (Sale Agreement) with
                        (an assay for mineral content) therefore              necessary in order to understand the impact       revenue based on the right to invoice,          Albemarle Corporation (NYSE: ALB, Albemarle). The Group recognised a pre-tax gain on disposal of $1,297.8 million
                        recognition of the sales revenue is based             of economic factors on the Group; and the         on the basis that the invoiced amount           (post-tax $908.5 million) in the year ended 30 June 2020.
                        on the most recently determined estimate              Group’s Chief Operating Decision Makers           corresponds directly with the value to the
                        of product specifications. The effect of              (as defined in the operating segments note        customer of the Group’s performance             (i) Current tax paid
                        variable consideration arising from these             3) do not review information specifically         completed to date.                              Income Tax attributable to this transaction was comprised of an Income Tax payable amount of $411.2 million (included in current tax
                        arrangements with customers is included               relating to these sources of revenue in order                                                     liabilities at 30 June 2020 of $415.9 million) and an offsetting Deferred Tax benefit of $21.9 million.
                                                                                                                                For crushing service contracts specifically,
                        in revenue to the extent that it is highly            to evaluate the performance of business
                                                                                                                                each tonne of ore crushed represents a          A total of $78.9m of the $411.2m Income Tax Payable on the transaction was paid in FY20 and the balance of $332.3m was paid in FY21,
                        probable that there will be no significant            segments, neither is information on these
                                                                                                                                separate performance obligation. Revenue        the impact of which is reflected in a reduction of the current tax liabilities balance on the consolidated balance sheet (a reduction from
                        reversal of the cumulative amount of                  sources of revenue provided externally.
                                                                                                                                from the rendering of crushing services is      $415.9 million at 30 June 2020 to $166.7 million at 30 June 2021) and is included in the Income Taxes Paid total of $584.3 million in the
                        revenue recognised when any pricing
                                                                              The Group applies the practical expedient         measured and recognised as each tonne           consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2021.
                        uncertainty is resolved.
                                                                              in AASB 15 paragraph 121 for its freight/         is crushed based on a schedule of rates
                                                                                                                                                                                (ii) Assets and liabilities of disposal group at date of disposal
                        The Group sells the majority of its commodity         insurance services and does not disclose          that is invoiced to the customer, being the
                        products on CFR or CIF International                  information on the transaction price              estimate of the price to which the Group
                        Commercial Terms (Incoterms) which means              allocated to performance obligations              expects to be entitled, and a corresponding                                                                                                                                          Group
                        that the Group is responsible for providing           that remain unsatisfied at the end of the         trade receivable is recognised. Mobilisation                                                                                                                                              $m
                        freight services and, in CIF instances,               reporting period as the performance               / demobilisation charges on crushing
                                                                                                                                                                                Assets
                        insurance, after the date at which title of           obligations arising under sales arrangement       service contracts constitute variable charges
                        the goods passes. The Group therefore                 for its commodity products have an original       that will be associated and allocated to        Inventories                                                                                                                               54.7
                        has separate performance obligations for              expected duration of one year or less.            each tonne crushed (each performance
                                                                                                                                                                                Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                            348.0
                        freight/insurance services provided for sale                                                            obligation) and therefore recognised based
                                                                              (ii) Rendering of services
                        of products under CFR and CIF Incoterms.                                                                on the actual tonnes crushed each period,       Exploration and mine development                                                                                                         128.4
                                                                              The Group’s Mining Services & Processing          rather than when invoiced.                      Total assets disposed                                                                                                                    531.1
                        Freight/insurance revenue is allocated
                                                                              segment earns contract and operational
                        from the overall contract price at its                                                                  The Group applies the practical expedient
                                                                              revenue from the provision of a range of
                        standalone selling price (where observable)                                                             in AASB 15 paragraph 121 for its mining
                                                                              mining services, including crushing services.                                                     Liabilities
                        or otherwise at its estimated cost plus                                                                 services revenue and does not disclose
                        margin. The recognition of freight/insurance          Revenue from mining services is recognised        information on the transaction price            Lease liability                                                                                                                          (13.5)
                        revenue is deferred until the product is              over time as the services are rendered. As        allocated to performance obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                Provisions - site rehabilitation                                                                                                         (16.5)
                        delivered rather than when the product                mining services are invoiced on a monthly         that remain unsatisfied at the end of the
                        is shipped.                                           basis based on the actual services provided       reporting period as these are not material.     Total liabilities associated with assets disposed                                                                                        (30.0)
                                                                                                                                                                                Net assets disposed                                                                                                                      501.1


                        5.   OTHER INCOME                                                                                                                                       (iii) Gain on disposal

                                                                                                                                              Group                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                                                 2021                        2020                                                                                                             30 June 2021                 30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $m                          $m                                                                                                                   $m                           $m
                        Net fair value gain on investments held at fair value through profit or loss                             230.3                           -              Proceeds                                                                                              -                       1,826.3
                        Gain on bargain purchase                                                                                      -                        4.2              Net of transaction costs and other items                                                              -                         (27.4)
                        Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              (4.0)                        5.4              Less carrying amount of net assets disposed                                                           -                        (501.1)
                        Net gain on sale of disposal group (a)(ii)                                                                    -                    1,297.8              Gain on disposal before tax                                                                           -                       1,297.8
                        Other                                                                                                     19.0                         4.5              Income tax expense                                                                                    -                        (389.3)
                        Other income                                                                                             245.3                     1,311.9              Gain on disposal after tax                                                                            -                         908.5




                        109 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 110
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        6.	EXPENSES                                                                                           7.    INCOME TAX

                                                                                                              Group            (a) Income tax expense




For personal use only
                                                                                                     2021             2020                                                                                                          Group
                                                                                                      $m               $m                                                                                               2021                     2020
                        Profit before tax includes the following specific expenses:                                                                                                                                      $m                       $m

                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                          Income tax expense

                        Plant and equipment                                                          183.1            161.7    Current tax                                                                              368.4                   563.1

                        Depreciation capitalised to assets                                            (0.2)            (0.7)   Deferred tax - origination and reversal of temporary differences                         157.4                  (131.1)

                        Total depreciation                                                           182.9            161.0    Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                   (0.8)                     2.0
                                                                                                                               Aggregate income tax expense                                                             525.0                   434.0

                        Amortisation

                        Mine development                                                              72.1             28.7    Deferred tax included in income tax expense comprises:

                        Other                                                                          3.0              3.9    Increase in deferred tax assets                                                          (17.4)                  (73.8)

                        Total amortisation                                                            75.1             32.6    Increase/(decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                                          174.8                   (57.3)
                                                                                                                               Deferred tax - origination and reversal of temporary differences                         157.4                  (131.1)

                        Total depreciation and amortisation                                          258.0            193.6
                                                                                                                               Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense and tax at the statutory rate

                        Impairment                                                                                             Profit before income tax expense                                                       1,792.7                  1,436.2

                        Exploration and mine development (note 16)                                        -            71.2    Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                     537.8                   430.9

                        Intangibles (note 17)                                                         24.1             50.0
                        Property, plant and equipment (note 17)                                       14.2            145.4    Tax effect amounts which are not deductible in calculating taxable income:

                        Trade receivables                                                                 -             0.2         Non allowable expenses                                                                1.6                      0.1

                        Inventory (note 17)                                                            8.2             19.0         Research and Development concessions                                                (13.6)                       -

                        Total impairment                                                              46.5            285.8                                                                                             525.8                   431.0
                                                                                                                               Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                   (0.8)                     2.0

                        Finance costs                                                                                          Current year tax losses not recognised                                                        -                     1.0

                        Interest on borrowings                                                        83.6             94.2    Income tax expense                                                                       525.0                   434.0

                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                  9.4              9.0
                        Other                                                                          2.8              1.7
                        Finance costs expensed                                                        95.8            104.9


                        Other expenses:

                        Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                             (51.3)            22.7
                        Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss        -            40.9
                        Short-term leases, low value leases and leases with variable payments          1.7              0.9
                        All other operating expenses                                                 138.6            118.2
                        Total other expenses                                                          89.0            182.7




                        111 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                    MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 112
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        7.   INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                 7.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                              Group                 (b) Deferred tax asset




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   2021                   2020                                                                                                         Group
                                                                                                                                    $m                     $m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2021              2020
                        Amounts charged directly to equity                                                                                                                                                                                                     $m                $m

                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       -                    0.2     Deferred tax asset
                                                                                                                                                                    Deferred tax asset comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                                                                                                                                                                    Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
                        Tax losses not recognised
                                                                                                                                                                         Allowance for expected credit losses                                                    1.3              1.3
                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                                       33.5                   30.0
                                                                                                                                                                         Contract liabilities                                                                    7.4              4.0
                                                                                                                                                                         Employee benefits                                                                     15.4              16.1
                        Potential tax benefit @ 30%                                                                                 10.0                    9.0
                                                                                                                                                                         Provisions                                                                            59.4              38.3
                        The above potential tax benefit for tax losses has not been recognised in the balance sheet. These tax losses can only be utilised (or           Accrued expenses                                                                        5.5              7.3
                        transferred in upon joining the tax consolidated group) in the future if the continuity of ownership test is passed, or failing that, the
                        business continuity test is satisfied.                                                                                                           Unrealised foreign exchange (gain) / loss                                             (0.4)             13.5
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     -             22.6
                                                                                                                                                                         Inventories                                                                             0.1              4.6
                                                                                                                                                                         Development costs                                                                     30.9              10.7
                                                                                                                                                                         Tax losses                                                                              5.2              1.4
                                                                                                                                                                         Black-hole deductions                                                                   3.7                -
                                                                                                                                                                    Deferred tax asset                                                                        128.5             119.8


                                                                                                                                                                    Movements:

                                                                                                                                                                    Opening balance                                                                           119.8              45.5
                                                                                                                                                                    Credited to profit or loss                                                                 17.4              73.8
                                                                                                                                                                    Additions through business combinations (note 28)                                              -              0.3
                                                                                                                                                                    (Over)/under provision from prior year                                                     (8.7)              0.2
                                                                                                                                                                    Closing balance                                                                           128.5             119.8




                        113 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 114
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        7.     INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                   7.     INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)                                                     recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          that future taxable profits will be available for the carrying amount
                                                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary
                        (c) Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                                                                                                        to be recovered. Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets are
                                                                                                                                                                        differences at the tax rates expected to be applied when the assets




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          recognised to the extent that it is probable that there are future
                                                                                                                                                  Group                 are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          taxable profits available to recover the asset.
                                                                                                                                          2021            2020          are enacted or substantively enacted, except for:
                                                                                                                                           $m              $m                                                                                             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a
                                                                                                                                                                        •	When the deferred income tax asset or liability arises from
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current
                        Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                              the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                        Deferred tax liability comprises temporary differences attributable to:                                                                                                                                                           tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities;
                                                                                                                                                                            transaction that is not a business combination and that, at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          and they relate to the same taxable authority on either the same
                                                                                                                                                                            the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting nor
                        Amounts recognised in profit or loss:                                                                                                                                                                                             taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend to settle
                                                                                                                                                                            taxable profits; or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          simultaneously.
                              Trade and other receivables                                                                                  16.0            (5.1)
                                                                                                                                                                        •	When the taxable temporary difference is associated with
                              Property, plant and equipment                                                                               195.0            91.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Mineral Resources Limited (the ‘head entity’) and its wholly-owned
                                                                                                                                                                           interests in subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures, and the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Australian subsidiaries have formed an income tax group under
                              Exploration and evaluation                                                                                   17.7            16.6            timing of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          the tax consolidation regime. The head entity and each subsidiary
                                                                                                                                                                           that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                              Research and development                                                                                     33.2             8.3                                                                                           in the tax consolidated group continue to account for their own
                                                                                                                                                                           foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          current and deferred tax amounts. The tax group has applied the
                              Prepayments                                                                                                   9.2            10.4         Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary                       ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach in determining the
                              Financial assets                                                                                             50.0                -        differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future              appropriate amount of taxes to allocate to members of the
                                                                                                                                                                        taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary                      tax group.
                              Other                                                                                                         1.6             0.5
                                                                                                                                                                        differences and losses.
                        Deferred tax liability                                                                                            322.7           122.5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, the head
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          entity also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the
                                                                                                                                                                             Key judgement: Recovery of deferred tax assets                               deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax
                        Movements:                                                                                                                                                                                                                        credits assumed from each subsidiary in the tax group.
                                                                                                                                                                             Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary
                        Opening balance                                                                                                   122.5           185.6              differences only if the Group considers it is probable that future           Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the
                                                                                                                                                                             taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary                 tax group are recognised as amounts receivable from or payable
                        Debited / (Credited) to profit or loss                                                                            174.7           (57.3)
                                                                                                                                                                             differences and losses.                                                      to other entities in the tax group. The tax funding arrangement
                        Charged to equity                                                                                                     -             0.2                                                                                           ensures that the intercompany charge equals the current tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          liability or benefit of each tax group member, resulting in neither a
                        Additions through business combinations (note 28)                                                                     -             0.9
                                                                                                                                                                        The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax                   contribution by the head entity to the subsidiaries nor a distribution
                        (Over)/under provision from prior year                                                                             25.5            (6.9)        assets are reviewed at each reporting date. Deferred tax assets                   by the subsidiaries to the head entity.
                        Closing balance                                                                                                   322.7           122.5
                                                                                                                                                                        8.     EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Group
                        Accounting policy for income tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2021               2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                        The income tax expense for the period is the tax payable on that period’s taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for each       Profit after tax                                                                                                              1,267.7            1,002.2
                        jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences, unused tax losses and the   Non-controlling interest                                                                                                          2.0                1.5
                        adjustment recognised for prior periods, where applicable.
                                                                                                                                                                        Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of Mineral Resources Limited                                               1,269.7            1,003.7

                             Key judgement: Income tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Number              Number
                             The Group is subject to income taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgement is required in determining the       Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share                                    188,612,740       188,326,986
                             provision for income tax. There are many transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for which         Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share                                  188,612,740       188,326,986
                             the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Group recognises the amount of tax payable or recoverable based on management’s
                             best estimate of the most likely outcome. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the carrying amounts, such
                             differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.                                                                                                                                                       Cents              Cents
                                                                                                                                                                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                      673.18             532.96
                                                                                                                                                                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                    673.18             532.96




                        115 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 116
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)                                                                                                             9.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)

                        Accounting policy for earnings per share                                                                                                        (b) Cash flow information - Reconciliation of profit after tax to net cash from operating activities




For personal use only
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Group
                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Mineral Resources Limited, excluding any costs                                                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           $m                  $m
                        of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                        adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the financial year.                                                                Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                                     1,267.7             1,002.2

                        Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the after income      Adjustments for:
                        tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 258.0               193.6
                        shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.
                                                                                                                                                                             Share-based payments                                                                                           10.2                 6.7
                                                                                                                                                                             Foreign exchange differences                                                                                  (52.0)               44.9
                        9.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                                                                                             Impairment loss                                                                                                46.5               285.8
                        (a) Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                             Net loss/ (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   4.0                (5.4)
                                                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                                                                                                                             Net gain on sale of disposal group                                                                                 -           (1,297.8)
                                                                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                                                                            $m                $m             Fair value (gain)/ loss on investments held at fair value through profit or loss                             (230.3)               40.9
                        Current                                                                                                                                              Other non-cash transactions                                                                                    (2.8)                1.1
                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                         1,327.6           1,184.9
                        Short-term deposits and other cash equivalents                                                                     214.5            336.9       Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                                                                                                                                         1,542.1           1,521.8           Increase in trade and other receivables                                                                      (123.6)               (9.1)
                                                                                                                                                                             Increase in inventories                                                                                       (12.7)              (53.9)
                        Accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                             Increase in deferred tax assets                                                                               (10.4)              (68.1)
                        Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, short-term deposits with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments
                        with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an                   Decrease/(increase) in other operating assets                                                                   1.1                (8.9)
                        insignificant risk of changes in value.                                                                                                              Increase in trade and other payables                                                                          196.8                70.4
                                                                                                                                                                             (Decrease)/ increase in provision for income tax                                                             (249.2)              470.4
                                                                                                                                                                             Increase/(decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                                                               200.2               (85.0)
                                                                                                                                                                             Increase in provisions                                                                                          5.9                 6.8
                                                                                                                                                                        Net cash from operating activities                                                                               1,309.4               594.6



                                                                                                                                                                        Accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                        Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
                                                                                                                                                                        investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to
                                                                                                                                                                        an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash and cash equivalents are classified as financial assets held at amortised cost.




                        117 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 118
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        9.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                      10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                        (c) Cash flow information – Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities                                                                                                                                                                   Group




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2021                    2020
                                                                                                    Lease          Senior          Other                                                                                                                            $m                      $m
                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                   liability   unsecured notes   borrowings
                                                                                                                                                        Current
                        Group                                                                        $m              $m             $m          $m
                                                                                                                                                        Trade receivables                                                                                          301.7                   180.1
                        Balance at 1 July 2019                                                      153.2          982.6             1.1      1,136.9
                                                                                                                                                        Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                  (4.3)                   (4.2)
                        Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                (64.1)              -            0.1       (64.0)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   297.4                   175.9
                        Lease liabilities recognised on adoption of AASB 16                          11.7               -              -        11.7
                                                                                                                                                        Loan receivables                                                                                            33.9                     1.6
                        Acquisition of leases                                                       183.7               -              -       183.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   331.3                   177.5
                        Exchange differences                                                             -          21.8               -        21.8    Non-current
                        Other changes                                                                (1.7)            2.3              -          0.6
                                                                                                                                                        Loan receivables                                                                                            46.9                    37.7
                                                                                                                                                        Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                  (0.5)                   (0.5)
                        Balance at 30 June 2020                                                     282.8         1,006.7            1.2      1,290.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    46.4                    37.2
                        Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                               (109.8)              -           25.2       (84.6)
                        Acquisition of leases                                                       172.6               -              -       172.6
                                                                                                                                                        Other receivables                                                                                               -                    4.9
                        Exchange differences                                                             -         (88.9)              -       (88.9)
                                                                                                                                                        Security deposits                                                                                            0.9                     1.4
                        Other changes                                                               (30.4)            2.4              -       (28.0)
                                                                                                                                                        Deferred consideration receivable from sale of disposal group (note 24)                                    606.1                   606.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   653.4                   649.6
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                     315.2          920.2            26.4      1,261.8

                                                                                                                                                        Expected credit losses on trade and other receivables are not material. Further information about the Group’s exposure to credit and
                                                                                                                                                        market risks, and impairment losses for trade receivables and contract assets is included in Note 24.
                                                                                                                                                        Accounting policy for trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                        Trade receivables
                                                                                                                                                        Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
                                                                                                                                                        less any allowance for impairment losses. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 days.
                                                                                                                                                        Refer note 24 for the Group’s credit risk management policies.
                                                                                                                                                        Impairment of trade receivables
                                                                                                                                                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Loss allowances for trade receivables are measured at an amount
                                                                                                                                                        equal to lifetime expected credit losses (ECLs). Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                                                                                                                                                        life of a financial instrument. Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial
                                                                                                                                                        reorganisation and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a receivable is credit-impaired. ECLs are a
                                                                                                                                                        probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference
                                                                                                                                                        between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive). Cash flows
                                                                                                                                                        relating to short-term receivables are not discounted if the effect of discounting is immaterial.
                                                                                                                                                        Debts which are known to be uncollectable are written off by reducing the carrying amount directly. If an impairment allowance has been
                                                                                                                                                        recognised for a debt that then becomes uncollectable, the debt is written off against the allowance account. If an amount is subsequently
                                                                                                                                                        recovered, it is credited against profit or loss.




                        119 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                               MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 120
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    13. FINANCIAL ASSETS
                        Loans and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group




For personal use only
                        Other receivables generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. Loans and other receivables are                                                                                                                        2021                    2020
                        classified as financial assets held at amortised cost, less any allowance for impairment losses.                                                                                                                                                                 $m                      $m
                        The Group’s other receivables do not contain impaired assets and are not past due. Based on the credit history, it is expected that these      Non-current
                        other receivables will be received when due.                                                                                                   Shares in listed corporations - at fair value through profit or loss                                            296.1                     42.3

                        11. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                                                                       Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                                                                                       Reconciliation of the fair values at the beginning and end of the current and
                                                                                                                                  2021                   2020          previous financial year are set out below:
                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                        Current                                                                                                                                        Opening fair value                                                                                               42.3                     75.1

                        Raw materials and stores                                                                                   52.4                   48.5         Additions                                                                                                        40.2                      8.1

                        Ore inventory stockpiles                                                                                   67.3                   91.7         Disposals                                                                                                        (9.6)                    (1.1)

                        Work in progress                                                                                            2.9                   15.4         Transfer (note 30)                                                                                               (7.1)                        -

                                                                                                                                  122.6                  155.6         Revaluation                                                                                                     230.3                   (39.8)

                        Non-current                                                                                                                                    Closing fair value                                                                                              296.1                     42.3

                        Ore inventory stockpiles                                                                                   62.4                   35.3         Refer to note 24 for further information on fair value measurement.

                                                                                                                                                                       Accounting policy for investments and other financial assets
                        Accounting policy for inventories
                                                                                                                                                                       Investments and other financial assets are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs are included as part of the initial measurement,
                        Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of weighted average cost and net realisable value. Cost             except for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Such assets are subsequently measured at either amortised cost or fair value
                        comprises direct materials and delivery costs, direct labour, import duties and other taxes, an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed   depending on their classification. Classification is determined based on both the business model within which such assets are held and the
                        overhead expenditure based on normal operating capacity, and, where applicable, transfers from cash flow hedging reserves in equity.           contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset unless an accounting mismatch is being avoided.
                        Costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates and discounts received or receivable.
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and
                        Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the          the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
                        estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                        12. OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial assets not measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) are classified as financial
                                                                                                                                             Group                     assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Typically, such financial assets will be either: (i) held for trading, where they are acquired for
                                                                                                                                                                       the purpose of selling in the short-term with an intention of making a profit, or a derivative; or (ii) designated as such upon initial recognition
                                                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m           where permitted. Fair value movements are recognised in profit or loss.
                        Current                                                                                                                                        The Group’s investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading are measured at FVTPL. An irrevocable election has not been
                                                                                                                                                                       made by management to measure any instruments at FVOCI. This election is made on an investment by investment basis.
                        Prepayments                                                                                                37.6                   38.8
                        Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                         (0.3)                        -
                                                                                                                                   37.3                   38.8




                        121 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 122
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                                14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                       Group             Reconciliations




For personal use only
                                                                              2021              2020     Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:
                                                                               $m                $m
                        Non-current                                                                                                                                                                          Right-of-use
                                                                                                                                                                                           Right-of-use                        Plant and
                                                                                                                                                                 Land         Building                        plant and                          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                            buildings                         equipment
                        Land - cost                                            25.4              14.4                                                                                                        equipment
                                                                                                         Group                                                    $m             $m             $m                $m              $m              $m

                        Buildings - cost                                      241.7              95.4    Balance at 1 July 2019                                  14.4           10.4               -            159.1         1,116.7         1,300.6

                        Less: Accumulated depreciation                        (46.5)            (41.0)   Additions                                                  -               -          47.0             135.5           218.1           400.6

                                                                              195.2              54.4    Additions through business combinations (note 28)          -               -              -              0.1             9.2             9.3
                                                                                                         Disposals                                                  -               -              -            (10.1)          (12.6)          (22.7)

                        Right-of-use buildings - at cost                       12.7              47.0    Impairment of assets                                       -               -              -                 -         (145.4)         (145.4)

                        Less: Accumulated depreciation                         (8.9)             (7.0)   Transfers                                                  -           50.7               -             40.4          (106.6)          (15.5)

                                                                                 3.8             40.0    Depreciation expense                                       -           (6.7)          (7.0)            (53.7)          (93.6)         (161.0)


                        Right-of-use plant and equipment - cost               550.7             383.5    Balance at 30 June 2020                                 14.4           54.4           40.0             271.3           985.8         1,365.9

                        Less: Accumulated depreciation                       (152.0)           (112.2)   Additions                                                9.5          142.1            1.7             183.7           365.6           702.6

                                                                              398.7             271.3    Disposals                                                  -               -         (31.7)             (8.8)           (7.2)          (47.7)
                                                                                                         Impairment of assets                                       -               -              -                 -          (14.2)          (14.2)

                        Plant and equipment - cost                           1,743.1           1,434.8   Transfers                                                1.5            4.2            0.1              11.6           (16.3)            1.1

                        Less: Accumulated depreciation                       (541.6)           (449.0)   Depreciation expense                                       -           (5.5)          (6.3)            (59.1)         (112.2)         (183.1)

                                                                             1,201.5            985.8
                                                                                                         Balance at 30 June 2021                                 25.4          195.2            3.8             398.7         1,201.5         1,824.6

                                                                             1,824.6           1,365.9
                                                                                                         Capitalised borrowing costs
                                                                                                         The amount of borrowing costs capitalised during the year ended 30 June 2021 was not material. In the prior year ended 30 June 2020, the
                                                                                                         amount of borrowing costs capitalised was not material.

                                                                                                         Assets in the course of construction
                                                                                                         At 30 June 2021, there were no material amounts included in property, plant and equipment relating to assets in the course of construction.
                                                                                                         In the prior year ended 30 June 2020, there were no material amounts included in property, plant and equipment relating to assets in the
                                                                                                         course of construction.

                                                                                                         Impairment testing
                                                                                                         Refer to note 17 for details of impairment testing.




                        123 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 124
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)                              Depreciation                                                             15. INTANGIBLES
                                                                                                   Depreciation is calculated either on the straight-line method
                        Accounting policy for property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                                Group
                                                                                                   to write off the net cost of each item of property, plant and




For personal use only
                        Owned assets                                                               equipment over the shorter of the lease term (where applicable)                                                                                                           2021                         2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $m                           $m
                                                                                                   and their expected useful lives, or units of production method
                        Items of plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated                                                                                    Non-current
                                                                                                   where the Group’s ore reserves are used to determine the units
                        depreciation and impairment losses. The cost of self- constructed
                                                                                                   of production depreciation.                                              Goodwill - cost                                                                                    1.4                          1.4
                        assets includes the cost of materials, direct labour and an
                        appropriate portion of production overheads. The cost of                   Buildings                       40 years
                        self-constructed and acquired assets includes (i) the initial estimate
                                                                                                   Buildings at mine sites         10 years or usage basis                  Development - at cost                                                                                -                         21.8
                        at the time of installation and during the period of use, when
                        relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and           Right-of-use buildings          Shorter of 40 years or the term of
                        restoring the site on which they are located, and (ii) changes in          		                              the lease
                                                                                                                                                                            Patents - cost                                                                                       -                          1.7
                        the measurement of existing liabilities recognised for these               Right-of-use plant              Shorter of 3-20 years or the term of
                        costs resulting from changes in the timing or outflow of resources         		                              the lease
                        required to settle the obligation or from changes in the                   Plant and equipment             1 - 10 years or usage basis              Access rights - cost                                                                             56.7                          56.7
                        discount rate.
                                                                                                                                                                            Less: Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                   (37.9)                        (35.6)
                                                                                                   The residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are
                        Where parts of an item of plant and equipment have different
                                                                                                   reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date.                                                                                                            18.8                          21.1
                        useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items of plant
                        and equipment.                                                             Subsequent costs
                                                                                                                                                                            Other - cost                                                                                     23.0                           7.1
                        Right-of-use assets                                                        The Group recognises in the carrying amount of an item of plant
                                                                                                   and equipment the cost of replacing part of such an item when that       Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                   (6.5)                         (5.2)
                        The Group has adopted AASB 16 Leases (AASB 16) from
                                                                                                   cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
                        1 July 2019. Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value                                                                                                                                                                                    16.5                           1.9
                                                                                                   embodied within the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
                        assets, right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities are
                                                                                                   item can be measured reliably. All other costs are recognised in the
                        recognised in the balance sheet when a contract is, or contains, a
                                                                                                   income statement as an expense as incurred.                                                                                                                               36.7                          47.9
                        lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use
                        of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange                    Borrowing costs
                        for consideration.                                                                                                                                  Reconciliations
                                                                                                   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction
                                                                                                   or production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of    Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:
                        A right-of-use asset is recognised at the commencement date of a
                        lease. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which comprises         time to prepare for their intended use or sale are added to the cost                                                                        Capitalised                     Access
                                                                                                   of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready                                                         Goodwill    development       Patents                         Others              Total
                        the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for, as applicable,                                                                                                                                                  costs                         rights
                        any lease payments made at or before the commencement date                 for their intended use or sale.
                        net of any lease incentives received, any initial direct costs incurred,                                                                            Group                                                   $m              $m            $m             $m                $m                $m
                                                                                                   All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the
                        and, except where included in the cost of inventories, an estimate                                                                                  Balance at 1 July 2019                                  1.4            56.7           1.7            23.6              1.3              84.7
                                                                                                   period in which they are incurred.
                        of costs expected to be incurred for dismantling and removing the
                        underlying asset, and restoring the site or asset.                                                                                                  Additions                                                 -            15.1              -               -             2.0              17.1
                                                                                                                                                                            Impairment of assets                                      -           (50.0)             -               -               -             (50.0)
                        Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over
                        the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful life of the                                                                               Amortisation expense                                      -                -             -           (2.5)           (1.4)              (3.9)
                        asset, whichever is the shorter. Where the Group expects to obtain
                        ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2020                                 1.4            21.8           1.7            21.1              1.9              47.9
                        depreciation is over its estimated useful life. Right-of use assets
                        are subject to impairment or adjusted for any re-measurement of                                                                                     Additions                                                 -             0.6              -               -           15.9               16.5
                        lease liabilities.
                                                                                                                                                                            Impairment of assets                                      -           (22.4)         (1.7)               -               -             (24.1)
                                                                                                                                                                            Amortisation expense                                      -                -             -           (2.3)           (1.3)              (3.6)


                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2021                                 1.4                -             -           18.8            16.5               36.7




                        125 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 126
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        15. INTANGIBLES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                        16. EXPLORATION AND MINE DEVELOPMENT

                        Allocation of goodwill to cash-generating units                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group




For personal use only
                        The following cash generating units have carrying amounts of goodwill:                                                                                                                                                                               2021                         2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $m                           $m
                                                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                                                                                           Non-current
                                                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                                                                                     $m                     $m             Exploration and evaluation                                                                        163.5                        132.0

                        Process Minerals International Pty Ltd                                                                       1.4                    1.4
                                                                                                                                                                           Mine development                                                                                  765.5                        475.9
                        Impairment testing
                                                                                                                                                                           Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                                   (203.2)                      (131.5)
                        Refer to note 17 for details of impairment testing                                                                                                                                                                                                   562.3                        344.4
                        Accounting policy for intangible assets
                        Intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, other than goodwill, are initially measured at their fair value at the date of                                                                                                         725.8                        476.4
                        the acquisition. Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Indefinite life intangible assets are not amortised and
                        are subsequently measured at cost less any impairment. Finite life intangible assets are subsequently measured at cost less amortisation
                                                                                                                                                                           Reconciliations
                        and any impairment. The gains or losses recognised in profit or loss arising from the derecognition of intangible assets are measured as
                        the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the intangible asset. The method and useful lives of finite life           Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:
                        intangible assets are reviewed annually. Changes in the expected pattern of consumption or useful life are accounted for prospectively by                                                                                         Exploration               Mine
                        changing the amortisation method or period.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         and evaluation          development

                        Goodwill                                                                                                                                           Group                                                                               $m                      $m                     $m

                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested annually for impairment, or more          Balance at 1 July 2019                                                            163.4                    245.1                 408.5
                        frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment            Additions                                                                          47.9                    118.1                 166.0
                        losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are taken to profit or loss and are not subsequently reversed.
                                                                                                                                                                           Disposals                                                                              -                   (10.2)                (10.2)
                        Research and development                                                                                                                           Impairment of assets                                                              (53.7)                   (17.5)                (71.2)
                        Research costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Development costs are capitalised when it is probable that the
                                                                                                                                                                           Reassessment of rehabilitation                                                         -                    12.0                   12.0
                        project will be a success considering its commercial and technical feasibility; the Group is able to use or sell the asset; the Group has
                        sufficient resources; and intent to complete the development and its costs can be measured reliably. Capitalised development costs are             Transfers                                                                         (25.6)                    25.6                        -
                        amortised when it is available for use in the manner intended by management on a straight-line basis over the period of their expected             Amortisation expense                                                                   -                   (28.7)                (28.7)
                        benefit.

                        Patents and trademarks
                                                                                                                                                                           Balance at 30 June 2020                                                           132.0                    344.4                 476.4
                        Significant costs associated with patents and trademarks are deferred and amortised on a straight-line basis over the period of their              Additions                                                                          66.9                    190.7                 257.6
                        expected benefit.
                                                                                                                                                                           Disposals                                                                          (2.4)                        -                  (2.4)
                        Access rights
                                                                                                                                                                           Reassessment of rehabilitation                                                         -                    65.9                   65.9
                        Access rights acquired as part of a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill. The rights are carried at their fair
                                                                                                                                                                           Transfers                                                                         (33.0)                    33.0                        -
                        value at the date of acquisition less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated based on the timing of
                        projected cash flows of the access rights over their estimated useful lives.                                                                       Amortisation expense                                                                   -                   (71.7)                (71.7)

                        Other Intangibles
                                                                                                                                                                           Balance at 30 June 2021                                                           163.5                    562.3                 725.8
                        Other Intangible assets are carried at cost and amortisation is calculated based on their useful life.




                        127 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 128
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        16. EXPLORATION AND MINE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)                          Depreciation is charged using the units-of-production method,            16. EXPLORATION AND MINE DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  with separate calculations being made for each area of interest.
                                                                                                                                                                           “component” of the ore body is expected to be constant throughout its estimated life. A “component” is a specific section of the orebody
                        Accounting policy for exploration and mine development                    The units-of-production basis results in a depreciation charge
                                                                                                                                                                           that is made more accessible by the stripping activity. It will typically be a subset of the larger orebody that is distinguished by a separate




For personal use only
                        assets                                                                    proportional to the depletion of estimated total ore to be mined.
                                                                                                  These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions,         useful economic life.
                        Exploration and evaluation assets                                         including the amount of recoverable reserves and estimates of            When the ratio of waste to ore is not expected to be constant, production stripping costs are accounted for as follows:
                        Exploration and evaluation expenditure in relation to separate areas      future capital expenditure. The Group adopts a Run of Mine (ROM)
                        of interest for which rights of tenure are current is carried forward     tonnes of ore produced methodology.                                      (i)	All costs are initially charged to profit or loss and classified as operation costs.
                        as an asset in the balance sheet where it is expected that the            Development properties are tested for impairment in accordance           (ii)	When the current ratio of waste to ore is greater than the estimated life-of-component strip ratio, a portion of the stripping costs
                        expenditure will be recovered through the successful development          with the policy on impairment of assets.                                         (inclusive of an allocation of relevant overhead expenditure) is capitalised to mine development as a stripping activity asset.
                        and exploitation of an area of interest, or by its sale; or exploration
                        activities are continuing in an area and activities have not reached                                                                               (iii)	The amount of production stripping costs capitalised or charged in a financial year is determined so that the stripping expense for
                        a stage which permits a reasonable estimate of the existence or             Key estimate: Ore reserve and mineral resources                                the financial year reflects the estimated life-of-component strip ratio. The stripping activity asset is amortised on a units-of-production
                        otherwise of economically recoverable ore reserves.                                                                                                        method over the life of the component, unless another method is more appropriate.
                                                                                                    Ore reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can
                                                                                                    be economically and legally extracted from the Group’s current         Life-of-component strip ratios are based on estimates of ore reserves and mineral resources and the latest approved mine plan; they are a
                           Key judgement: Exploration and evaluation costs                          mining tenements. The Group estimates its ore reserves based           function of the mine design and therefore changes to that design will generally result in changes to the ratios. Changes to the estimated
                                                                                                    on information compiled by appropriately qualified persons             life-of-mine ratio are accounted for prospectively from the date of the change.
                           Key judgements are applied in considering costs to be
                                                                                                    able to interpret the geological data. The estimation of
                           capitalised which includes determining expenditures directly
                                                                                                    recoverable ore reserves is based on factors such as estimates
                           related to these activities and allocating overheads between                                                                                    17. IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                    of foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, future capital
                           those that are expensed and capitalised. In addition, costs are
                                                                                                    requirements, and production costs, along with geological
                           capitalised only if expected to be recovered either through
                                                                                                    assumptions and judgements made in estimating the size and                                                                        Pre-tax        Taxation      Net amount        Pre-tax         Taxation      Net amount
                           successful development or sale of the relevant mining
                                                                                                    grade of the ore body.
                           interest. Factors that could impact the future commercial                                                                                                                                                   2021            2021            2021           2020            2020             2020
                                                                                                                                                                           Group
                           production at the mine include the level of ore reserves                 Changes in the ore reserve or mineral resource estimates may                                                                        $m              $m              $m             $m              $m               $m
                           and mineral resources, future technology changes, which                  impact on the value of exploration and evaluation assets,              Mining Services                                            (14.4)             4.3           (10.1)         (139.4)           41.8           (97.6)
                           could impact the cost of mining, future legal changes and                mine properties, property plant and equipment, provision for
                           changes in commodity prices. To the extent that capitalised                                                                                     Commodities                                                 (5.2)             1.6            (3.6)         (109.1)           32.8           (76.3)
                                                                                                    rehabilitation and depreciation and amortisation charges.
                           costs are determined not to be recoverable in the future,                                                                                       Central                                                    (26.9)             8.1           (18.8)          (37.3)           11.2           (26.1)
                           the expenditure incurred in relation to the project or an
                                                                                                  Stripping (waste removal) costs                                          Total impairment charge                                    (46.5)            14.0           (32.5)         (285.8)           85.8          (200.0)
                           area of interest will be written off in the period in which this
                           determination is made.                                                 As part of its mining operations, the Group incurs stripping
                                                                                                  costs both during the development phase and production phase             Impairment testing
                                                                                                  of its operations.                                                       The Group tests non-financial assets for impairment:
                        Mine development
                                                                                                  Development stripping costs arise from the removal of overburden         •	At least annually for indefinite life intangibles and goodwill; and
                        Development expenditure incurred by or on behalf of the Group is          and other mine waste materials removed during the development            • Where there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
                        accumulated separately for each area of interest in which mineral         of a mine site in order to access the mineral deposit. Costs directly
                        resources have been identified. Such expenditure comprises cost                                                                                    If the asset does not generate independent cash inflows and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value, the asset is tested
                                                                                                  attributable to development stripping activities, inclusive of an
                        directly attributable to the construction of a mine and the related                                                                                for impairment as part of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which it belongs. The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on
                                                                                                  allocation of relevant overhead expenditure, are initially capitalised
                        infrastructure.                                                                                                                                    the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal (FVLCD) and value- in-use (VIU).
                                                                                                  to exploration and evaluation expenditure. Capitalisation of
                                                                                                  development stripping costs ceases at the time that saleable             An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        Once a development decision has been taken, the carrying amount
                        of the exploration and evaluation expenditure in respect of the area      material begins to be extracted from the mine. On completion of
                        of interest is aggregated with the development expenditure and            development, all capitalised development stripping included in
                        classified under non-current assets as development properties.            exploration and evaluation is transferred to mine development.

                        A development property is reclassified as a mining property at the        Production stripping commences at the time that saleable
                        end of the commissioning phase, when the mine is capable                  materials begin to be extracted from the mine and, under normal
                        of operating in the manner intended by management.                        circumstances, continue throughout the life of the mine. Costs of
                                                                                                  production stripping are charged to the profit or loss as operating
                                                                                                  costs when the ratio of waste material to ore extracted for a




                        129 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                      MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 130
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        17. IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)                                                                                             17. IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                                                       Previously recognised impairment - FY20
                          Key assumptions: Assumptions used in the impairment assessments of non-financial assets




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                       In the previous financial year, an impairment expense of $285.8 million represented the write-down of various classes of assets, being:
                          In determining the recoverable amount of assets, key assumptions and estimates are used that require significant levels of judgement
                          and are subject to risk and uncertainty that are beyond the control of the Group, including political risk, climate risk, and other global   •	$71.2 million of capitalised exploration and mine development expenditure associated with the tenements in the Yilgarn region.
                          uncertainty risks, such as the impact of COVID-19.                                                                                               Following a reassessment during the year of the Group’s future iron ore operating plans in the Yilgarn region, the Group updated
                                                                                                                                                                           its Yilgarn Iron Ore Strategy which it announced to the ASX on 20 November 2019. The Yilgarn Iron Ore Strategy no longer places
                          Key assumptions contained in the cash flow projections for FVLCD and VIU models include:
                                                                                                                                                                           dependency on the need to mine at several deposits in which the Group had previously conducted significant exploration and
                            Estimates of future production, operating costs, capital expenditure, and rehabilitation:
                          •	                                                                                                                                              development work. As a result, an impairment charge was recorded to fully write-off associated accumulated exploration and mine
                            The estimation of the future production driving the cash flow projections is based on a detailed data analysis that reflects current           development expenditure;
                            life of mine and long-term production plans. As each area of interest has specific economic characteristics, the cash flows applied
                                                                                                                                                                       •	$145.4 million of various idle plant and equipment was impaired to reflect a change in management’s future operational plans which
                            have been calculated using appropriate models and key assumptions established by management;
                                                                                                                                                                          no longer required utilisation of these assets; $22.5 million of this related to infrastructure associated with the Yilgarn tenements
                            Future commodity prices:
                          •	                                                                                                                                             noted above;
                            Commodity prices are estimated with reference to externally sourced, forward consensus prices, adjusted for ore properties;
                                                                                                                                                                       •	$15.4 million of ore stockpiles and $3.6 million of other inventory impaired to net realisable value; and
                            Future foreign exchange rates:
                          •	
                                                                                                                                                                       •	$50.0 million of capitalised development costs to align recovery expectations with current carrying values.
                            Exchange rates are estimated with reference to externally sourced forward consensus rates;
                            Discount rates:
                          •	
                          	The cash flows are discounted using a real pre-tax discount rate of 8.3%, representing the target weighted average cost of capital         18. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                            for the Group, with appropriate adjustments made to reflect the risks specific to the cash generating unit;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group
                            Terminal values:
                          •	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2021                         2020
                            The terminal value calculation used in VIU models incorporates a nominal growth rate of 2.0% based on industry research and                                                                                                                    $m                           $m
                            long-term inflation rates.                                                                                                                 Current liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                       Trade payables and accruals                                                                        557.3                        305.9

                        Recognised impairment – FY21                                                                                                                   Contract liabilities (note 4(b))                                                                    24.5                         13.2

                        Assets are firstly assessed for impairment at the individual level. For the current financial year, this resulted in a pre-tax total of                                                                                                           581.8                        319.1
                        $46.5 million of impairments recognised in relation to various classes of assets, being:
                                                                                                                                                                       Refer to note 24 for further information on financial instruments.
                        • 	$24.1 million of capitalised development costs and associated intellectual property were impaired to align carrying values with future
                             recovery expectations.
                        •	$22.4 million of various idle plant and equipment and inventory were impaired to reflect a change in management’s future operational
                           plans which no longer required utilisation of these assets.
                        The Group considered assets which are assessed for impairment at the CGU level, with these assessments net of impairments summarised
                        above. There was no resulting impairment charge for the year ended 30 June 2021 at the CGU level. There was no reversal of previous
                        impairments recorded.




                        131 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                             MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 132
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        19. BORROWINGS                                                                                                                                   20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

                                                                                                                                          Group                                                                                                                                               Group




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                2021                    2020                                                                                                              2021                           2020
                                                                                                                                 $m                      $m                                                                                                                $m                             $m
                        Current                                                                                                                                          Current

                        Other borrowings                                                                                          26.4                     1.2           Employee benefits                                                                                 69.4                          53.4

                        Lease liability                                                                                          130.9                    99.3           Accounting policy for employee benefits
                                                                                                                                 157.3                   100.5           Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and long service leave expected to be settled wholly
                                                                                                                                                                         within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                        Non-current                                                                                                                                      The current provision includes amounts for vested long service leave for which the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer
                                                                                                                                                                         settlement, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur. However, based on past experience, the Group does not expect
                        Senior unsecured notes (i)                                                                               931.1                 1,020.0
                                                                                                                                                                         all employees to take the full amount of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months.
                        Less: capitalised transaction costs                                                                      (10.9)                  (13.3)
                        Lease liability                                                                                          184.4                   183.5           21. PROVISIONS
                                                                                                                                1,104.6                1,190.2                                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021                    2020
                        (i) US$700 million senior unsecured notes offering due 2027, at an interest rate of 8.125% per annum.                                                                                                                                                      $m                      $m
                                                                                                                                                                         Current
                        Refer to note 24 for further information on financial instruments.                                                                               Project closure                                                                                            7.1                    10.8
                        Accounting policy for borrowings                                                                                                                 Site rehabilitation                                                                                        1.4                    17.2
                                                                                                                                                                         Other                                                                                                      0.7                     1.5
                        Loans and borrowings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        9.2                    29.5
                        Loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, net of transaction costs. They are subsequently
                        measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.                                                                                  Non-current
                        Where there is an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date, the loans or         Project closure                                                                                           15.2                     9.3
                        borrowings are classified as non-current.
                                                                                                                                                                         Site rehabilitation                                                                                      179.9                    89.0
                        Lease liability                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           195.1                    98.3
                        A lease liability is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the     Movements in provisions
                        lease payments to be made over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be
                        readily determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments are comprised of fixed payments less any lease incentives             Movements in each class of provision during the current financial year, other than employee benefits, are set out below:
                        receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Project                Site
                        exercise price of a purchase option when the exercise of the option is reasonably certain to occur, and any anticipated termination                                                                                                closure            rehabilitation              Other
                        penalties. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
                                                                                                                                                                         Group - 2021                                                                        $m                     $m                      $m
                        Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying amounts are remeasured if there is a
                        change in the following: future lease payments arising from a change in an index or a rate used; residual guarantee; lease term; certainty of    Carrying amount at the start of the year                                           20.0                   106.3                    1.5
                        a purchase option and termination penalties. When a lease liability is remeasured, an adjustment is made to the corresponding right-of use       Additional provisions recognised                                                    9.0                    74.8                    0.2
                        asset, or to profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is fully written down.                                              Amounts used                                                                       (3.7)                   (0.5)                       -
                        The lease liabilities are effectively secured as the rights to the leased assets, recognised in the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and     Unused provisions reversed                                                         (3.0)                         -                (1.0)
                        revert to the lessor in the event of default.                                                                                                    Unwinding of discount                                                                  -                    0.7                        -
                                                                                                                                                                         Carrying amount at the end of the year                                             22.3                   181.3                    0.7




                        133 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                             MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 134
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        21. PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                          22. ISSUED CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

                        Accounting policy for provisions                                                                                                                    Movements in issued capital




For personal use only
                        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present (legal or constructive) obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable                                                                                                 Ordinary                 Less:
                        the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                                                                            Details                                                                            shares             Treasury shares            Number
                        recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date, taking                                                                                           Number                 Number
                        into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. If the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a      Balance at 1 July 2019                                                          188,098,571               (795,359)            187,303,212
                        current pre-tax rate specific to the liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
                                                                                                                                                                            Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                      371,259                         -              371,259

                          Key estimate: Site rehabilitation provisions                                                                                                      Employee share awards issued                                                                -               96,748                  96,748

                          In accordance with the Group’s legal requirements, provision is made for the anticipated costs of future restoration and rehabilitation
                          of areas from which natural resources have been extracted. The provision includes costs associated with dismantling of assets,                    Balance at 30 June 2020                                                         188,469,830               (698,611)            187,771,219
                          reclamation, plant closure, waste site closure, monitoring, demolition and decontamination. The provision is based upon current costs
                          and has been determined on a discounted basis with reference to current legal requirements and current technology.                                Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                      266,152                         -              266,152
                                                                                                                                                                            Purchase of shares under employee share plans                                               -             (449,293)               (449,293)
                          Each period the impact of unwinding of the discount is recognised in the income statement as a financing cost. Any change in the
                          restoration provision is recorded against the carrying value of the provision and the related asset, only to the extent that it is probable       Employee share awards issued                                                                -              613,322                 613,322
                          that future economic benefits associated with the restoration expenditure will flow to the entity, with the effect being recognised in the
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2021                                                         188,735,982               (534,582)            188,201,400
                          income statement on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the relevant operation. The restoration provision is separated into
                          current (estimated costs arising within 12 months) and non-current components based on the expected timing of these cash flows.
                          Key estimate: Project closure                                                                                                                                                                                                       Ordinary                 Less:                   Total
                                                                                                                                                                            Details                                                                            shares             Treasury shares               $m
                          At the completion of some projects the Group has a liability for redundancy and the cost of relocating crushing and other mobile plant.                                                                                                $m                     $m
                          An assessment is undertaken on the probability that such expenses will be incurred in the normal course of business for contracting               Balance at 1 July 2019                                                              519.6                  (11.7)                  507.9
                          services and is provided for in the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                            Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                        5.4                       -                    5.4
                                                                                                                                                                            Employee share awards issued                                                          1.6                    1.4                     3.0
                        22. ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2020                                                             526.6                  (10.3)                  516.3
                                                                                                                                       Group
                                                                                                                                                                            Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                        9.2                       -                    9.2
                                                                                                           2021             2020               2021          2020           Purchase of shares under employee share plans                                           -                  (20.2)                  (20.2)
                                                                                                          Shares           Shares               $m            $m
                        Ordinary shares                                                                188,735,982      188,469,830            535.9          526.6         Employee share awards issued                                                          0.1                    9.1                     9.2

                        Less: Treasury Shares (Employee Share Plans)                                      (534,582)        (698,611)           (21.4)         (10.3)        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                             535.9                  (21.4)                  514.5

                                                                                                       188,201,400      187,771,219            514.5          516.3
                                                                                                                                                                            On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share shall have
                                                                                                                                                                            one vote.
                                                                                                                                                                            Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
                                                                                                                                                                            Treasury shares
                                                                                                                                                                            Movements in treasury shares represent acquisition of the Company’s shares on market and allocation of shares to the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                            employees from the vesting of awards and exercise of rights under the employee share-based payment plans.




                        135 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 136
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        23. DIVIDENDS                                                                                                                                  24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        Dividends
                                                                                                                                                                       The gearing ratio at the reporting date was as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     2021                      2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                               Dividend                 Dividend
                                                                                                                            Total                             Total                                                                                                            2021                         2020
                                                                                                               per share                per share
                                                                                                                             $m                                $m                                                                                                               $m                           $m
                                                                                                                Cents                    Cents
                        Declared and paid during the year                                                                                                              Current liabilities - borrowings (note 19)                                                              157.3                        100.5

                        Final franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2020 (2019: 30 June 2019)             77.00       145.2         31.00                58.1    Non-current liabilities - borrowings (note 19)                                                        1,104.6                       1,190.2

                        Interim franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020: 30 June 2020)          100.00       188.6         23.00                43.4    Total borrowings                                                                                      1,261.9                       1,290.7

                                                                                                               177.00       333.8         54.00               101.5    Current assets - cash and cash equivalents (note 9)                                                  (1,542.1)                    (1,521.8)

                        Proposed                                                                                                                                       Cash and cash equivalents, net of debt                                                                 (280.2)                      (231.1)

                        Final franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020: 30 June 2020)            175.00       329.4         77.00               144.6    Total equity                                                                                          3,246.1                       2,295.6
                                                                                                                                                                       Total capital                                                                                         2,965.9                       2,064.5
                        Franking credits
                                                                                                                                       Group                           Gearing ratio                                                                                            (9%)                        (11%)
                                                                                                                            2021                      2020
                                                                                                                             $m                        $m              (b) Financial risk management objectives
                        Franking credits available for subsequent financial years based on a tax rate of 30%                903.0                     716.0            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, price risk and interest rate risk),
                                                                                                                                                                       credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks
                        The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for franking credits that will   to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as
                        arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax at the reporting date.                                                    forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge certain risk exposures.
                                                                                                                                                                       Derivatives are exclusively used for hedging purposes, i.e. not as trading or other speculative instruments. The Group uses different
                        24.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                                                                                                     methods to measure different types of risk to which it is exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate,
                                                                                                                                                                       foreign exchange and other price risks, ageing analysis for credit risk and beta analysis in respect of investment portfolios to determine
                        (a) Capital risk management                                                                                                                    market risk.
                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can provide returns for   Risk management is carried out by senior finance executives (‘finance’) under policies approved by the Board of Directors (‘the Board’).
                        shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimum capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.                   These policies include identification and analysis of the risk exposure of the Group and appropriate procedures, controls and risk limits.
                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to     Finance identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks within the Group’s operating units. Finance reports to the Board on a monthly basis.
                        shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
                                                                                                                                                                       (c) Market risk
                        The Group may look to raise capital when an opportunity to invest in a business or company is seen as value adding relative to the current
                        Company’s share price at the time of the investment. The Group is actively pursuing additional investments in the short term as it continues   Foreign currency risk
                        to integrate and grow its existing businesses in order to maximise synergies.
                                                                                                                                                                       The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign currency risk through foreign
                        The Group is subject to certain financing arrangement covenants and meeting these is given priority in all capital risk management             exchange rate fluctuations.
                        decisions. There have been no events of default on financing arrangement covenants during the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                                       Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets and financial liabilities denominated in a
                        The capital risk management policy remains unchanged from the prior year.                                                                      currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The risk is measured using sensitivity analysis and cash flow forecasting.
                                                                                                                                                                       The Group enters into forward exchange contracts to buy and sell specified amounts of foreign currencies in the future at stipulated
                                                                                                                                                                       exchange rates. The objective in entering the forward exchange contracts is to protect the Group against unfavourable exchange rate
                                                                                                                                                                       movements for both the contracted and anticipated future sales undertaken in foreign currencies. Certain of these foreign exchange
                                                                                                                                                                       forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments, detailed in note 25(g).




                        137 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 138
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                   24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

                        The carrying amount of the Group’s foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities at the reporting date                        As at the reporting date, the Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its variable rate financial instruments as follows:




For personal use only
                        were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2021                           2020
                                                                                                                Assets                                 Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted                       Weighted         Balance
                                                                                                     2021                   2020              2021                   2020                                                                                                average          Balance       average            $m
                        Group                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          interest rate        $m        interest rate
                                                                                                      $m                     $m                $m                     $m
                                                                                                                                                                                Group                                                                                       %                              %
                        USD denominated                                                              681.7                  654.2            1,211.2                 1,038.4
                                                                                                                                                                                Cash at bank and on hand                                                                  0.210%          1,327.6        0.880%          1,184.9
                                                                                                                                                                                Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                              1,327.6                        1,184.9
                        The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of these foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities to a
                        weakening/strengthening in the Australian dollar, with all other variables held constant. The impact on the Group’s profit before tax is due
                        to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities including non-designated foreign currency derivatives. The impact on the                An analysis by remaining contractual maturities is shown in ‘liquidity risk’ note 24(e) below.
                        Group’s pre-tax equity is due to changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges.
                                                                                                                                                                                The Group has considered sensitivity relating to exposure to interest rate risk at reporting date. An official increase/decrease in interest
                                                                                                                2021                                    2020                    rate of 100 (2020: 100) basis points would have a favourable/adverse effect on the profit before tax of $13.3 million (2020: $11.8 million) per
                                                                                  AUD
                                                                                                                                                                                annum.
                                                                                               Profit before           Equity           Profit before tax         Equity
                                                                             strengthened/
                                                                               (weakened)    tax higher/(lower)    higher/(lower)        higher/(lower)       higher/(lower)    (d) Credit risk
                                                                                                    $m                  $m                     $m                  $m
                                                                                   %
                                                                                                                                                                                Nature of the risk
                        USD denominated                                          5%                 25.2                    25.2              18.3                    18.5
                                                                                                                                                                                Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. The
                        USD denominated                                          -5%               (27.9)                  (27.9)            (20.2)                  (20.4)     Group’s exposure to financial position credit risk are as indicated by the carrying amounts of its financial assets, primarily from customer
                                                                                                                                                                                receivables from operating activities and deposits with financial instruments from financing activities. The Group does not have a significant
                        Commodity price risk                                                                                                                                    exposure to any individual counterparty.

                        The Group is exposed to commodity price risk which arises from the Group’s sale of iron ore, lithium direct ship ore (DSO) and lithium                  Credit risk management: trade receivables and contract assets
                        spodumene concentrate at contracted and/or spot prices.                                                                                                 The Group has adopted a lifetime expected loss allowance in estimating expected credit losses to trade receivables through the use of a
                                                                                                                                                                                provisions matrix using fixed rates of credit loss provisioning. These provisions are considered representative across all customers of the
                                                                                                                                                                                Group based on recent sales experience, historical collection rates and available forward-looking information.
                                                                                                                2021                                     2020
                                                                                                                                                                                The Group has a strict policy for extending credit to customers, including obtaining agency credit information, confirming references
                                                                              Change in        Profit before               Equity       Profit before tax          Equity       and setting appropriate credit limits. The Group obtains guarantees where appropriate to mitigate credit risk and obtains letters of
                                                                                price        tax higher/lower          higher/(lower)    higher/(lower)        higher/(lower)
                                                                                 %                  $m                      $m                 $m                   $m          credit to mitigate credit risk for commodity sales. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to trade receivables and
                                                                                                                                                                                contract assets is the carrying amount, net of any allowances for credit losses, as disclosed in the balance sheet and notes to the financial
                        Iron Ore                                               +/- 10%              305.7                  305.7              155.5                   155.5     statements. The Group does not hold any collateral.
                        Lithium DSO                                            +/- 10%                      -                       -           0.9                     0.9     Generally, trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators of this include the failure of a
                        Lithium Spodumene                                      +/- 10%               13.0                    13.0              12.2                    12.2     debtor to engage in a repayment plan, no active enforcement activity and a failure to make contractual payments for a period greater than
                                                                                                                                                                                1 year.
                        Equity price risk                                                                                                                                       In monitoring customer credit risk, customers are grouped according to their credit characteristics and counterparty type, including
                                                                                                                                                                                whether they arise from commodity sales, crushing and processing services or construction contracts, and the existence of previous
                        The Group’s investment in listed equity securities are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future values of the
                                                                                                                                                                                financial difficulties.
                        investment securities. The Board reviews and approves all equity investment decisions.
                                                                                                                                                                                The Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables and contract assets by counterparty type as at the reporting date was as follows.
                        At the reporting date, the Group’s exposure to listed equity securities at fair value was $296.1 million (2020: $42.3 million). A decrease
                        of 10% (2020: 10%) on the share prices could have an impact of approximately $29.6 million (2020: $4.2 million) on the profit or loss
                        attributable to the Group.
                        Interest rate risk
                        The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s financial instruments that have variable
                        interest rates.




                        139 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 140
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                          24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                                                       Financing arrangements




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                         Group
                                                                                                                                                                       Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:
                                                                                                                            2021                        2020
                                                                                                                             $m                          $m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Group
                        Commodity sale customers                                                                           104.5                        33.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2021                         2020
                        Crushing and processing services customers                                                           73.0                       51.5                                                                                                           $m                           $m
                        Other mining services                                                                                55.7                       47.7           Total facilities

                        Other                                                                                                64.3                       43.0               Bank overdraft                                                                              4.0                           4.0

                                                                                                                           297.5                       175.9               Syndicated loan facility                                                                  250.0                         250.0
                                                                                                                                                                           Senior unsecured notes                                                                    931.1                       1,020.0
                        The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure the ECLs of trade receivables based on shared credit risk characteristics and days                   Lease liability                                                                           350.0                         250.0
                        past due. At 30 June 2021, the Group had $46.9 million (2020: $14.6 million) of trade receivables past due. These past due receivables             Other borrowings                                                                           21.0                          21.0
                        substantially relate to customers for whom there is no history of default. On this basis, the resulting allowance for credit losses on trade
                        receivables is not material.                                                                                                                       Bank guarantee                                                                             40.0                          40.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1,596.1                       1,585.0
                        At 30 June 2021, the carrying amount of receivables and contract assets for the Group’s three major customers (commodity sale customers)
                        (2020: two commodity sale customers) totalled $152.2 million (2020: $4.3 million).
                        The Group has no customers who are credit-impaired at the reporting date.                                                                      Used at the reporting date
                                                                                                                                                                           Bank overdraft                                                                                 -                            -
                        Credit risk management: cash deposits and derivatives
                                                                                                                                                                           Syndicated loan facility                                                                       -                            -
                        The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited as the counterparties are Australian banks with high
                        credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.                                                                                   Senior unsecured notes                                                                    931.1                       1,020.0
                                                                                                                                                                           Lease liability                                                                           311.1                         243.8
                        Credit risk management: loan receivables and other financial assets
                                                                                                                                                                           Other borrowings                                                                            1.3                           1.2
                        Lending to external parties may be provided; secured by acceptable collateral as defined in the Group credit policy and business unit
                        procedures. The Group restricts its dealings to counterparties that have acceptable credit ratings. Should the rating of a counterparty            Bank guarantee                                                                             21.6                          33.9
                        fall below certain levels, Group policy dictates that approval by the Board is required to maintain the level of the counterparty exposure.                                                                                                1,265.1                       1,298.9
                        Alternatively, management may consider closing out positions with the counterparty or novating open positions to another counterparty
                        with acceptable credit ratings.
                                                                                                                                                                       Unused at the reporting date
                        Credit risk management: financial guarantees given to banks
                                                                                                                                                                           Bank overdraft                                                                              4.0                           4.0
                        There is also exposure to credit risk when the Group provides a guarantee to another party. The Group’s maximum exposure in this
                                                                                                                                                                           Syndicated loan facility                                                                  250.0                         250.0
                        respect is the maximum amount the Group would have to pay if the guarantee is called upon. Details of contingent liabilities are
                        disclosed in note 25.                                                                                                                              Senior unsecured notes                                                                         -                            -
                                                                                                                                                                           Lease liability                                                                            38.9                           6.2
                        (e) Liquidity risk
                                                                                                                                                                           Other borrowings                                                                           19.7                          19.8
                        Vigilant liquidity risk management requires the Group to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available
                        borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when they become due and payable.                                                              Bank guarantee                                                                             18.4                           6.1

                        The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities by continuously monitoring                                                                                                         331.0                         286.1
                        actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




                        141 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                         MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 142
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                            24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

                        The bank overdraft facilities may be drawn at any time and may be terminated by the bank without notice.                                         (f) Fair value of financial instruments




For personal use only
                        Remaining contractual maturities                                                                                                                 Fair value hierarchy
                        The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities. The tables have been drawn up   The following tables detail the Group’s assets and liabilities, measured or disclosed at fair value, using a three level hierarchy, based on the
                        based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the financial liabilities are required to be   lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement, being:
                        paid. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities and therefore these totals may     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date
                        differ from their carrying amount in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                                                                                         Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly
                                                                                                                                                       Remaining         Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability
                                                            Weighted average     1 year          Between 1         Between 2           Over 5          contractual
                                                              interest rate      or less         and 2 years       and 5 years         years            maturities
                        Group - 2021                                 %             $m                $m                $m                $m                   $m                                                                                             Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $m               $m               $m                $m
                        Non-derivatives
                        Non-interest bearing                                                                                                                             Group - 2021
                                                                                                                                                                         Assets
                        Trade payables                                   -        506.8                   -                 -                 -              506.8       Financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss:
                                                                                                                                                                         - Shares in listed corporations                                                      296.1           -                      -            296.1
                        Interest-bearing - fixed rate
                                                                                                                                                                         - Deferred consideration receivable from sale of disposal group                           -          -                 606.1             606.1
                        Senior unsecured notes                   8.125%                 -                 -                 -           931.1                931.1
                                                                                                                                                                         Total assets                                                                         296.1           -                 606.1             902.2
                        Lease liability                          2.760%           130.9              95.4              88.9                0.1               315.3
                        Other                                    0.850%             1.3                   -                 -                 -                 1.3      Liabilities
                        Total non-derivatives                                     639.0              95.4              88.9             931.2               1,754.5
                                                                                                                                                                         Other liabilities: Foreign exchange forward contracts in cash flow hedges             (0.3)          -                      -             (0.3)
                                                                                                                                                                         Total liabilities                                                                     (0.3)          -                      -             (0.3)
                                                                                                                                                       Remaining
                                                            Weighted average     1 year          Between 1         Between 2           Over 5          contractual
                                                              interest rate      or less         and 2 years       and 5 years         years            maturities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                        Group - 2020                                 %             $m                $m                $m                $m                   $m                                                                                               $m               $m               $m                $m
                        Non-derivatives                                                                                                                                  Group - 2020
                        Non-interest bearing                                                                                                                             Assets
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss:
                        Trade payables                                   -        319.1                   -                 -                 -              319.1
                                                                                                                                                                         - Shares in listed corporations                                                       42.3           -                      -             42.3
                                                                                                                                                                         - Deferred consideration receivable from sale of disposal group                           -          -                 606.1             606.1
                        Interest-bearing - fixed rate
                                                                                                                                                                         Total assets                                                                          42.3           -                 606.1             648.4
                        Senior unsecured notes                   8.125%                 -                 -                 -          1,020.0              1,020.0
                        Lease liability                          3.616%            99.3              89.9              72.7              20.9                282.8
                                                                                                                                                                         Liabilities
                        Other                                    1.030%             1.2                   -                 -                 -                 1.2
                                                                                                                                                                         Other liabilities: Foreign exchange forward contracts in cash flow hedges             (5.9)          -                      -             (5.9)
                        Total non-derivatives                                     419.6              89.9              72.7            1,040.9              1,623.1
                                                                                                                                                                         Total liabilities                                                                     (5.9)          -                      -             (5.9)
                        The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur significantly earlier than contractually disclosed above.
                                                                                                                                                                         Unless otherwise stated the carrying amount of financial instruments reflect their fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                         The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables and trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values due to
                                                                                                                                                                         their short-term nature.




                        143 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 144
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        24. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                25. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

                        Valuation techniques for fair value measurements categorised within level 3                                                                          The status of the matter is still preliminary and legal costs or potential claims are only possible, not probable, and cannot be reliably




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                             estimated as at the date of this report. Accordingly, no provision for liability has been made in these financial statements.
                        The basis of the valuation of deferred consideration receivable is fair value. The Group obtained an independent valuation of the
                        deferred consideration measured at fair value, arising from the sale of Wodgina on 1 November 2019. The main level 3 inputs used in the              (c) Iron Valley haul road claim
                        independent valuation were derived and evaluated as follows:                                                                                         On 25 November 2020, FMG commenced legal proceedings against the Group alleging that the access deed, executed between FMG
                        •	Discount rate, assumed fixed tolling charges per annum per feed tonne capacity, assumed variable tolling charges per                              and MRL on 30 August 2012 for the road which is used to haul iron ore from the Group’s Iron Valley project has expired. FMG alleges that
                            wet metric tonne feed.                                                                                                                           Group must stop using the haul road and must remove the road and surrender its miscellaneous licences over the area. The Group is
                                                                                                                                                                             defending the claim.
                        •	Considered against the value implied by the Wodgina sale consideration for the arms-length transaction that completed on
                            1 November 2019.                                                                                                                                 The status of the matter is still preliminary and legal costs or potential claims or impacts of these proceedings are only possible, not
                        The Group assessed that there were no material changes at the end of the reporting period since initial recognition.                                 probable, and cannot be reliably estimated as at the date of this report. Accordingly, no provision for liability has been made in these
                                                                                                                                                                             financial statements.
                        Accounting policy for fair value measurement                                                                                                         (d) Claim for introduction of Reed Industrial Minerals Pty Ltd offtake partner and equity partner
                        When an asset or liability, financial or non-financial, is measured at fair value for recognition or disclosure purposes, the fair value is based    Reed Industrial Minerals Pty Ltd (RIM) is a joint operation in which the Group has a 50% interest. During the period, an individual and
                        on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at        a related company (the Claimants) lodged a claim in the Supreme Court against RIM’s previous equity owners Neometals Limited
                        the measurement date; and assumes that the transaction will take place either: in the principal market; or in the absence of a principal             (Neometals) and RIM (as a second defendant). The Claimants allege that agreements were reached in 2009 and 2015 which obliged
                        market, in the most advantageous market.                                                                                                             Neometals to pay fees to one of the Claimants for having introduced Neometals to RIM’s offtake partner and for introducing an equity
                        Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming they act               partner. The Claimants allege that RIM is also liable to pay the fee relating to the introduction of the offtake partner.
                        in their economic best interests. For non-financial assets, the fair value measurement is based on its highest and best use. Valuation               Based on the information provided by the Claimants to date, the Directors consider that it is not probable that material damages will be
                        techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, are used, maximising         awarded against RIM in respect of the claim. Accordingly, no provision for liability has been made in these financial statements.
                        the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
                                                                                                                                                                             There has been no other material change to contingent liabilities since the last annual report.
                        Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into three levels, using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the
                        inputs used in making the measurements. Classifications are reviewed at each reporting date and transfers between levels are determined              Bank guarantees
                        based on a reassessment of the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.                                              The Group has provided guarantee to third parties in relation to performance of contracts and against warranty obligations for a defects
                        For recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements, external valuers may be used when internal expertise is either not available or             liability period after completion of the work. Defects liability periods are usually from 12 to 18 months duration. Bank guarantees are issued
                        when the valuation is deemed to be significant. External valuers are selected based on market knowledge and reputation. Where there is a             as security for these obligations.
                        significant change in fair value of an asset or liability from one period to another, an analysis is undertaken, which includes a verification of
                        the major inputs applied in the latest valuation and a comparison, where applicable, with external sources of data.                                                                                                                                                     Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021                         2021
                        25. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $m                           $m
                        Legal claim contingency                                                                                                                              Bank guarantee facility                                                                              40.0                          40.0

                        (a) Subiaco lease for corporate headquarters                                                                                                         Amount utilised                                                                                     (21.6)                        (33.9)

                        In July 2020, the Group terminated the lease agreement for corporate headquarters in Subiaco. The parties have since been in dispute                 Unused facility                                                                                      18.4                           6.1
                        over the validity of the termination. Both parties have alleged that they have incurred damages in connection with the disputed lease and
                        the termination.
                        The status of the dispute is still preliminary and any potential award of damages against the Group is only possible, not probable, and
                        cannot be reliably estimated as at the date of this report. Accordingly, no additional provision for liability has been made in these financial
                        statements.
                        (b) Validity of Wonmunna mining leases
                        Fortescue Metals Group (ASX: FMG) (FMG) commenced legal proceedings against the Minister for Mines and Petroleum, the DMIRS
                        Registrar and Wonmunna Iron Ore Pty Ltd (an MRL subsidiary), seeking declarations that the Wonmunna mining leases (M47/1423,
                        M47/1424, M47/1425) are invalid. In its claim, FMG alleges that the Minister did not have jurisdiction to grant the mining leases in 2012 as
                        the applications for the mining leases in 2008 were not accompanied by mineralisation reports. Wonmunna Iron Ore Pty Ltd denies these
                        claims and is defending the action.




                        145 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 146
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        26. COMMITMENTS                                                                                                         27. PARENT ENTITY INFORMATION
                                                                                                                               Group            Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      2021             2020
                                                                                                                       $m               $m      Income statement

                        Capital commitments                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Parent
                        Commitments relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment contracted for at
                        reporting date and not recognised as liabilities, payable:                                                                                                                                                                 2021                        2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $m                          $m
                        - Within one year                                                                             215.8            167.4
                                                                                                                                                Profit after tax                                                                                2,060.3                         49.7
                        - Later than 1 year but no later than five years                                                9.5                 -
                                                                                                                                                Total comprehensive income                                                                      2,060.3                         49.7
                        Capital commitments relating to the Group’s interest in a joint operation contracted for at
                        reporting date and not recognised as liabilities, payable:                                                              Balance sheet
                        - Within one year                                                                                  -            27.4                                                                                                                    Parent
                        - Within one to five years                                                                         -             1.2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2021                        2020
                        Total capital commitment                                                                      225.3            196.0                                                                                                        $m                          $m

                                                                                                                                                Total current assets                                                                              1,413.6                     1,415.4
                        Lease commitments - finance                                                                                             Total assets                                                                                     10,975.7                     4,724.9
                        Committed at the reporting date and recognised as liabilities, payable:                                                 Total current liabilities                                                                          332.6                        514.8
                        Within one year                                                                               137.8            105.7    Total liabilities                                                                                 9,141.7                     4,620.9
                        One to five years                                                                             189.7            167.7
                        More than five years                                                                            0.1             20.8    Net assets                                                                                        1,834.0                       104.0
                        Total lease commitment                                                                        327.6            294.2
                        Less: Future finance charges                                                                  (12.3)           (11.4)   Equity
                        Net commitment recognised as liabilities                                                      315.3            282.8        Issued capital                                                                                 514.6                        516.4
                                                                                                                                                    Reserves                                                                                         14.2                         8.8
                                                                                                                                                    Retained profits/(accumulated losses)                                                         1,305.2                      (421.2)


                                                                                                                                                Total equity                                                                                      1,834.0                       104.0

                                                                                                                                                Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                The parent entity had no guarantees in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries as at 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 other than as obligor
                                                                                                                                                under its syndicated financing facilities.

                                                                                                                                                Contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                                The parent entity had no contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2021 (2020: $nil).

                                                                                                                                                Capital commitments - Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                The parent entity had no capital commitments for property, plant and equipment at as 30 June 2021 (2020: $nil).

                                                                                                                                                Significant accounting policies
                                                                                                                                                The accounting policies of the parent entity are consistent with those of the Group, as disclosed in note 1, except for the following:
                                                                                                                                                • Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost, less any impairment, in the parent entity
                                                                                                                                                • Investments in associates are accounted for at cost, less any impairment, in the parent entity
                                                                                                                                                • Dividends received from subsidiaries are recognised as other income by the parent entity



                        147 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 148
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        28. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS                                                                                                                        28. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

                        Business combinations in 2021                                                                                                                    Details of the business combination are as follows:




For personal use only
                        No business combination accounted for in 2021                                                                                                    Fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed                                     $m
                        Business combinations in 2020                                                                                                                    Assets
                        Acquisition of Resource Development Group Limited (RDG)                                                                                          Cash                                                                                                  11.1
                        On 17 June 2020, the Group acquired 1,897,587,201 fully paid ordinary shares of Resource Development Group Limited (ASX: RDG, RDG),              Receivables                                                                                            5.9
                        which equated to 75% of RDG’s total issued capital on a fully diluted basis (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was pursuant to an Asset Sale
                                                                                                                                                                         Inventories                                                                                            0.5
                        Agreement executed on 18 March 2020 for MRL to transfer a 100% interest in the Ant Hill and Sunday Hill manganese tenements to RDG
                        in return for MRL receiving RGD scrip, equivalent to a 75% shareholding in RDG.                                                                  Current tax asset                                                                                      0.1

                        The Acquisition results in the restructure of MRL’s non-core manganese assets, which are more relevant in scale to a company such as             Property, plant and equipment                                                                          9.3
                        RDG that can provide the necessary strategic and financial support for the development of these assets, allowing MRL’s core focus to             Exploration and mine development                                                                      14.8
                        increasingly be on assets that have significant scale and mine life and are able to deliver value for all shareholders.
                                                                                                                                                                         Deferred tax assets                                                                                    0.3
                        The Acquisition has been accounted for using the Acquisition Method set out in AASB 3 Business Combinations (AASB3). In accordance
                        with AASB 3, the acquirer is required to fair value all acquired assets and liabilities. The initial accounting for the acquisition of RDG has   Total assets                                                                                          42.0
                        been provisionally determined (as permitted by AASB3) due to the proximity of the acquisition to the reporting date. The provisional
                        determination will be reviewed and finalised within 12 months of the Acquisition, in accordance with AASB 3, should any new information
                                                                                                                                                                         Liabilities
                        obtained affect the fair values at the date of acquisition.
                                                                                                                                                                         Payables                                                                                              (4.6)
                                                                                                                                                                         Provisions                                                                                            (0.7)
                                                                                                                                                                         Borrowings - lease liabilities                                                                        (3.5)
                                                                                                                                                                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (0.9)
                                                                                                                                                                         Total liabilities                                                                                     (9.7)


                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired                                                        32.3


                                                                                                                                                                         Non-controlling interest in RDG measured at fair value                                              (13.3)
                                                                                                                                                                         Total consideration transferred                                                                     (14.8)


                                                                                                                                                                         Provisional gain on bargain purchase arising on acquisition                                            4.2


                                                                                                                                                                         Consideration satisfied by:
                                                                                                                                                                         - Manganese assets transferred                                                                        14.8
                                                                                                                                                                         Total consideration transferred                                                                       14.8




                        149 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                    MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 150
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        28. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                               28. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

                        Consideration transferred relates to the manganese assets and is not recognised at fair value, in accordance with AASB 3, as the                    Business combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis. The acquirer retrospectively adjusts the provisional amounts




For personal use only
                        manganese assets remain within the consolidated entity and MRL therefore retains control of the manganese assets. As a result, the                  recognised and also recognises additional assets or liabilities during the measurement period, based on new information obtained about
                        manganese assets continue to be measured at their carrying amount immediately before the acquisition date and no gain or loss is                    the facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition-date. The measurement period ends on either the earlier of (i) 12 months from
                        recognised before and after the business combination.                                                                                               the date of the acquisition or (ii) when the acquirer receives all the information possible to determine fair value.
                        A Gain on Bargain Purchase (as defined in AASB 3) arose in the business combination of RDG, as the fair value of the net assets of
                                                                                                                                                                            29. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
                        RDG that MRL obtained control over, by virtue of a 75% shareholding in RDG, exceeds the fair value of the non-controlling interest.
                                                                                                                                                                            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following material subsidiaries in accordance with
                        The gain on bargain purchase of $4.2 million has been recognised as Other Income in the income statement for the year ended
                                                                                                                                                                            the accounting policy described in note 1:
                        30 June 2020.
                        The fair value of the 25% non-controlling interest in RDG has been estimated with reference to the quoted market price of the shares at                                                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                        acquisition date.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021                     2020
                                                                                                                                                                            Name                                                                                      Country of incorporation              %                        %
                        Analysis of cash flows on acquisition:                                                                                            $m                Crushing Services International Pty Ltd                                                                Australia             100.00%                  100.00%

                        Net cash acquired with the subsidiary (included in cash flows from investing activities)                                          11.1              Mesa Minerals Limited                                                                                  Australia               59.40%                  59.40%
                                                                                                                                                                            PIHA Pty Ltd                                                                                           Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        Transaction costs relating to the acquisition were immaterial.
                                                                                                                                                                            Polaris Metals Pty Ltd                                                                                 Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        Given the proximity of the date of acquisition to the reporting date, RDG’s contributed revenue and profit to the combined entity between
                        the date of acquisition and the reporting date 30 June 2020 is immaterial.                                                                          Process Minerals International Pty Ltd                                                                 Australia             100.00%                  100.00%

                        If the acquisition of RDG had been completed on the first day of the financial year, Group revenues for the year would have been                    Auvex Resources Pty Ltd                                                                                Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        $28.8 million and Group profit after tax would have been $2.2 million higher.                                                                       Mineral Resources (Equipment) Pty Ltd                                                                  Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        Accounting policy for business combinations                                                                                                         MRL Asset Management Pty Ltd                                                                           Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations regardless of whether equity instruments or other                 MIS Carbonart Pty Ltd                                                                                  Australia             100.00%                   60.00%
                        assets are acquired.                                                                                                                                Mineral Resources Transport Pty Ltd                                                                    Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        The consideration transferred is the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued or liabilities    Wodgina Lithium Pty Ltd                                                                                Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        incurred by the acquirer to former owners of the acquiree and the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. For each business
                        combination, the non-controlling interest in the acquiree is measured at either fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s          Bulk Ore Shuttle Systems Pty Ltd                                                                       Australia               50.00%                  50.00%
                        identifiable net assets. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred to profit or loss.                                                          Energy Resources Ltd                                                                               New Zealand               100.00%                  100.00%
                        On the acquisition of a business, the Group assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification           Cattamarra Farms Pty Ltd                                                                               Australia               90.00%                  90.00%
                        and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic conditions, the Group’s operating or accounting policies and other
                                                                                                                                                                            Yilgarn Iron Pty Ltd                                                                                   Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        pertinent conditions in existence at the acquisition-date.
                                                                                                                                                                            Iron Resources Pty Ltd                                                                                 Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        Where the business combination is achieved in stages, the Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at the
                        acquisition-date fair value and the difference between the fair value and the previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss.             Kumina Iron Pty Ltd                                                                                    Australia             100.00%                  100.00%

                        Contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at the acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent changes in the fair         Mineral Resources Rail Pty Ltd                                                                         Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        value of the contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration classified as   MinRes Health Pty Ltd                                                                                  Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
                                                                                                                                                                            Bungaroo South Pty Ltd                                                                                 Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        The difference between the acquisition-date fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the
                                                                                                                                                                            Buckland Minerals Transport Pty Ltd                                                                    Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        acquiree and the fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of any pre-existing investment in the acquiree is
                        recognised as goodwill. If the consideration transferred and the pre-existing fair value is less than the fair value of the identifiable net        Cape Preston Logistics Pty Ltd                                                                         Australia             100.00%                  100.00%
                        assets acquired, being a bargain purchase to the acquirer, the difference is recognised as a gain directly in profit or loss by the acquirer on
                                                                                                                                                                            Resource Development Group Limited*                                                                    Australia               65.77%                  75.00%
                        the acquisition-date, but only after a reassessment of the identification and measurement of the net assets acquired, the non-controlling
                        interest in the acquiree, if any, the consideration transferred and the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquirer.                 Wonmunna Iron Ore Pty Ltd***                                                                           Australia             100.00%                           -
                                                                                                                                                                            MinRes Properties Pty Ltd**                                                                            Australia             100.00%                           -
                                                                                                                                                                            *On 1 February 2021, RDG issued shares resulting in a decrease in MRL’s ownership interest to 65.77%
                                                                                                                                                                            **Entity incorporated during the year
                                                                                                                                                                            ***Entity acquired during the year




                        151 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 152
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        30. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES                                                                                                                                                                   30. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                                                                  Group                               Details of the investment entity are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                2021                                  2020
                                                                                                                                                                 $m                                    $m                                                                                                                                              $m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 31 December
                        Norwest Energy NL                                                                                                                         7.1                                       -                                                                                                                                        2020
                        Aquila Resources Limited                                                                                                                 85.0                                       -         Summarised statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Current assets                                                                                                                   87.2
                        Interest in associates                                                                                                                   92.1                                       -         Non-current assets                                                                                                              618.4
                        Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Information relating to associates that are material to the                                                  Total assets                                                                                                                    705.6
                        Group are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Current liabilities                                                                                                              23.8
                                                                                                                                                                        Ownership interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Non-current liabilities                                                                                                          48.8
                        Name                                                                              Principal place of business/                        2021                                   2020
                                                                                                           Country of incorporation                            %                                      %               Total liabilities                                                                                                                72.6
                        Norwest Energy NL                                                                            Australia                               19.90%                                     -
                        Aquila Resources Limited*                                                                    Australia                               15.00%                                     -             Net assets                                                                                                                      633.0
                        *Aquila Resources Limited is accounted for as an associated company as the Group has significant influence primarily through representation on Aquila Resource Limited’s Board of Directors

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Summarised statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                        Information relating to each of these entities is set out below:                                                                                                                              Revenue                                                                                                                           7.4

                        Acquisition of 19.9% in Norwest Energy NL                                                                                                                                                     Expenses                                                                                                                        (76.9)
                        On 29 April 2021 the Group increased its investment in Norwest Energy NL, which lead to a reclassification of the investment in                                                               Loss before income tax                                                                                                          (69.5)
                        Norwest Energy NL of $7.1m from a Financial Asset, to an Investment in Associate.                                                                                                             Income tax benefit                                                                                                               19.0
                        The Acquisition has been accounted for using the Equity Method set out in AASB 128 Investments in Associates. In accordance with                                                              Loss after income tax                                                                                                           (50.5)
                        AASB 128, the investment is initially recognised at cost and subsequently the carrying value is increased or decreased to recognise the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Other comprehensive loss                                                                                                         (0.1)
                        investor’s share of the investee’s profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Total comprehensive loss                                                                                                        (50.6)
                        Due to the timing of the purchase, the Group’s share of profit after income tax was not material and hence not recognised for the period
                        ended 30 June 2021.                                                                                                                                                                           The results between 31 December 2020 disclosed audit results and 30 June 2021 is not expected to be material.
                        The details of the investment has not been disclosed since the Group’s holding is not material.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      31. INTERESTS IN JOINT OPERATIONS
                        Acquisition of 15% in Aquila Resources Limited
                        On 26 May 2021, the Group acquired 61,750,076 fully paid ordinary shares of Aquila Resources Limited, which equates to 15% of Aquila’s                                                        The Group has recognised its share of jointly held assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations. These have been
                        total issued capital (the Acquisition) from Aurizon Operations Limited (“Aurizon”).                                                                                                           incorporated in the financial statements under the appropriate classifications. Information relating to joint operations that are material to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Group are set out below:
                        The Acquisition has been accounted for using the Equity Method set out in AASB 128 Investments in Associates. In accordance with
                        AASB 128, the investment is initially recognised at cost and subsequently the carrying value is increased or decreased to recognise the                                                                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                        investor’s share of the investee’s profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Principal place of business/          2021                          2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Name                                                         Country of incorporation              %                             %
                        Due to the timing of the purchase, the Group’s share of profit after income tax was not material and hence not recognised for the period
                        ended 30 June 2021.                                                                                                                                                                           Reed Industrial Minerals Pty Ltd                                    Australia                    50.00%                        50.00%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MARBL Lithium Joint Venture                                         Australia                    40.00%                        40.00%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Buru Energy Limited                                                 Australia                    50.00%                           -




                        153 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 154
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS                                                                                                               34. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

                        Parent entity                                                                                                                                Expense arising from share-based payment transactions




For personal use only
                        Mineral Resources Limited is the parent entity.                                                                                              The expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following table:
                        Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Group
                        Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 29.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                        Associates                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $m                       $m
                        Interests in associates are set out in note 30.                                                                                              Equity-settled share-based payment transactions                                                          10.2                      6.7
                        Joint operations
                        Interests in joint operations are set out in note 31.                                                                                        Number and fair value of share awards granted during the period
                        Key Management Personnel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted average fair
                        Disclosures relating to Key Management Personnel are set out in note 33 and the remuneration report included in the Directors’ Report.                                                                                                               value                   Granted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $                     Number
                        Transactions with related parties
                        The value of transactions with related parties and outstanding balances in relation to transactions with related parties were as follows:    FY21 STI plan (for Key Executives)                                            (Share Rights)             53.36                    25,470

                                                                                                                           Group                                     FY21 LTI plan (for Key Executives)                                            (Share Rights)             21.17                  268,101

                                                                                         Transaction values Transaction values       Balances           Balances     FY21 LTI and One-off Rights plans (for Employees)                             (Share Rights)             21.17                  565,061
                                                                                         for the year ended for the year ended      outstanding        outstanding
                                                                                            30 June 2021       30 June 2020            as at              as at      The weighted average fair value of the above equity instruments granted was determined with reference to the share price on the
                                                                                                 $m                 $m             30 June 2021       30 June 2020   date of grant.
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                        Key Management Personnel:                                                                                                                    Additional information on the award schemes granted in FY21 are as follows:
                        Properties from which the Group’s operations are performed are          (2.2)              (2.1)                  -                   -          FY21 Short-Term Incentive Plan for Key Executives (FY21 STIP)
                                                                                                                                                                     (i)	
                        rented from parties related to Chris Ellison and Peter Wade                                                                                  	KMP are invited to participate in the FY21 STIP, under which awards made under the STIP that exceed 50% of the FAR for the
                                                                                                                                                                         Managing Director or 40% of FAR for other KMP, will be settled in the form of MRL shares that vest progressively over the two years
                        Occupation of these premises date back prior to the Company’s listing in 2006. The ongoing need for occupation of these premises,
                                                                                                                                                                         following grant, subject to continued service and application of clawback provisions.
                        as well as rental arrangements, are assessed periodically. The Group has a Related Party Transaction Policy that requires the review and
                        approval of Related Party Transactions by the Audit and Risk Committee (the Committee).                                                           FY21 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Key Executives (FY21 LTIP)
                                                                                                                                                                     (ii)	
                                                                                                                                                                     	KMP are invited to participate in the FY21 LTIP, under which participants receive share rights in the Company, subject to four years of
                        Terms and conditions
                                                                                                                                                                          continuing service and testing of the performance measure over a four-year performance period. The performance measure is the
                        All transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates.                                                         four-year average ROIC enjoyed by the Company over the performance period compared with hurdles set in advance by the Board.
                                                                                                                                                                          Further details on the FY21 LTIP are provided in the Remuneration Report.
                        33. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL DISCLOSURES
                        Compensation                                                                                                                                       FY21 Long-Term and One-off Rights Plans for Employees (FY21 ORP)
                                                                                                                                                                     (iii)	
                                                                                                                                                                     	Under the FY21 Annual Rights and One-off Rights Plans, eligible employees are invited to receive share rights in the Company, subject
                        The aggregate compensation made to Directors and other members of Key Management Personnel of the Group is set out below:                          to employees remaining in service for a period of three to five years from the date of grant. Share Rights under the plan do not carry
                                                                                                                                                  Group                    voting entitlements.

                                                                                                                                       2021               2020
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                                    6.3                5.5
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                        0.2                0.1
                        Share-based payments                                                                                            4.2                3.9


                                                                                                                                       10.7                9.5
                        Detailed information about the remuneration received by each KMP is provided in the Remuneration Report that is audited and forms part
                        of the Directors’ Report.




                        155 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2020 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                          MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 156
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)




                        34. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                              35. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS

                        Equity-settled awards outstanding                                                                                                                 During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by RSM Australia Partners, the auditor of




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                          the Company:
                        Details of equity-settled share awards outstanding as at the reporting date are presented in the following table:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                     Expected       Outstanding at   Outstanding at
                                                                                        Grant                                                                                                                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                                                      vesting       30 June 2021     30 June 2020         Vesting
                                                                                        date                                                                                                                                                                                     $’000                    $’000
                                                                                                       date            Number           Number           conditions
                                                                                                                                                                          Audit services - RSM Australia Partners
                        FY17 LTIP                                      (Share Rights)   Aug-17         Aug-20                  -          159,407        Non-market
                                                                                                                                                                          Audit or review of the financial statements                                                            676.0                    551.0
                        FY18 LTIP                                      (Share Rights)   Aug-18         Aug-21           124,755           384,006        Non-market

                        FY20 STIP (for Key Executives) - Deferred      (Share Rights)   July-20      Aug-21/22           73,120             73,120       Non-market       Other services - RSM Australia Partners & overseas network firms
                        shares component

                        FY20 LTIP (for Key Executives)                 (Share Rights)   Sep-19         Aug-23           359,413           359,413        Non-market       Taxation services                                                                                        61.0                    64 .0

                        FY20 ARP & ORP (for Employees)                 (Share Rights)   Sep-19     July-22/Sep-24      1,320,724        1,317,856        Non-market
                                                                                                                                                                          Audit services – unrelated firms                                                                         66.4                        -
                        FY21 STIP (for Key Executives) - Deferred      (Share Rights)   July-21      Aug-22/23           25,470                  -       Non-market
                        shares component                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         803.4                    615.0
                        FY21 LTIP (for Key Executives)                 (Share Rights)   July-20        Aug-24           268,101                  -       Non-market
                        FY21 LTIP & ORP (for Employees)                (Share Rights)   July-20    July-23/Sep-25       548,283                  -       Non-market       36. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                                                                                          Dividend
                        Outstanding balance in relation to Share Rights under the FY17 and FY18 LTI plans represent awards not yet vested nor issued. Shares are          On 11 August 2021, the Directors declared a final fully franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of $1.75 per share to be paid on
                        issued upon vesting (no exercise required) and may be subject to trading restrictions.                                                            07 September 2021, a total estimated distribution of $329.4 million based on the number of ordinary shares on issue as at 18 August 2021.
                        Outstanding balance in relation to Share Rights under the FY20 and FY21 plans represent awards not yet exercised. No awards have vested
                        as at reporting date.                                                                                                                             COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                                                                                                                          During FY21 the Group continued with its proactive implementation of a range of measures and adaptations to its operations in response
                        Accounting policy for share-based payments                                                                                                        to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, border closures and lockdowns following COVID-19 outbreaks around Australia continue to impact
                        Certain employees may receive remuneration in the form of share-based compensation.                                                               MRL operations, primarily through the forced curtailment of staff movements from interstate and overseas. This impacts the Group’s
                                                                                                                                                                          ability to transport iron ore from its operations as the shortage of road train drivers constrains movement of materials. During FY21 MRL
                        Equity-settled                                                                                                                                    continued COVID-19 testing checks as part of the fit-for- work regime for all FIFO workers as and when required. In addition, the Group
                        Equity-settled transactions are awards of shares, or options over shares, that are provided to employees in exchange for the rendering            maintains its ability, through MinRes Health, to rapidly re-activate these testing services, thereby benefitting the Group and the
                        of services.                                                                                                                                      wider Resources Industry and general community in Western Australia. Importantly, MinRes Health testing facilities are able to be
                                                                                                                                                                          re-commissioned within approximately 12 hours of a public health notification of a positive COVID-19 case in Western Australia. Despite
                        The cost of equity-settled transactions are measured at fair value on grant date and recognised as an expense with a corresponding                these measures the challenges presented by COVID-19 are fluid and continue to change; it is therefore not practical to estimate the
                        increase in equity over the vesting period. The cumulative charge to profit or loss is calculated based on the grant date fair value of           potential impact of COVID-19 after the reporting date. The Group will continue to assess its response to the COVID-19 pandemic on an
                        the award, the best estimate of the number of awards that are likely to vest and the expired portion of the vesting period. The amount            ongoing basis.
                        recognised in profit or loss for the period is the cumulative amount calculated at each reporting date less amounts already recognised in
                        previous periods.                                                                                                                                 Red Hill Iron Limited
                        If the non-vesting condition is within the control of the Group or employee, the failure to satisfy the condition is treated as a cancellation.   On 30 July 2021 the Company reached an agreement with Red Hill Iron Limited (ASX: RHI; Red Hill Iron) to acquire RHI’s 40% participating
                        If the condition is not within the control of the Group or employee and is not satisfied during the vesting period, any remaining expense for     interest in the Red Hill Iron Ore Joint Venture (RHIOJV) in the West Pilbara region of Western Australia. (ASX: MIN 30/07/2021). The
                        the award is recognised over the remaining vesting period, unless the award is forfeited.                                                         proposed acquisition of the RHIOJV interest aligns with MRL’s strategy to expand its mineral resource inventory around the Ashburton Hub
                                                                                                                                                                          to underpin a long-term, sustainable iron ore export business. The transaction is conditional on RHI obtaining shareholder approval. MRL
                                                                                                                                                                          will pay RHI $200m, out of existing cash resources, on completion of the acquisition of the RHIOJV interest and a further $200m in cash
                                                                                                                                                                          when the first commercial shipment of iron ore extracted from the RHIOJV tenements departs port. In addition, MRL will pay RHI a royalty
                                                                                                                                                                          of 0.75% of FOB revenue on all iron ore that is extracted and sold from the RHIOJV tenements and from MRL’s Bungaroo South tenement,
                                                                                                                                                                          provided Bungaroo South is developed in association with the development of the RHIOJV tenements. MRL expects the acquisition of the
                                                                                                                                                                          RHIOJV interest to complete around early September 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                          No other matter or circumstance has arisen since 30 June 2021 that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect the Group’s
                                                                                                                                                                          operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.



                        157 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2020 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                               MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 158
                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION




                        In the Directors’ opinion:




For personal use only
                        •	the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting Standards, the Corporations
                           Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;

                        •	the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
                           Accounting Standards Board as described in note 1 to the financial statements;

                        •	the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its
                           performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                        •	there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

                        The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Chris Ellison

                        Managing Director



                        11 August 2021

                        Perth




                        159 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                  RSM Australia Partners
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                                       Level 32, Exchange Tower                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                      2 The Esplanade Perth WA 6000
                                                                                                                                                      GPO Box R1253 Perth WA 6844
                                                                                                                                                                     T +61 (0) 8 9261 9100
                                                                                                                                                                      F +61 (0) 8 9261 9111
                                                                                                                                                                         www.rsm.com.au




For personal use only
                                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                     TO THE MEMBERS OF
                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                                                                                     Key Audit Matters
                                                                                                                                                                                                            RSM Australia Partners
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Level 32, Exchange Tower                  the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion
                        Opinion                                                                                                                                                                 2 The Esplanade Perth WA 6000                  thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                                                                                                                                GPO Box R1253 Perth WA 6844
                        We have audited the financial report of Mineral Resources Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group),                                                                                                                                  Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed this matter
                        which comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021, the consolidated income statement, the                                                       T +61 (0) 8 9261 9100
                        consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,                                                F +61 (0) 8 9261 9111                                 Revenue - Refer to Note 4 in the financial statements
                        and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors'                                                  www.rsm.com.au                                      Revenue was considered a key audit matter as it is the most            We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, in
                        declaration.                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                                                       significant account balance in the income statement.                   relation to the recognition of revenue:
                                                                                                      TO THE MEMBERS OF                                                                                                                                                                                               • Assessed whether the revenue recognition policies are in
                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in                         accordance with the
                                                                                                                INDEPENDENT         AUDITOR’S Corporations
                                                                                                                                                     REPORTAct 2001,
                                                                                               MINERAL RESOURCES                LIMITED                                                                                                        The Group’s sale agreements provide for provisional pricing of            compliance with Australian Accounting Standards;
                        including:                                                                                       TO THE    MEMBERS OF
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sales with pricing subsequently adjusted to reflect market pricing
                                                                                                                  MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                           • Evaluated and tested the operating effectiveness of the Group’s
                        (i)     giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its financial                                                                                                          over a quotation period stipulated in the sales contract, typically
                        Opinion                                                                                                                                                                                                                on or after the vessel’s arrival at the port of discharge. For sales     controls related to revenue recognition;
                                performance for the year then ended; and
                        We have audited the financial          report of Mineral Resources Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprises the
                                                           Opinion                                                                                                                                                                             where final settlement price is yet to be determined, the value of     • Sampled sales contracts with provisional pricing adjustments
                        consolidated
                        (ii)    complying with AustralianatAccounting
                                        balance    sheet   as      30 June 2021,          the consolidated
                                                                                    Standards                    income statement,
                                                                                                    and the Corporations      Regulationsthe consolidated
                                                                                                                                              2001.            statement of changes in equity and                                              this revenue is adjusted by considering tonnes subject to price          recorded at the reporting date, by recalculating the recorded
                        the consolidated statement of          cash    flows    for  the  year   then  ended,     and  notes  to the  financial
                                                           We have audited the financial report of Mineral Resources Limited (the Company)        statements,     including   a summary
                                                                                                                                                                         and its subsidiariesof significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (the Group),                                  finalisation at the end of the period.                                   provisional pricing adjustments to ensure it is comparable to
                        accounting    policies,
                        Basis for Opinion       and   the   directors’     declaration.
                                                          which comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021, the consolidated income statement, the                                                                                                                                                     relevant external price indices;
                        In our opinion, the accompanying  consolidated
                                                                    financialstatement
                                                                                  report of ofthechanges
                                                                                                    Group is  inin
                                                                                                                 equity  and the with
                                                                                                                   accordance     consolidated      statement
                                                                                                                                        the Corporations       Actof2001,
                                                                                                                                                                     cash flows    for the year then ended,
                                                                                                                                                                            including:
                        We conducted our audit inand         accordance
                                                                  notes to the   withfinancial
                                                                                       Australian      Auditing including
                                                                                                   statements,     Standards.    Our responsibilities
                                                                                                                              a summary       of significantunder     those policies, and the directors'
                                                                                                                                                                accounting                                                                                                                                            • Sampled a selection of sales contracts and delivery
                        (i)  	giving
                        standards    are a  true and
                                          further      fairdeclaration.
                                                   described view inofthetheAuditor's
                                                                                Group’s financial      positionfor
                                                                                          Responsibilities        asthe
                                                                                                                      at 30 June
                                                                                                                         Audit     2021 and
                                                                                                                                of the          of itsReport
                                                                                                                                         Financial     financial   performance for the year
                                                                                                                                                                section of                                                                                                                                              documentation to ensure that revenue has been recognised in
                        our report.  We
                                  then     are and
                                        ended; independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the                                                                                                                                                                                 accordance with the Group’s accounting policy; and
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the          ethical
                                                           In our         requirements
                                                                     opinion,      the        of  the Accounting
                                                                                        accompanying                  Professional
                                                                                                            financial report         and
                                                                                                                                of the     Ethical
                                                                                                                                        Group        Standards
                                                                                                                                                 is in accordance  Board's
                                                                                                                                                                         with the Corporations Act 2001,                                                                                                              • Reviewed sales transactions before and after the reporting
                        (ii)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for            Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial
                                                           including:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   date to ensure that revenue is recognised in the correct
                        report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.                                                                                                                                                                                     financial period.
                        Basis for Opinion
                                                           (i)       giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its financial
                        We confirm
                             conducted thatour
                                            theaudit in
                                                 independence
                                                         accordance    declaration
                                                                     performance        required
                                                                                         for
                                                                            with Australian  the yearby  then ended;
                                                                                                   Auditing    Corporations
                                                                                                              Standards. andOurAct 2001,    which has
                                                                                                                                 responsibilities    under been   given to
                                                                                                                                                              those    standards are further described                                         Provision for Site Rehabilitation - Refer to Note 21 in the financial statements
                        the  directors
                        in the          of Responsibilities
                                Auditor’s  the Company, would    for the beAudit
                                                                               in theofsame    terms if Report
                                                                                        the Financial      given tosection
                                                                                                                      the directors  as at the
                                                                                                                             of our report.   Wetimeare of  this auditor's
                                                                                                                                                         independent      of the Group in accordance
                        report.
                        with the auditor independence     (ii) requirements
                                                                     complying of     witheAustralian
                                                                                             Corporations Accounting     Standards
                                                                                                                Act 2001 and    the and
                                                                                                                                     ethicalthe Corporationsof the
                                                                                                                                              requirements         Regulations
                                                                                                                                                                         Accounting2001.Professional and                                       As at 30 June 2021, the Group had provisions for site rehabilitation   We performed the following audit procedures, amongst others, in
                        Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial                                                                              of $181.3 million relating to the estimated future cost of             relation to the provision for site rehabilitation:
                        We
                        reportbelieve  that the
                                in Australia.  Weaudit   evidence
                                                    have Basis       forwe
                                                            also fulfilled      have
                                                                           Opinion     obtained
                                                                                our other    ethicalisresponsibilities
                                                                                                        sufficient and in appropriate
                                                                                                                             accordance      provide
                                                                                                                                          to with       a basis for our
                                                                                                                                                   the Code.                                                                                   rehabilitation and restoration of areas disturbed as a result of its   • Obtained an understanding of the process involved in
                        opinion.                                                                                                                                                                                                               mining operations.
                        We confirm that the independence              declaration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       determining the provision;
                                                           We conducted             ourrequired
                                                                                          audit inbyaccordance
                                                                                                       the Corporations                    which hasStandards.
                                                                                                                             Act 2001, Auditing
                                                                                                                      with Australian                   been givenOur   to the  directors of the
                                                                                                                                                                            responsibilities    under those
                        Company, would be in the same             terms     if  given  to  the  directors    as  at the time  of this  auditor’s   report.
                                                           standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of                                                                  The provision for site rehabilitation was considered a key audit       • Obtained the calculations and the methodology used to
                                                           our report.      We are      independent       of theandGroup   in accordance      witha the   auditor   independence       requirements of the                                     matter due to the materiality of the balance, the significant            determine if the provision is in accordance with Australian
                        We believe that the audit evidence            we have       obtained     is sufficient        appropriate   to provide       basis   for our   opinion.                                                                judgements and estimation uncertainty, and the complexity
                                                           Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's                                                                                                                                              Accounting Standards;
                                                           APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial                                                                     involved in the quantification of the liability.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      • Considered the competence and objectivity of the Group’s
                                                           report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        internal and external experts involved in determining the cost
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        estimates used in the calculations;
                                                                         We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to
                                                                         the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor's                                                                                                                          • On a sample basis, agreed costs and inputs used in the
                        THE POWER OF BEING UNDERSTOOD                    report.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         calculations to supporting documentation; and
                        AUDIT | TAX | CONSULTING
                                                                         Weand trades
                                                                                believe        that   the      audit      evidence          weof the
                                                                                                                                                   have        obtained     is of the
                                                                                                                                                                                 sufficient    andan independent
                                                                                                                                                                                                      appropriate to provide a basis for our                                                                          • Benchmarked the key market related assumptions, being
                        RSM Australia Partners is a member of the RSM network             as RSM. RSM is the trading name used by  the members          RSM network. Each member      RSM network is
                        accounting and consulting firm which practices inopinion.
                                                                          its own right. The RSM network is not itself a separate legal entity in any jurisdiction.                                                                                                                                                      inflation rates and discount rates, used in the calculations
                        RSM Australia Partners ABN 36 965 185 036                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        against external market data.
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                        161 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 162




                                                                    THE POWER OF BEING UNDERSTOOD
                                                                    AUDIT | TAX | CONSULTING
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




For personal use only
                        Other Information                                                                                                                                     Report on the Remuneration Report

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Group’s annual               Report on the Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                              Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        report for the year ended 30 June 2021, but does not include the financial report and the auditor’s report thereon.
                                                                                                                                                                              Opinion
                                                                                                                                                                              We have on the the
                                                                                                                                                                                            Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                      audited            ReportReport included within the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance                      In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Mineral Resources Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2021, complies with section 300A of the
                        conclusion thereon.                                                                                                                                    We have audited the Remuneration Report included within the directors' report for the year ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                              Corporations Act 2001.
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether          In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Mineral Resources Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2021, complies
                        the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be          Responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                              with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        materially misstated.                                                                                                                                 The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section
                                                                                                                                                                                Responsibilities
                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to              300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted
                        report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.                                                                                           inThe
                                                                                                                                                                                 accordance    with
                                                                                                                                                                                    directors of  theAustralian
                                                                                                                                                                                                      CompanyAuditing  Standards.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                                                              in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report                                                                                            Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with
                        Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
                        enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
                        or error.
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern,                                                                        RSM AUSTRALIA PARTNERS
                        disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either
                        intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement,                   Perth, WA                                                TUTU PHONG
                        whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,         Dated: 11 August 2021                                    Partner
                        but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.                     SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE DIRECTORY

                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
                        website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.                          SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

                                                                                                                                                                              The shareholder information set out below was applicable as of [xx ]

                                                                                                                                                                              [LEAVE A WHOLE PAGE HERE – TO BE PROVIDED BY FINANCE CLOSER TO RELEASE DATE]


                                                                                                                                                                              CORPORATE DIRECTORY


                                                                                                                                                                         Directors                           Peter Wade
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Chris Ellison
                                                                                                                                                                                                             James McClements
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Kelvin Flynn
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Susan Corlett (appointed 4 January 2021)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Xi Xi

                                                                                                                                                                         Company secretaries                 Mark Wilson
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Derek Oelofse
                        163 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 164
                                                                                                                                                                         Registered office                   1 Sleat Road
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Applecross WA 6153
                                                                                                                                                                                                             P: + 61 8 9329 3600
                                                                                                                                                                                                             F: + 61 8 9329 3601
For personal use only
                        SHAREHOLDER
                        INFORMATION
                        CORPORATE
                        DIRECTORY
                        BROLGA’S SACRIFICE
                        The brolga watches over us with her giants wings
                        and feathers. She protects each one of us and our
                        giant planet.
                        Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        Photography by Russell James.




                        165 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION                                                                                                           CORPORATE DIRECTORY




                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION                                                                                                           DIRECTORS                                  SHARE REGISTER

                        The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 6 September 2021.                                                  Peter Wade                                 Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                                                                                                                                                          Chris Ellison                              Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace




For personal use only
                                             Range                           Total holders                         Units                  % Units         James McClements                           Perth WA 6000
                                                                                                                                                          Kelvin Flynn                               P: +61 8 9323 2000
                                          1 to 1,000                            18,311                       5,896,069                      3.12
                                                                                                                                                          Susan Corlett (appointed 4 January 2021)   F: +61 8 9322 2033
                                     1,001 to 5,000                              4,429                       9,611,785                     5.095          Xi Xi                                      www.computershare.com/au
                                    5,001 to 10,000                               565                        4,119,252                      2.18
                                                                                                                                                          COMPANY SECRETARIES                        AUDITOR
                                  10,000 to 100,000                               336                        8,056,018                      4.27
                                  100,001 and over                                  47                     161,052,858                     85.33          Mark Wilson                                RSM Australia Partners
                                                                                                                                                          Derek Oelofse                              Level 32 Exchange Tower
                                          Rounding                                                                                          0.01
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2 The Esplanade
                                              Total                            23,688                     188,735,982                     100.00          REGISTERED OFFICE                          Perth WA 6000
                                                                                                                                                                                                     P: +61 8 9261 9100
                        Unmarketable Parcels                                                                                                              1 Sleat Road
                                                                                                                                                                                                     F: +61 8 9261 9111
                        Analysis of number of equitable security holders by size of holding.                                                              Applecross WA 6153
                                                                                                                                                                                                     www.rsm.com.au
                                                                                                                                                          P: +61 8 9329 3600
                                                                                             Minimum Parcel Size                Holders        Units      F: +61 8 9329 3601
                                                                                                                                                                                                     BANKERS
                        Minimum $500.00 parcel at $53.7300 per unit                                  10                           490          1,437      Postal address: Locked Bag 3,
                                                                                                                                                          Canning Bridge, Applecross WA 6153         National Australia Bank
                        Equity Security Holders                                                                                                                                                      100 St Georges Terrace
                        The names of the twenty largest security holders of quoted equity securities are listed below.                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                Perth WA 6000
                                                                                                                                                                                                     www.nab.com.au
                        Rank Name                                                                                                Units       % of Units   1 Sleat Road
                                                                                                                                                          Applecross WA 6153
                           1   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                     61,732,229       32.71                                                  STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
                           2   J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                     32,549,004       17.25       WEBSITE                                    Mineral Resources Limited shares are listed on
                           3   CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                 23,057,279       12.22                                                  the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: MIN)
                                                                                                                                                          www.mrl.com.au
                           4   CHRIS ELLISON                                                                                 22,245,864       11.79
                           5   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                   7,848,934        4.16
                           6   NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                      6,767,562        3.59
                           7   D + C GERAGHTY PTY LTD <GERAGHTY FAMILY A/C>                                                   1,372,175        0.73
                           8   CPU SHARE PLANS PTY LTD                                                                         775,529         0.41
                           9   NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                   970,670         0.51
                         10    WOODROSS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                       525,830         0.28
                         11    QUOTIDIAN NO 2 PTY LTD                                                                          415,000         0.22
                         12    PAKSIAN PTY LTD                                                                                 371,000         0.20
                         13    CEDARFIELD HOLDINGS PTY LTD <CEDARFIELD A/C>                                                    350,000         0.19
                         14    MR PETER WADE <WADE FAMILY A/C>                                                                 344,710         0.18
                         15    MCCUSKER HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                       325,000         0.17
                         16    MCCUSKER FOUNDATION LTD <THE MCCUSKER CHARITABLE A/C>                                           300,000         0.16
                         17    AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                248,943         0.13
                         18    MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <MLPRO A/C>                                      220,200         0.12
                         19    DARRELL JAMES HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                  200,000         0.11
                         20    CS THIRD NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 13 A/C>                                     197,977         0.10
                               TOP 20 HOLDERS OF ORDINARY FULLY PAID SHARES                                                160,817,906       85.21




                        167 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                                                                                                                                                 MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 168
                                                                             INVESTING IN OUR
                                                                             PEOPLE - OUR MOST




For personal use only
                                                                             IMPORTANT ASSET
                                                                             - HAS UNDERPINNED
                                                                             RECORD OPERATIONAL
                                                                             AND FINANCIAL
                                                                             PERFORMANCE
                                                                             FOR MRL

                        Collaborative Art by Rebecca Morgan.
                        Photography by Russell James.


                                                                             Collaborative art by Rebecca Morgan.
                                                                             Photography by Russell James.

                        166 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT                                          MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 167
                        ARTIST BIOGRAPHIES




                                                 NATHAN                                              EDWIN LEE                                         REBECCA
                                                 MUNDRABY                                            MULLIGAN                                          MORGAN
                                                Nathan is a North                                   Edwin is a Walmajarri                                Descended from




For personal use only
                                                Queensland based                                    artist from the                                      the Gija, Wanamba,
                                                artist who has a                                    Central Kimberley                                    Yawuru and Karrajarri
                                                distinctive and                                     region of WA, who                                    people, Rebecca is
                                                detailed style of                                   uses his painting to                                 deeply committed
                                                cross-hatching                                      share stories and                                    to maintaining
                                                using very fine                                     dreams of his culture                                her strong
                        brushes and tools. Nathan was taught by              and family. His works are usually inspired by    cultural traditions and obligations and
                        his grandparents, parents and Aboriginal             his dreams that he translates into spoken        subsequently has a deep, personal
                        elders the ways of his people through                English language for gallery audiences.          commitment to showcasing her Aboriginal
                        stories, dancing and art.                            His vibrant descriptions often involve flying    artist skills “My art is very personal and
                                                                             over his country and viewing the land from       captures themes that include family values,
                        Nathan has exhibited his collaborative
                                                                             a high-altitude perspective                      unity, the journey of life and dreamtime
                        works with Nomad Two Worlds in the
                        USA, Europe and Australia. He is also a              Edwin has exhibited with Nomad Two               stories passed down to me by my father
                        talented didgeridoo player and has recently          Worlds in the USA, Europe and Australia          and elders.” Bec has exhibited nationally
                        performed with Hugh Jackman in North                 and as a solo artist in various international    and internationally with her work.
                        America and for Nomad Two Worlds in                  locations. He is also the recipient of several   Rebecca also provides ‘sharing stories’ art
                        Germany.                                             art awards, including the Shinju and             sessions as part of her cultural awareness
                                                                             Kimberley Indigenous Art Prizes.                 program.
                        Language Group: Mandingalbay
                                                                             Language Group: Walmajarri                       Language Group: Gija / Wanambal / Yawuru




                                                 AARON                                               RUSSELL                                          CLIFTON
                                                 HAYDEN                                              JAMES                                            BIEUNDURRY
                                                   Aaron Hayden was                                  Perth-born                                        Clifton is a Perth
                                                   born in Port Lincoln                              photographer Russell                              based Walmajarri
                                                   South Australia.                                  James moved to New                                artist who is the
                                                   He is a descendant                                York in 1996 where he                             foundation artist
                                                   of NjakiNjaki and                                 become one of the                                 for Nomad Two
                                                   Balardong people                                  most highly regarded                              Worlds and an
                                                   with traditional                                  photographers in the                              internationally
                        connections to the Wheatbelt, Yilgarn and            worlds of fashion, celebrity, fashion and        exhibited artist in his own right.
                        Avon regions in Western Australia, Aaron is          fine-art.
                                                                                                                              Clifton’s works seek to bridge the cultural
                        also a descendant of the Kokatha and Mirning         His works are often exhibited in galleries and   divide by explaining aspects of his
                        people in South Australia. Aaron’s paintings         museums in Berlin, Shanghai, New York and        Walmajarri culture, as well as sharing stories
                        depict the different areas of his country,           other international cities.                      from his own childhood in the Great Sandy
                        traditional dreaming stories and Australia’s                                                          Desert. “I paint to share my culture with
                        native wildlife. His art hangs in the WA             In 2013 Russell was awarded the Arts and
                                                                                                                              all people… it is important that we can all
                        Parliament House, government departments,            Culture Award as part of the Western
                                                                                                                              gain an understanding of our diversity and
                        hospitals and private collections throughout         Australian on the Year Awards for his
                                                                                                                              differences so we can accept and learn from
                        Australia and overseas. His work is also             collaborative work with Aboriginal artists and
                                                                                                                              each other.”
                        extensively published.                               for promoting WA abroad. He now resides in
                                                                             Perth and is often engaged in photography        Language Group: Walmajarri
                        Language Group: NjakiNjaki / Balardong               projects in remote locations around
                                                                             Western Australia.




                        171 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
For personal use only
                        OUR YEAR
                        IN PICTURES



                        173 I MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
For personal use only


                        MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 146
For personal use only

                        IRON ORE This year saw record iron ore production
                        reaping the benefits of our investments over the
                        past three years in the Yilgarn Hub and bringing
                        Wonmunna into production.
For personal use only

                        LITHIUM Lithium prices are on the rise and MRL is
                        perfectly positioned because of our world-class
                        portfolio of lithium assets.
For personal use only

                        ENERGY As part of our Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions, we will transition
                        away from diesel to alternative fuel sources. This year, we became the
                        largest holder of exploration permits in the highly prospective Perth Basin
                        and onshore Carnarvon Basin and commenced seismic and drilling activity.
For personal use only

                        INNOVATION Our NextGen 2 crushing and processing plants, carbon
                        fibre screens, 320 tonne road trains and transhippers are all part of our
                        innovative logistics solution that will underpin the Ashburton project.
For personal use only
For personal use only

                        OUR PEOPLE The greatest asset to our business, today and in the future,
                        is our people. We invest heavily in their wellbeing, safety and training.
                        We believe that mental health is as important as physical health and that
                        everyone deserves a workplace where they can feel safe and respected.
                                                     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 154
For personal use only
For personal use only
For personal use only

                        COMMUNITY Through the people we partner with and
                        the programs we support, we value our place as part of the
                        Australian community and are proud to have made a difference.

                                            MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2021 ANNUAL REPORT I 162
For personal use only
For personal use only

                        OUR FUTURE We are focused on creating a sustainable future
                        with long-term projects and careers for life focussing on what
                        we can control, being the best at what we do and abiding by
                        our purpose.
For personal use only
For personal use only

                        A:   1 SLEAT ROAD, APPLECROSS,
                             WESTERN AUSTRALIA 6153
                        P:   LOCKED BAG 3,                        LITHIUM EARTH’S ENERGY (Front Cover)
                             CANNING BRIDGE LPO,
                             APPLECROSS, WESTERN AUSTRALIA 6153          Energy takes many different forms.
                        T:   +61 8 9329 3600                         My art reflects the powerful energy that
                        F:   +61 8 9329 3601                                 the rock gives us in all our lives.
                        E: RECEPTION@MRL.COM.AU                                 Collaborative art by Nate Mundraby.
                        W: WWW.MRL.COM.AU                                            Photography by Russell James.
