
20-F

1

a2234185z20-f.htm

20-F

Use these links to rapidly review the document

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of Contents

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2018

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

o   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
ý   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
OR
o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
o   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 Commission file number 1-15024

NOVARTIS AG

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

NOVARTIS Inc.

(Translation of Registrant's name into English)

Switzerland

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

Lichtstrasse 35

4056 Basel, Switzerland

(Address of principal executive offices)

Felix R. Ehrat

Group General Counsel

Novartis AG

CH-4056 Basel

Switzerland

Tel.: 011-41-61-324-1111

Fax: 011-41-61-324-7826

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of class   Name of each exchange on which registered
American Depositary Shares each representing 1 share Ordinary shares, nominal value CHF 0.50 per share*   New York Stock Exchange New York Stock Exchange*

Securities
registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer's classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report:

2,317,456,499 shares

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
ý
    No
o

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
o
    No
ý

Note—Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
ý
    No
o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files).

Yes
ý
    No
o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of
"large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer
ý
                        Accelerated filer
o
                        Non-accelerated filer
o
                        Emerging growth company
o

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.
o

† The term "new or revised financial accounting standard" refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards
Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate
by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP o   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ý   Other o

If
"Other" has been checked in response to the previous question indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17
o
         Item 18
o

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
o
    No
ý

*
Not for trading but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such ordinary shares.

Table of Contents

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION AND USE OF CERTAIN TERMS   4
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   4
PART I   7
Item   1.   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   7
Item   2.   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   7
Item   3.   Key Information   7
3.A   Selected Financial Data   7
3.B   Capitalization and Indebtedness   10
3.C   Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds   10
3.D   Risk Factors   10
Item   4.   Information on the Company   29
4.A   History and Development of Novartis   29
4.B   Business Overview   33
Innovative Medicines   36
Sandoz   83
Alcon   91
4.C   Organizational Structure   100
4.D   Property, Plants and Equipment   100
Item   4A.   Unresolved Staff Comments   104
Item   5.   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   104
5.A   Operating Results   104
5.B   Liquidity and Capital Resources   175
5.C   Research and Development, Patents and Licenses   188
5.D   Trend Information   189
5.E   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   189
5.F   Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations   189
Item   6.   Directors, Senior Management and Employees   190
6.A   Directors and Senior Management   190
6.B   Compensation   190
6.C   Board Practices   190
6.D   Employees   190
6.E   Share Ownership   191
Item   7.   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   191
7.A   Major Shareholders   191
7.B   Related Party Transactions   193
7.C   Interests of Experts and Counsel   194
Item   8.   Financial Information   194
8.A   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information   194
8.B   Significant Changes   195
Item   9.   The Offer and Listing   195
9.A   Offer and Listing Details   195
9.B   Plan of Distribution   196
9.C   Markets   196

2

Table of Contents

9.D   Selling Shareholders   197
9.E   Dilution   197
9.F   Expenses of the Issue   197
Item   10.   Additional Information   197
10.A   Share Capital   197
10.B   Memorandum and Articles of Association   197
10.C   Material Contracts   202
10.D   Exchange Controls   202
10.E   Taxation   202
10.F   Dividends and Paying Agents   207
10.G   Statement by Experts   207
10.H   Documents on Display   207
10.I   Subsidiary Information   208
Item   11.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   208
Item   12.   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   208
12.A   Debt Securities   208
12.B   Warrants and Rights   208
12.C   Other Securities   208
12.D   American Depositary Shares   209
PART II   211
Item   13.   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   211
Item   14.   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   211
Item   15.   Controls and Procedures   211
Item   16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert   211
Item   16B.   Code of Ethics   212
Item   16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   212
Item   16D.   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   212
Item   16E.   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   213
Item   16F.   Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant   213
Item   16G.   Corporate Governance   214
Item   16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure   214
PART III   215
Item   17.   Financial Statements   215
Item   18.   Financial Statements   215
Item   19.   Exhibits   218

3

Table of Contents

  INTRODUCTION AND USE OF CERTAIN TERMS

        Novartis AG and its consolidated affiliates publish consolidated financial statements expressed in US dollars. Our consolidated financial
statements responsive to Item 18 of this annual report on Form 20-F (Form 20-F) are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

        Pursuant
to Rule 12b-23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we incorporate information for certain items of this Form 20-F by reference to the "Excerpts
from Novartis Annual Report 2017" included as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018 (the Annual Report Excerpts). Therefore the information in this
Form 20-F should be read in conjunction
with the Annual Report Excerpts. References to content not contained within the Annual Report Excerpts shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference.

        Unless
the context requires otherwise, the words "we," "our," "us," "Novartis," "Group," "Company," and similar words or phrases in this Form 20-F refer to Novartis AG and its
consolidated affiliates. However, each Group company is legally separate from all other Group companies and manages its business independently through its respective board of directors or similar
supervisory body or other top local management body, if applicable. Each executive identified in this Form 20-F reports directly to other executives of the Group company which employs the
executive, or to that Group company's board of directors.

        In
this Form 20-F, references to "US dollars," "USD" or "$" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, and references to "CHF" are to Swiss francs; references to
the "United States" or to "US" are to the United States of America, references to the "European Union" or to "EU" are to the European Union and its 28 member states, references to "Latin America" are
to Central and South America, including the Caribbean, and references to "Australasia" are to Australia, New Zealand, Melanesia, Micronesia and Polynesia, unless the context otherwise requires;
references to the "EC" are to the European Commission; references to "associates" are to employees of our affiliates; references to the "FDA" are to the US Food and Drug Administration, references to
"EMA" are to the European Medicines Agency, an agency of the EU, and references to the "CHMP" are to the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the EMA; references to "ADR" or "ADRs" are to
Novartis American Depositary Receipts, and references to "ADS" or "ADSs" are to Novartis American Depositary Shares; references to the "NYSE" are to the New York Stock Exchange, and references to the
"SIX" are to the SIX Swiss Exchange; references to "GSK" are to GlaxoSmithKline plc, references to "Lilly" are to Eli Lilly and Company, and references to "CSL" are to CSL
Limited.

        All
product names appearing in
italics
 are trademarks owned by or licensed to Group companies. Product names identified by a
"®" or a "™" are trademarks that are not owned by or licensed to Group companies and are the property of their respective owners.

  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

        This Form 20-F contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Other written materials filed with or furnished to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by Novartis, as
well as other written and oral statements made to the public, may also contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "potential," "expected,"
"will," "planned," "pipeline," "outlook," or similar terms, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential new products, potential new indications for existing products, or regarding
potential future revenues from any such products; or regarding the potential outcome, or financial or other impact on Novartis, of the strategic review being undertaken to maximize shareholder value
of the Alcon Division; or regarding the potential financial or other impact on Novartis or any of our divisions of

4

Table of Contents

the
significant acquisitions and reorganizations of recent years; or regarding the potential impact of the share buyback plan; or regarding potential future sales or earnings of the Novartis Group or
any of its divisions or potential shareholder returns; or by discussions of strategy, plans, expectations or intentions. You should not place undue reliance on these statements.

        Such
forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of management regarding future events, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks and
uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the
forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that any new products will be approved for sale in any market, or that any new indications will be approved for any existing products in any
market, or that any approvals which are obtained will be obtained at any particular time, or that any such products will achieve any particular revenue levels. Neither can there be any guarantee that
the strategic review being undertaken to maximize shareholder value of the Alcon Division will reach any particular results, or at any particular time, or that the result of the strategic review will
in fact maximize shareholder value. Nor can there be any guarantee that Novartis will be able to realize any of the potential strategic benefits, synergies or opportunities as a result of the
significant acquisitions and reorganizations of recent years. Neither can there be any guarantee that shareholders will achieve any particular level of shareholder returns. Nor can there be any
guarantee that the Group, or any of its divisions, will be commercially successful in the future, or achieve any particular credit rating or financial results.

        In
particular, our expectations could be affected by, among other things:

•
 global trends toward health care cost containment, including ongoing government, payor and general public pricing and reimbursement pressures,
such as from increased publicity on pharmaceuticals pricing, and requirements for increased pricing transparency;

•
 regulatory actions or delays or government regulation generally;

•
 the potential that the strategic benefits, synergies or opportunities expected from the significant acquisitions and reorganizations of recent
years may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

•
 the inherent uncertainties involved in predicting shareholder returns;

•
 the uncertainties inherent in the research and development of new healthcare products, including clinical trial results and additional analysis
of existing clinical data;

•
 our ability to obtain or maintain proprietary intellectual property protection, including the ultimate extent of the impact on Novartis of the
loss of patent protection and exclusivity on key products which commenced in prior years and will continue this year;

•
 safety, quality or manufacturing issues;

•
 uncertainties regarding actual or potential legal proceedings, including, among others, actual or potential product liability litigation,
litigation and investigations regarding sales and marketing practices, intellectual property disputes and government investigations generally;

•
 uncertainties involved in the development or adoption of potentially transformational technologies and business models;

•
 general political and economic conditions, including uncertainties regarding the effects of ongoing instability in various parts of the world;

•
 uncertainties regarding future global exchange rates;

•
 uncertainties regarding future demand for our products; and

5

Table of Contents

•
 uncertainties regarding potential significant breaches of data security or data privacy, or disruptions of our information technology systems.

        Some
of these factors are discussed in more detail in this Form 20-F, including under "Item 3. Key Information—3.D. Risk Factors," "Item 4. Information
on the Company," and "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects." Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary materially from those described in this Form 20-F as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. We provide the information in this Form 20-F as of the date of
its filing. We do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update any information or forward-looking statements set out in this Form 20-F as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise.

6

Table of Contents

  PART I

  Item 1.    Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers

        Not applicable.

  Item 2.    Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable

        Not applicable.

  Item 3.    Key Information

3.A    Selected Financial Data

        The selected financial information set out below has been extracted from our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS
as issued by the IASB. Our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, are included under "Novartis Group consolidated financial statements" on
pages 186 to 254 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, and in "Item 18. Financial Statements" in this
Form 20-F.

7

Table of Contents

        All
financial data should be read in conjunction with "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects". All financial data presented in this Form 20-F are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the consolidated financial statements and their notes.

Year Ended December 31,
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
($ millions, except per share information)
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
Net sales to third parties from continuing operations   49,109   48,518   49,414   52,180   51,869
Operating income from continuing operations   8,629   8,268   8,977   11,089   10,983
Income from associated companies   1,108   703   266   1,918   599
Interest expense   (777   )   (707   )   (655   )   (704   )   (683   )
Other financial income and expense   39   (447   )   (454   )   (31   )   (92   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes from continuing operations   8,999   7,817   8,134   12,272   10,807
Taxes   (1,296   )   (1,119   )   (1,106   )   (1,545   )   (1,498   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income from continuing operations   7,703   6,698   7,028   10,727   9,309
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income/(loss) from discontinued operations   10,766   (447   )   (17   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Group net income   7,703   6,698   17,794   10,280   9,292
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Novartis AG   7,703   6,712   17,783   10,210   9,175
Non-controlling interests   0   (14   )   11   70   117
Basic earnings per share ($)
Continuing operations   3.28   2.82   2.92   4.39   3.76
Discontinued operations   4.48   (0.18   )   0.00
Total   3.28   2.82   7.40   4.21   3.76
Diluted earnings per share ($)
Continuing operations   3.25   2.80   2.88   4.31   3.70
Discontinued operations   4.41   (0.18   )   0.00
Total   3.25   2.80   7.29   4.13   3.70
Cash dividends (1)   6,495   6,475   6,643   6,810   6,100
Cash dividends per share in CHF (2)   2.80   2.75   2.70   2.60   2.45

(1)
Cash
dividends represent cash payments in the applicable year that generally relates to earnings of the previous year.

(2)
Cash
dividends per share represent dividends proposed that relate to earnings of the current year. Dividends for 2013 through 2016 were approved at
the respective AGMs and dividends for 2017 will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on March 2, 2018 for approval.

8

Table of Contents

Year Ended December 31,
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
($ millions)
BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities & derivative financial instruments   9,485   7,777   5,447   13,862   9,222
Inventories   6,867   6,255   6,226   6,093   7,267
Other current assets   11,856   10,899   11,172   10,805   13,294
Non-current assets   104,871   105,193   108,711   87,826   95,712
Assets related to discontinued operations   6,801   759
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total assets   133,079   130,124   131,556   125,387   126,254
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Trade accounts payable   5,169   4,873   5,668   5,419   6,148
Other current liabilities   18,234   17,336   18,040   19,136   20,170
Non-current liabilities   35,449   33,024   30,726   27,570   25,414
Liabilities related to discontinued operations   2,418   50
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total liabilities   58,852   55,233   54,434   54,543   51,782
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Issued share capital and reserves attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG   74,168   74,832   77,046   70,766   74,343
Non-controlling interests   59   59   76   78   129
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total equity   74,227   74,891   77,122   70,844   74,472
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total liabilities and equity   133,079   130,124   131,556   125,387   126,254
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net assets   74,227   74,891   77,122   70,844   74,472
Outstanding share capital   869   896   890   898   912
Total outstanding shares (millions)   2,317   2,374   2,374   2,399   2,426

Cash Dividends per Share

        Cash dividends are translated into US dollars at the Bloomberg Market System Rate on the payment date. Because we pay dividends in Swiss francs,
exchange rate fluctuations will affect the US dollar amounts received by holders of ADRs.

Year Earned   Month and Year Paid   Total Dividend per share (CHF)   Total Dividend per share ($)
2013   March 2014   2.45   2.76
2014   March 2015   2.60   2.67
2015   March 2016   2.70   2.70
2016   March 2017   2.75   2.72
2017 (1)   March 2018   2.80   2.87   (2)

(1)
Dividend
to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting on March 2, 2018, and to be distributed March 8, 2018.

(2)
Translated
into US dollars at the December 31, 2017 rate of $1.024 to the Swiss franc. This translation is an example only, and should not be
construed as a representation that the Swiss franc amount represents, or has been or could be converted into US dollars at that or any other rate.

9

Table of Contents

Exchange Rates

        The following table shows, for the years and dates indicated, certain information concerning the rate of exchange of US dollar per Swiss franc
based on exchange rate information found on Bloomberg Market System. The exchange rate in effect on January 18, 2018, as found on Bloomberg Market System, was CHF 1.00 = $1.04.

Year ended December 31, ($ per CHF)   Period End   Average (1)   Low (2)   High (2)
2013   1.12   1.08   1.05   1.12
2014   1.01   1.09   1.01   1.13
2015   1.01   1.04   0.97   1.08
2016   0.98   1.01   0.98   1.04
2017   1.02   1.02   0.99   1.04
Month
August 2017   1.03   1.05
September 2017   1.03   1.06
October 2017   1.00   1.03
November 2017   1.00   1.02
December 2017   1.00   1.02
January 2018 (through January 18, 2018)   1.02   1.04

(1)
Represents
the average of the exchange rates on the last day of each month during the year.

(2)
Represents
the lowest, respectively highest, of the exchange rates on the last day of each month during the year.

3.B    Capitalization and Indebtedness

        Not applicable.

3.C    Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds

        Not applicable.

3.D    Risk Factors

        Our businesses face significant risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this annual report on
Form 20-F and in other documents we file with or furnish to the SEC, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in or to maintain an investment in any Novartis securities.
Our business, as well as our financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties not currently known to
us or not currently considered material.

Risks Facing Our Business

Our products face important patent expirations and losses of intellectual property protection.

        Major products of our Innovative Medicines Division, as well as certain products of our Sandoz and Alcon Divisions, are protected by patent and
other intellectual property rights, which provide us with exclusive rights to market the products, and give us an opportunity to recoup our investments in research and development. However, the
strength and duration of those intellectual property rights can vary significantly from product to product and country to country, and they may be successfully challenged by

10

Table of Contents

third
parties or regulatory authorities. Loss of market exclusivity for one or more important products has had, and can be expected to continue to have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.

        The
introduction of generic competition for a patented branded medicine typically results in a significant and rapid reduction in net sales and operating income for the branded product
because generic manufacturers typically offer their unpatented versions at sharply lower prices. Such competition can occur after successful challenges to intellectual property rights or the regular
expiration of the term of the patent or other intellectual property rights. Such competition can also result from the entry of generic versions of another medicine in the same therapeutic class as one
of our drugs or in another competing therapeutic class, from a Declaration of Public Interest or the compulsory licensing of our drugs by governments, or from a general weakening of intellectual
property laws in certain countries around the world. In addition, generic manufacturers sometimes take an aggressive approach to challenging intellectual property rights, including conducting
so-called "launches at risk" of products that are still under legal challenge for infringement, before final resolution of legal proceedings.

        We
also rely in all aspects of our businesses on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, which we seek to protect through various
measures including confidentiality agreements with licensees, employees, third-party collaborators, and consultants who may have access to such information. If these agreements are breached or our
other protective measures should fail, then our contractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover our losses.

        Some
of our best-selling products have begun or are about to face significant competition due to the end of market exclusivity resulting from the expiry of patent or other intellectual
property protection.

•
 Our formerly best-selling product
Gleevec/Glivec
 faces continued and increasing generic
competition in the US, EU and Japan.

•
 Patent protection for the marketed forms of our
Sandostatin
 products has expired. Generic
versions of
Sandostatin
 SC are available in the US, EU and Japan. While there is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan for

Sandostatin LAR
, the long-acting version of
Sandostatin
 which represents the majority of our

Sandostatin
 sales, such generic competition may arise in the future.

•
Diovan
 and
Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT
, which had long
been our best-selling product, has generic competitors in the US, EU and Japan. In addition, the single pill combination products
Exforge
 and

Exforge HCT
,
which contain valsartan, the active ingredient in
Diovan
, face generic competition despite
the existence of separate intellectual property covering those products.
Exforge
 has generic competition in the US, EU and Japan.

Exforge HCT
, which is not
marketed in Japan, has generic competition in the US and may face additional generic competition in the future.

•
 Intellectual property protecting a number of additional major products is either being challenged or will expire at various times in the coming
years, raising the possibility of generic competition. Among these products that may begin to face generic competition in one or more major markets during the next three years are

Gilenya
, our
everolimus products (
Afinitor/Votubia
 and

Certican/Zortress
),
Exjade/Jadenu
 and
Lucentis
.

        For
more information on the patent status of our Innovative Medicines Division's products see "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business
Overview—Innovative Medicines—Intellectual Property."

        In
2018, we expect an impact on our net sales of about $1.5 billion as a result of the loss of intellectual property protection for our products. Because we typically have
substantially reduced marketing and research and development expenses related to products that are in their final year of exclusivity, we expect that this loss of intellectual property protection also
will have an impact on our 2018 operating income in an amount corresponding to a significant portion of the products' lost sales. The magnitude of the impact of generic competition could depend on a
number of factors, including the time of year at which the

11

Table of Contents

generic
competitor is launched; the ease or difficulty of manufacturing a competitor product and obtaining regulatory approval to market it; the number of generic competitor products approved,
including whether, in the US, a single competitor is granted an exclusive marketing period, and whether an authorized generic is launched; and the geographies in which generic competitor products are
approved, including the strength of the market for generic pharmaceutical products in such geographies and the comparative profitability of branded pharmaceutical products in such geographies.

        Clearly,
with respect to major products for which the patent terms are expiring, the loss of exclusivity of these products can be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, should we unexpectedly lose exclusivity on additional products as a result of patent litigation or other reasons, this could also
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, both due to the loss of revenue and earnings, and the difficulties in planning for such losses.

Our financial performance depends on the commercial success of key products.

        Our financial performance, including our ability to replace revenue and income lost to generic and other competition and to grow our business,
depends heavily on the commercial success of our products. If any of our major products were to become subject to problems such as changes in prescription growth rates, unexpected side effects, loss
of intellectual property protection, supply chain issues or other product shortages, regulatory proceedings, changes in labeling, publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence in the product,
material product liability litigation, or pressure
from new or existing competitive products, the adverse impact on our revenue and profit could be significant. In addition, our revenue and profit could be significantly impacted by the timing and rate
of commercial acceptance of key new products. See also "—Our business is affected by pressures on pricing and reimbursement for our products," below, with regard to the impact of pricing
and reimbursement issues on the commercial success of our products.

        All
of our businesses are broadly faced with intense competition from new products and technological advances from competitors, and physicians, patients and third-party payors may choose
our competitors' products instead of ours if they perceive them to be safer, more effective, easier to administer, less expensive, more convenient, or more cost-effective. Products that compete with
ours are launched from time to time. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing of the introduction of such competitive products or their possible effect on our sales. However, products significantly
competitive to our major products, including
Cosentyx, Lucentis, Gilenya, Sandostatin, Tasigna
 and

Afinitor,
 are on the market, and others are in
development. In addition, numerous companies are seeking to enter the healthcare field to take advantage
of their expertise in digital and other new technologies. See "—We may fail to develop or take advantage of transformational technologies and business models," below. We may also face new
competitors from different regions of the world, including China, which is moving aggressively to expand its role in the sciences and in many industries. Such new competitors may successfully develop
products or technologies which could make products of ours uncompetitive or obsolete.

        Such
competitive products could significantly affect the revenue from our products and our results of operations. This impact could also be compounded to the extent such competition
results in us making significant additional investments in marketing and sales, or in research and development.

        In
particular, our Alcon Division and our US Sandoz business each has suffered declines in sales and profits in recent years due at least in part to increased competition for its
products, although Alcon's results improved in 2017, returning to growth. There can be no certainty either that Sandoz US sales will recover, or that Alcon's improved results will be repeated in the
coming years. In any event, such competition and the costs of our efforts to improve these businesses' performance, as well as other factors, can be expected to affect the business, financial
condition or results of operations of these organizations, at least in the near term. In addition, despite the devotion of significant resources to our efforts to improve the performance of Alcon and
Sandoz US, those efforts may ultimately prove insufficient. Should our efforts fail to accomplish their goals, or fail to do so in a timely manner, it could have a material

12

Table of Contents

adverse
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations beyond the near term, as well. See also "—Our research and development efforts may not succeed in bringing new
products to market, or may fail to do so in a cost-efficient manner, or in a manner sufficient to grow our business, replace lost revenue and income and take advantage of new
technologies," and "—Intense competition from patented and generic pharmaceuticals companies, as well as failure to obtain marketing exclusivity periods for new generic products, or to
successfully develop biosimilars and other differentiated products, may have a material adverse effect on the success of our Sandoz Division," below.

Our research and development efforts may not succeed in bringing new products to market, or may fail to do so
in a cost-efficient manner, or in a manner sufficient to grow our business, replace lost revenue and income and take advantage of new technologies.

        Our ability to continue to maintain and grow our business, to replace sales lost due to competition, entry of generics or other reasons, and to
bring to market products and medical advances that take advantage of new, and potentially disruptive technologies depends in significant part upon the success of our research and development
activities in identifying, and successfully and cost-effectively developing new products that address unmet medical needs, are accepted by patients and physicians, are reimbursed by payors, and are
commercially successful. To accomplish this, we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development, both through our own dedicated resources and through collaborations
with third parties. However, developing new healthcare products and bringing them to market is a highly costly, lengthy and uncertain process. In spite of our significant investments, there can be no
guarantee that our research and development activities will produce commercially successful new products that will enable us to replace revenue and income lost to generic and other competition and to
grow our business. See also "—We may not successfully achieve our goals in transactions or reorganizations," below, with regard to our recent reorganization of our pharmaceutical product
development organization.

        Using
the products of our Innovative Medicines Division as an example, the research and development process for a new product can take up to 15 years, or even longer, from
discovery to commercial product launch—and with limited available intellectual property protections, the longer it takes to develop a product, the less time there may be for us to recoup
our research and development costs. New products must undergo intensive preclinical and clinical testing, and must be approved by means of highly complex, lengthy and expensive approval processes
which can vary from country to country.

        During
each stage, there is a substantial risk that we will encounter serious obstacles that will further delay us and add substantial expense, that we will develop a product with
limited potential for commercial success, or that we will be forced to abandon a product in which we have invested substantial amounts of time and money. These risks may include failure of the product
candidate in preclinical studies, difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials, clinical trial holds or other delays in completing clinical trials, delays in completing formulation and other
testing and work necessary to support an application for regulatory approval, adverse reactions to the product candidate or other safety concerns, insufficient clinical trial data to support the
safety or efficacy of the product candidate or to differentiate our product candidate from competitors, an inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product candidate for development or
commercialization activities in a timely and cost-effective manner, and failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate or the facilities in
which it is manufactured.

        In
addition, following the "Brexit" vote in the UK, the EU has decided to move the headquarters of the EU's health authority, the EMA, from the UK to the Netherlands by March 2019. It is
expected that a significant percentage of the current employees of the EMA will decide not to make the move to the Netherlands. This raises the possibility that new drug approvals in the EU could be
delayed as a result.

13

Table of Contents

        Further,
in recent years, in order to achieve approvals of and reimbursement for new products and new indications, governmental authorities and payors around the world have increasingly
required more clinical trial data than they had in the past, the inclusion of significantly higher numbers of patients in clinical trials, and more detailed analyses of the trials. As a result,
despite significant efforts by health authorities such as the FDA to accelerate the development of new drugs, the already lengthy and expensive process of obtaining regulatory approvals and
reimbursement for pharmaceutical products has in many cases become even more challenging.

        Similarly,
the post-approval regulatory burden has also increased. Approved drugs are subject to various requirements such as risk evaluation and mitigation strategies (REMS), risk
management plans, comparative effectiveness studies, health technology assessments, and requirements to conduct post-approval Phase IV clinical trials to gather additional safety and other data
on products. These requirements have the effect of making the maintenance of regulatory approvals and of achieving reimbursement for our products increasingly expensive, and further heightening the
risk of recalls, product withdrawals, loss of market share, and loss of revenue and profitability.

        There
is also the risk that we may fail to identify significant new product candidates for development or potentially disruptive new technologies, and so may fail to take advantage of a
potential new wave of innovation.

        Our
Alcon Division faces similar challenges in bringing new products to market, including both the products and components that have been developed in house, as well as those that have
been acquired from third parties. Alcon's Surgical and Vision Care products face medical device development and approval processes that are often similarly as difficult as those faced by our
Innovative Medicines Division. For example, the new EU Medical Devices Regulation could bring substantial changes to the way medical device manufacturers bring new products to the European market,
including with respect to labelling, technical documentation and quality management systems. Alcon has taken steps to increase its innovation power and the success of its research and development
efforts. But these efforts are costly and require extensive efforts over time. There can be no certainty that Alcon will be successful in these efforts, in either the short- or the long-term, and if
Alcon is not successful, there could be a material adverse effect on the success of the Alcon Division, and on the Group as a whole.

        In
addition, our Sandoz Division has made, and expects to continue to make, significant investments in the development of differentiated, "difficult-to-make" generic products, including
biotechnology-based, "biologic" medicines, including those intended for sale as bioequivalent or "biosimilar" generic versions of currently-marketed biotechnology products. While the development of
such products typically is significantly less costly and complex than the development of the equivalent originator medicines, it is nonetheless often significantly more costly and complex than those
for non-differentiated generic products. In addition, many countries do not yet have fully-developed legislative or regulatory pathways to facilitate the development of biosimilars and permit
biosimilars to be sold in a manner in which the biosimilar product would be readily substitutable for the originator product. Further delays in the development and completion of such regulatory
pathways, or any significant impediments that may ultimately be built into such pathways, or any other significant difficulties that may arise in the development or marketing of biosimilars or other
differentiated products, could put at risk the significant investments that Sandoz has made, and will continue to make, in the development of differentiated products in general, and in its
biopharmaceuticals business in particular, and could have a material adverse effect on the long-term success of the Sandoz Division and the Group as a whole. See also "—Intense competition
from patented and generic pharmaceuticals companies, as well as failure to obtain marketing exclusivity periods for new generic products, or to successfully develop biosimilars and other
differentiated products, may have a material adverse effect on the success of our Sandoz Division," below.

        Further,
in all of our divisions, our research and development activities must be conducted in an ethical and compliant manner. Among other things, we must be concerned with patient
safety, data privacy, Good Clinical Practices requirements, data integrity requirements, the fair treatment of patients

14

Table of Contents

in
developing countries, and animal welfare requirements. Should we fail to properly manage such issues, we risk injury to third parties, damage to our reputation, negative financial consequences as a
result of potential claims for damages, sanctions and fines, and the potential that our investments in research and development activities could have no benefit to the Group.

        If
we are unable to cost-effectively maintain a flow of successful new products and new indications for existing products sufficient to maintain and grow our business, cover our
substantial research and development costs and the decline in sales of older products that become subject to generic or other competition, and take advantage of technological and medical advances,
then this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. For a description of the approval processes which must be followed to market our products,
see the sections headed "Regulation" included in the descriptions of our operating divisions under "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business Overview."

Our business is affected by pressures on pricing and reimbursement for our products.

        Our businesses are operating in an ever more challenging environment, with significant pressures on the pricing of our products and on our
ability to obtain and maintain satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products by governments, insurers and other payors. The growth of overall healthcare costs as a percentage of gross domestic
product in many countries means that governments and payors are under intense pressure to control healthcare spending even more tightly than in the past. These pressures are particularly strong given
the increasing demand for healthcare resulting from the aging of the global population and associated increases in non-communicable diseases, and the resulting impact on healthcare budgets. These
pressures are further compounded by consolidation among distributors, retailers, private insurers, managed care organizations and other private payors, which can increase their negotiating power,
particularly with respect to our generic drugs. In addition, these pressures are augmented by significant controversies and intense publicity about prices for pharmaceuticals that some consider
excessive, as well as government investigations and legal proceedings regarding pharmaceutical pricing practices.

        As
a result, we face numerous cost-containment measures by governments and other payors, including government-imposed industry-wide price reductions, mandatory pricing systems, reference
pricing systems, payors limiting access to treatments based on cost-benefit analyses, an increase in imports of drugs from lower-cost countries to higher-cost countries, shifting of the payment burden
to patients through higher co-payments, limiting physicians' ability to choose among competing medicines, mandatory substitution of generic drugs for the patented equivalent, growing pressure on
physicians to reduce the prescribing of patented prescription medicines, the imposition or threat of imposition of compulsory licensing or Declarations of Public Interest, and requirements for
increased transparency on pricing. For more information on such price controls see "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business Overview—Innovative
Medicines—Price Controls." See also "—Ongoing consolidation among our distributors and retailers is increasing both the purchasing leverage of key customers and the
concentration of credit risk," below, with regard to the impact on pricing of the consolidation among our customers, and "—Political and economic instability may have a material adverse
effect on our results," below, with regard to the impact of economic conditions on our pricing. These factors may materially affect our ability to achieve an acceptable return on our investments in
the development of our products, and may impact our ability to invest in the research and development of new products.

        We
expect these challenges to continue—and potentially to increase in 2018 and following years—as political pressures mount, and healthcare payors around the
globe, including government-controlled health authorities, insurance companies and managed care organizations, step up initiatives to reduce the overall cost of healthcare, restrict access to
higher-priced new medicines, increase the use of generics and impose overall price cuts. Such pressures could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of
operations, as well as on our reputation.

15

Table of Contents

Failure to comply with law, legal proceedings and government investigations may have a significant negative
effect on our results of operations.

        We are obligated to comply with the laws of all of the countries around the world in which we operate and sell products with respect to an
extremely wide and growing range of activities. Such legal requirements can vary from country to country and new requirements may be imposed on us from time to time as government and public
expectations regarding acceptable corporate behavior change.

        For
example, we are faced with increasing pressures, including new laws and regulations from around the world, to be more transparent with respect to how we do business, including with
respect to our interactions with healthcare professionals and organizations. These laws and regulations include requirements that we disclose payments or other transfers of value made to healthcare
professionals and organizations, as well as with regard to the prices for our products.

        In
addition, we have significant activities in a number of developing countries around the world, both through our own employees, and through third parties retained to assist us. In some
of these countries, a culture of compliance with law may not be as fully developed as in other countries.

        To
help us in our efforts to comply with the many requirements that impact us, we have a significant global ethics and compliance program in place, and we devote substantial time and
resources to efforts to ensure that our business is conducted in a lawful and publicly acceptable manner. Nonetheless, despite our efforts, any actual or alleged failure to comply with law or with
heightened public expectations could lead to substantial liabilities that may not be covered by insurance, or to other significant losses, and could affect our business, financial position and
reputation.

        In
particular, in recent years, there has been a trend of increasing government investigations, legal proceedings and law enforcement activities against companies and executives
operating in our industry, both in the US and in countries around the world. Increasingly, such activities can involve criminal proceedings, and can retroactively challenge practices previously
considered to be legal. A number of our subsidiaries across each of our divisions are, or may in the future be subject to various investigations and legal proceedings that arise or may arise from time
to time, such as proceedings regarding sales and marketing practices, pricing, corruption, trade regulation and embargo legislation, product liability, commercial disputes, employment and wrongful
discharge, antitrust (including for so-called "pay for
delay" patent settlements), securities, insider trading, occupational health and safety, environmental, tax, cybersecurity, data privacy and intellectual property matters. For information on
significant legal matters pending against us see "Note 19. Provisions and other non-current liabilities" and "Note 27. Commitments and contingencies" in the "Excerpts from
Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018. See also "—Our reliance on outsourcing key business functions to third parties heightens
the risks faced by our businesses," below.

        Such
proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and large judgments sometimes occur. As a consequence, we may in the future incur judgments that could involve large cash payments,
including the potential repayment of amounts allegedly obtained improperly, and other penalties, including treble damages. In addition, such proceedings may affect our reputation, create a risk of
potential exclusion from government reimbursement programs in the US and other countries, and may lead to civil litigation. As a result, having taken into account all relevant factors, we have in the
past and may again in the future enter into major settlements of such claims without bringing them to final legal adjudication by courts or other such bodies, despite having potentially significant
defenses against them, in order to limit the risks they pose to our business and reputation. Such settlements may require us to pay significant sums of money, and to enter into corporate integrity or
similar agreements, which are intended to regulate company behavior for a period of years.

        Any
such judgments or settlements, and any accruals that we may take with respect to potential judgments or settlements, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition or results of operations, as well as on our reputation.

16

Table of Contents

        Our
Sandoz Division may from time to time seek approval to market a generic version of a product before the expiration of patents claimed by the marketer of the patented product. We do
this in cases where we believe that the relevant patents are invalid, unenforceable, or would not be infringed by our generic product. As a result, affiliates of our Sandoz Division frequently face
patent litigation, and in certain circumstances, we may elect to market a generic product even though patent infringement actions are still pending. Should we elect to proceed in this manner and
conduct a "launch at risk," we could face substantial damages if the final court decision is adverse to us.

        Adverse
judgments or settlements in any of the significant investigations or cases against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and reputation.

The manufacture of our products is highly regulated and complex, and may result in a variety of issues that
could increase our cost of goods and lead to extended supply disruptions and significant liability.

        The manufacture of our products is complex and heavily regulated by governmental health authorities around the world, including the FDA. Whether
our products and the related raw materials are manufactured at our own dedicated manufacturing facilities or by third parties, we must ensure that all manufacturing processes comply with current Good
Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) and other applicable regulations, as well as with our own high quality standards. In recent years, health authorities have substantially intensified their scrutiny of
manufacturers' compliance with such requirements.

        Any
significant failure by us or our third-party suppliers to comply with these requirements or the health authorities' expectations, may cause us to shut down the production facilities
or production lines. Alternately, we may be forced to shut them down by a government health authority, or could be prevented from importing our products from one country to another. This could lead to
product shortages, or to our being entirely unable to supply products to patients for an extended period of time. Such shortages or shut downs have led to and could continue to lead to significant
losses of sales revenue and to potential third-party litigation. In addition, health authorities have in some cases imposed significant penalties for such failures to comply with cGMP. A failure to
comply fully with cGMP could also lead to a delay in the approval of new products to be manufactured at the impacted site.

        In
addition to these regulatory requirements, the technically complex manufacturing processes required to manufacture many of our products increase the risk of production failures, and
can increase the cost of producing our goods. For example, we manufacture and sell a number of sterile products, including oncology products, which require sophisticated environmental controls. In
addition, a significant number of our products are "biologic" products. Unlike traditional "small-molecule" drugs, biologic drugs or other biologic-based products cannot be manufactured synthetically,
but typically must be produced from living plant or animal micro-organisms. As a result, the production of biologic-based products that meet all regulatory requirements is especially complex. Even
slight deviations at any point in the production process may lead to production failures or recalls. In addition, because the production process involves living plant or animal micro-organisms, the
process could be affected by contaminants that could impact those micro-organisms. Further, for our new oncology product
Kymriah,
 each dose must be
separately produced, using the individual patient's own cells as a basis, without contingencies for production failures. As a result, because the production process for many of our products is so
complex and sensitive, the cost of production and the chance of production failures and lengthy supply interruptions is increased.

        In
order to meet increasing health authority expectations and our own high quality standards, we are devoting substantial time and resources to remediate issues, improve quality and
assure consistency of product supply at our manufacturing sites and third party suppliers around the world. However, there can be no guarantee as to the outcome of these efforts, or that we or our
third parties suppliers will not face significant manufacturing issues, or that we will successfully manage such issues when they arise. For example, our Sandoz Division has been unable to launch its

Glatopa
 40mg product due to a
Warning Letter received from the FDA by our third party supplier with respect to its manufacturing facility.

17

Table of Contents

        In
addition, many of our products require a supply of highly specialized raw materials. For some of our products and raw materials, we may rely on a single source of supply. As a result,
we are required to plan our production activities well in advance. If we should suffer from product shortages, including as a result of a natural disaster at a production facility, or if we should
underestimate market demand for a product, or should fail to accurately predict when the product would be approved for sale, then we may not be able to produce sufficient product to meet demand.
Alternately, if we overestimate the quantity or timing of product to be produced, then we may be required to dispose of excess product, which would result not only in the loss of the product, but also
the resources spent to produce it.

        Further,
because our products are intended to promote the health of patients, for some of our products, a supply disruption or other production issue could endanger our reputation and
subject us to lawsuits or to allegations that the public health, or the health of individuals, has been harmed.

        Thus,
complex production processes and compliance with regulatory requirements can increase our cost of producing our products, and any significant disruption in the supply of our
products could impact our sales, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, as well as our reputation. See also
"—We may not successfully achieve our goals in transactions or reorganizations," below, with regard to our recent reorganization of our product manufacturing organization, and
"—Extreme weather events, earthquakes and other natural disasters could adversely affect our business," below.

Foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our earnings and the value of some of our assets.

        Changes in exchange rates between the US dollar, our reporting currency, and other currencies can result in significant increases or decreases
in our reported sales, costs and earnings as expressed in US dollars, and in the reported value of our assets, liabilities and cash flows.

        In
addition to ordinary market risk, there is a risk that countries could take affirmative steps that could significantly impact the value of their currencies. Such steps could include
"quantitative easing" measures and potential withdrawals by countries from common currencies. In addition, countries facing
local financial difficulties, including countries experiencing high inflation rates and highly indebted countries facing large capital outflows, may impose controls on the exchange of foreign
currency. Such exchange controls could limit our ability to distribute retained earnings from our local affiliates, or to pay intercompany payables due from those countries.. See
"—Political and economic instability may have a material adverse effect on our results," below.

        Despite
measures undertaken to reduce, or hedge against, foreign currency exchange risks, because a significant portion of our earnings and expenditures are in currencies other than the
US dollar, including expenditures in Swiss francs that are significantly higher than our revenue in Swiss francs, any such exchange rate volatility may negatively and materially impact the Group's
business, results of operations and financial condition, and may impact the reported value of our net sales, earnings, assets and liabilities. In addition, the timing and extent of such volatility can
be difficult to predict. Further, depending on the movements of particular foreign exchange rates, the Group may be materially adversely affected at a time when the same currency movements are
benefiting some of our competitors.

        For
more information on the effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated financial statements and on how we manage currency risk, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Item 5.B Liquidity and Capital Resources—Effects of Currency Fluctuations" "Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk", and "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24,
2018.

18

Table of Contents

We may not successfully achieve our goals in transactions or reorganizations.

        As part of our strategy, from time to time we acquire and divest products or entire businesses, in order to expand or complement our existing
businesses, or to enable us to focus more sharply on our strategic businesses. For example, we recently completed the acquisition of Advanced Accelerator Applications, a radiopharmaceutical company
that develops, produces and commercializes molecular nuclear medicines including
Lutathera
, a first-in-class radioligand therapy product for
neuroendocrine tumors.

        Despite
expending significant efforts and resources in this area, we cannot ensure that we will identify products or businesses that are suitable for acquisition. In addition,
acquisition activities can be thwarted by governmental regulation, including market concentration limitations, political interference, overtures from competitors for the targeted assets, potentially
increasing prices demanded by sellers, and other issues. Once an acquisition is agreed upon with a third party, we may not be able to complete the acquisition in the expected form or within the
expected time frame, or at all, due to a failure to obtain required regulatory approvals or a failure to achieve contractual or other required closing conditions. Further, after an acquisition,
efforts to develop and market acquired products, including products acquired by Alcon, or to integrate the acquired business may not meet expectations, or may otherwise not be successful, as a result
of difficulties in retaining key personnel, customers and suppliers, difference in corporate culture, standards, controls, processes and policies, or other reasons. Acquisitions and divestments can
also divert management's attention from our existing businesses, and could result in the existing businesses failing to achieve expected results, or in liabilities being incurred that were not known
at the time of acquisition, or the creation of tax or accounting issues.

        Similarly,
we cannot ensure that suitable buyers will be identified for businesses or other assets that we might want to divest. Neither can we ensure that we will correctly select
businesses or assets as candidates for divestiture, that we will be able to successfully complete any agreed upon divestments, or that any expected strategic benefits, synergies or opportunities will
arise as a result of any divestiture. For example, in early 2017, we announced a strategic review of the Alcon Division in order to explore all options to maximize value for our shareholders. Key
criteria for a final decision and timing remain continued Alcon sales growth and margin improvement which need to be demonstrated for multiple quarters leading to potential action not likely before
the first half of 2019. But there can be no certainty that the strategic review will reach any particular results, or at any particular time, or that it will in fact maximize shareholder value.

        In
addition, as part of our strategy, from time to time we reassess the optimal organization of our business, including the allocation of products by division and the level of
centralization and simplification of certain functions across the Group, to better align those products and functions with the capabilities and expertise required for competitive advantage. As an
example of this, in October 2017, we announced that certain over-the-counter and diagnostic ophthalmic products would be moved from the Innovative Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective
January 1, 2018, where we believe the products will create the most value. We expect this and other similar actions, including our prior move of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceutical products
from our Alcon Division to our Innovative Medicines Division, to help further strengthen our competitive position, enable us to maintain our leading position in research and development, and free
resources for our growth priorities. But the expected benefits of such reorganizations may never be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. There can be no certainty that the
businesses and functions involved will be successfully integrated into the new organizations or that key personnel will be retained. Disruption from the reorganizations may make it more difficult to
maintain relationships with customers, employees or suppliers, and the reorganizations may result in the Group not achieving the expected productivity and financial benefits, shortfalls in program
oversight, or, potentially, sales declines and lost profits.

        Both
with respect to the transactions and reorganizations previously announced, and to potential future transactions and reorganizations, if we fail to timely recognize or address these
risks, or to devote

19

Table of Contents

adequate
resources to them, we may fail to achieve our strategic objectives, including our growth strategy, or otherwise may not realize the intended benefits of the acquisition, divestiture or
reorganization.

Significant breaches of data security or disruptions of information technology systems and the use of
Internet, social media and mobile technologies could adversely affect our business and expose people's personal information.

        We are heavily dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems, to support
our business processes. In addition, Novartis and our employees rely on Internet and social media tools and mobile technologies as a means of communications, and to gather information, which can
include people's personal information. We are also increasingly seeking to develop technology-based products such as mobile applications and other digital health products that go "beyond the pill" to
improve patient welfare in a variety of ways, which could also result in us gathering personal information about patients and others electronically.

        The
size and complexity of our information technology systems, and, in some instances, their age, make them potentially vulnerable to external or internal security incidents, breakdowns,
malicious intrusions, cybercrimes, including State-sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Although we have devoted and continue
to devote significant resources and management attention to cybersecurity and to business continuity efforts, like many companies, we have experienced certain of these events and expect to continue to
experience them in the future, as the external cyber-attack threat only keeps growing. We believe that the information security incidents we have experienced to date have not resulted in significant
disruptions to our operations, and have not had a significant adverse effect on our results of operations, or on third parties. However, we may not be able to prevent future breakdowns or breaches in
our systems and we may not be able to prevent such events from having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or reputation.

        Any
such event could negatively impact important business processes, such as the conduct of scientific research and clinical trials, the submission of the results of such efforts to
health authorities in support of requests for product approvals, the functioning of our manufacturing and supply chain processes, our compliance with legal obligations and other key business
activities, including our employees' ability to communicate with one another and with third parties. Such potential information technology issues could also lead to the loss of important information
such as trade secrets or other intellectual property and could accelerate the development or manufacturing of competing products by third parties. In addition, malfunctions in software or in devices
that make significant use of information technology, including our Alcon surgical equipment, could lead to a risk of harm to patients.

        In
addition, our routine business operations, including through the use of information technologies such as the Internet, social media, mobile technologies, and technology-based medical
devices, increasingly involve our gathering personal information (including sensitive personal information) about patients, vendors, customers, employees, collaborators and others. Breaches of our
systems or those of our third-party contractors, or other failures to protect such information, could expose such people's personal information to unauthorized persons. Any such event could give rise
to significant potential liability and reputational harm, including potentially substantial monetary penalties. We also make significant efforts to ensure that any international transfers of personal
data are done in compliance with applicable law. Any additional restraints that may be placed on our ability to transfer such data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and reputation.

        We
also use Internet, social media and mobile tools as a means to communicate with the public, including about our products or about the diseases our products are intended to treat.
However, such uses create risks, such as the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property. In addition, there continues to be significant uncertainties as to the rules that apply to such
communications, and as to the interpretations that health authorities will apply in this context to the rules that do exist. As a result, despite our efforts to

20

Table of Contents

comply
with applicable rules, there is a significant risk that our use of Internet, social media and mobile technologies for such purposes may cause us to nonetheless be found in violation of them.

        Our
dependence upon information technology, including any breaches of data security, technology disruptions, privacy violations, or other uses of interconnected technologies could give
rise to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, to the public exposure of personal information, and to interruptions to our operations, and could result in enforcement actions or
liability, including potential government fines, claims for damages, and shareholders' litigation. Any such events could require us to expend significant resources beyond those we already invest to
further modify or enhance our protective measures, to remediate any damage, and to enable the continuity of our business. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and reputation.

We may fail to develop or take advantage of transformational technologies and business models.

        Rapid progress in digital technologies and in the development of sometimes radical new business models is substantially transforming numerous
industries around the world, creating new businesses and new opportunities for revenue and profit, while sometimes quickly rendering established businesses uncompetitive or obsolete. The potential
exists for such transformations, both positive and negative, to impact the pharmaceutical industry, and numerous companies from the digital technology and other industries are seeking to enter the
healthcare field.

        To
take advantage of these opportunities, Novartis has embarked upon a digital transformation strategy, with the goal of making Novartis an industry leader in leveraging advanced
analytics and other new technologies. As part of this effort, we have created a new role of Chief Digital Officer, reporting directly to the CEO, charged with creating and executing a company-wide
digital strategy, to be led by the Executive Committee of Novartis.

        In
order to reach our goal, we expect to invest substantial resources into efforts to improve the way we use data in drug discovery and development, to improve the ways we engage with
patients, doctors and other stakeholders, and to automate business processes. With our commitment to using science-based innovation to deliver better outcomes for patients, together with our expertise
and the valuable data we have and continue to amass, we believe that we have an opportunity to transform our business model using digital technologies.

        There
is no guarantee that our efforts toward a digital transformation will succeed, or that we will successfully transform our business model, or that we will be able to do so at any
particular cost or any particular time. In order to succeed, we will be required to encourage a cultural change amongst our employees, attract and retain employees with appropriate skills and mindset,
and successfully innovate across a variety of technology fields, while other companies, including both specialized start-up organizations and established technology companies such as IBM, with its
Watson project, and Alphabet, with its subsidiary Verily, aggressively move forward in this field.

        At
the same time, there is a risk that other companies with specialized expertise or business models may enter the healthcare field, potentially disrupting our relationships with
patients, healthcare professionals, customers, distributors and suppliers, with unknown potential consequences for us. For example, new entrants may seek to enter the pharmaceutical distribution
field.

        If
we should fail to succeed in our efforts at a digital transformation of our company, then there is a risk that we may fail to create the innovative new products, tools or techniques
that such technologies may make possible, or may fail to create them as quickly and efficiently as such technologies may enable. We may also lose opportunities to engage with our stakeholders and to
profit from improved business processes, and may lose the resources devoted to these efforts to transform our business. At
the same time, should third parties successfully enter the healthcare field with disruptive new technologies or business models, then we potentially may see our business supplanted in whole or in part
by these new

21

Table of Contents

entrants.
Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Intangible assets and goodwill on our books may lead to significant impairment charges in the future.

        We carry a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet, primarily due to acquisitions,
including, in particular, substantial goodwill and other intangible assets obtained as a result of our acquisitions of Alcon and the oncology assets from GSK. As a result, we may incur significant
impairment charges in the future if the fair value of the intangible assets and the groupings of cash generating units containing goodwill would be less than their carrying value on the Group's
consolidated balance sheet at any point in time.

        We
regularly review our long-lived intangible and tangible assets, including identifiable intangible assets, investments in associated companies and goodwill, for impairment. Goodwill,
intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, acquired research projects not ready for use, and acquired development projects not yet ready for use are subject to impairment review at least
annually. Other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when there is an indication that an impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing under IFRS may lead to impairment charges in the
future. Any significant impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In 2017, for example, we recorded intangible asset impairment
charges of $0.7 billion. For a detailed discussion of how we determine whether an impairment has occurred, what factors could result in an impairment and the impact of impairment charges on our
results of operations, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.A Operating Results—Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates—Impairment of Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment" and "Note 1. Significant accounting policies" and "Note 10. Goodwill and intangible
assets" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

Political and economic instability may have a material adverse effect on our results.

        Unpredictable political conditions currently exist in various parts of the world, including a backlash in certain areas against free trade,
anti-immigrant sentiment, social unrest, the refugee crisis, fears of terrorism and the risk of direct conflicts between nations. In the US, the current presidential administration's opposition to
free trade agreements could cause barriers to be raised to international trade, and the elimination of the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate could have a negative impact on individuals' ability
to afford health insurance. Similarly, there is a risk that barriers to free trade and the free movement of people may rise in Europe following the UK's "Brexit" vote and the rise of nationalist,
separatist and populist sentiment in various countries. And significant conflicts continue in parts of the Middle East, including conflicts involving Saudi Arabia and Iran, and with respect to places
such as North Korea. Collectively, such difficult conditions could, among other things, disturb the international flow of goods and increase the costs and difficulties of international transactions.

        In
addition, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payors, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers and service providers, to pay for our products, or
otherwise to buy necessary inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obligations under agreements with us. Although we make efforts to monitor these third parties' financial condition and their
liquidity, our ability to do so is limited, and some of them may become unable to pay their bills in a timely manner, or may even become insolvent, which could negatively impact our business and
results of operations. These risks may be elevated with respect to our interactions with fiscally-challenged government payors, or with third parties with substantial exposure to such payors. See also
"—Our reliance on outsourcing key business functions to third parties heightens the risks faced by our businesses," below.

        Financial
market issues may also result in a lower return on our financial investments, and a lower value on some of our assets. Alternately, inflation could accelerate, which could lead
to higher interest rates, increasing our costs of raising capital. Uncertainties around future central bank and other economic

22

Table of Contents

policies
in the US and EU, as well as high debt levels in certain other countries, could also impact world trade. Sudden increases in economic, currency or financial market volatility in different
countries have also impacted, and may continue to unpredictably impact, our business and results of operations, including the conversion of our operating results into our reporting currency, the US
dollar, as well as the value of our investments in our pension plans. See "—Foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our earnings and the value of some of our assets," above, and
"—If any of numerous key assumptions and estimates in calculating our pension plan obligations turn out to
be different from our actual experience, we may be required to increase substantially our contributions to pension plans as well as the amount we pay toward pension-related expenses in the future,"
below. See also "—Our business is affected by pressures on pricing and reimbursement for our products," above, and "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects—Item 5.B Liquidity and Capital Resources—Effects of Currency Fluctuations."

        There
is also a risk that countries facing local financial difficulties, including countries experiencing high inflation rates and highly indebted countries facing large capital
outflows, may impose controls on the exchange of foreign currency. Such exchange controls could limit our ability to distribute retained earnings from our local affiliates, or to pay intercompany
payables due from those countries. See also "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.B Liquidity and Capital Resources—Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets," and "Note 14. Trade receivables" and "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017"
furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        Similarly,
increased scrutiny of corporate taxes and executive pay may lead to significant business disruptions or other adverse business conditions, and may interfere with our ability
to attract and retain qualified personnel. See "—Changes in tax laws or their application could adversely affect our results of operations" and "—An inability to attract and
retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business" below.

        To
the extent that economic and financial conditions directly affect consumers, some of our businesses, including the elective surgical and contact lens businesses of our Alcon Division,
may be particularly sensitive to declines in consumer spending. In addition, our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions may not be immune to declines in consumer spending, particularly given the
requirements in certain countries that patients directly pay an increasingly large contribution toward their own healthcare costs. As a result, there is a risk that consumers may cut back on
prescription drugs and medical devices to help cope with rising costs.

        At
the same time, significant changes and potential future volatility in the financial markets, in the consumer and business environment, in the competitive landscape and in the global
political and security landscape make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our revenues and earnings into the future. As a result, any revenue or earnings guidance or outlook which we have
given or might give may be overtaken by events, or may otherwise turn out to be inaccurate. Though we endeavor to give reasonable estimates of future revenues and earnings at the time we give such
guidance, based on then-current knowledge and conditions, there is a significant risk that such guidance or outlook will turn out to be, or to have been, incorrect.

        Separately
and collectively, such factors may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and, if circumstances worsen, our ability to
raise capital at reasonable rates.

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our operations.

        As of December 31, 2017 we had $23.2 billion of non-current financial debt and $5.3 billion of current financial debt. Our
current and long-term debt requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service interest and principal payments and, if interest rates rise, this amount may increase. In addition, our
existing debt may limit our ability to engage in transactions or otherwise may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt. We may also have difficulty
refinancing our

23

Table of Contents

existing
debt or incurring new debt on terms that we would consider to be commercially reasonable, if at all.

Our reliance on outsourcing key business functions to third parties heightens the risks faced by our
businesses.

        We outsource the performance of certain key business functions to third parties, and invest a significant amount of effort and resources into
doing so. Such outsourced functions can include research and development collaborations, manufacturing operations, warehousing and distribution activities, certain finance functions, marketing
activities, data management and others. In particular, in many developing countries, we rely heavily on third party distributors and other agents for the sales, marketing and distribution of our
products. Similarly, we often obtain the intermediate and raw materials used in the manufacture of our products from third parties located in developing countries.

        Our
reliance on outsourcing and third parties for certain functions, such as the research and development or manufacturing of our products, may reduce the potential profitability of such
products.

        In
addition, governments and the public are increasingly placing pressure on major corporations, including Novartis, to take responsibility for compliance with human rights and
appropriate environmental practices, as well as other actions, of their third party contractors around the world. Examples of this include the Conflict Minerals rule in the US, and the UK Modern
Slavery Act.

        We
place strict contractual requirements on such contractors to comply with law and with our high standards. We also expend significant resources on efforts to screen out inappropriate
contractors, to monitor the activities of those we have retained, and to seek their compliance with the law and our expectations. Nonetheless, many of these companies have limited resources, and, in
particular, do not have internal compliance resources comparable to those within our organization.

        Ultimately,
if the third parties fail to meet their obligations to us, we may lose our investment in the collaborations and fail to receive the expected benefits. In addition, should any
of these third parties fail to comply with the law or should they act inappropriately in the course of their performance of services for us, there is a risk that we could be held responsible for their
acts, that our reputation may suffer, and that penalties may be imposed upon us. Any such failures by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or reputation.

Intense competition from patented and generic pharmaceuticals companies, as well as failure to obtain
marketing exclusivity periods for new generic products, or to successfully develop biosimilars and other differentiated products, may have a material adverse effect on the success of our Sandoz
Division.

        Our Sandoz Division faces intense competition from companies that market patented pharmaceutical products, which sometimes take aggressive steps
to prevent or delay the introduction of generic medicines, to limit the availability of exclusivity periods or to reduce their value. At the same time, Sandoz faces strong competition from other
generic pharmaceutical companies, which aggressively compete for exclusivity periods and for market share of generic products that may be identical to our generic products, including through
significant price competition. In the US in 2017, industry-wide price competition among generic pharmaceutical companies significantly hurt Sandoz sales. More generally, such competitive actions by
other patented and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers may increase the costs and risks associated with our efforts to introduce generic products, and may delay or entirely prevent their introduction
and marketing. Such activities may further limit the prices at which we are able to sell these products and impact our results of operations.

        In
addition, the division achieves significant revenue opportunities when it secures and maintains exclusivity periods granted for generic products in certain
markets—particularly the 180-day exclusivity period granted in the US by the Hatch-Waxman Act for first-to-file generics—and when it is able to develop biosimilars and other
differentiated products with few, if any, generic competitors. Failure to obtain and maintain these market opportunities could have an adverse effect on the success of Sandoz.

24

Table of Contents

        Sandoz
has also invested heavily in the development of biosimilar drugs, despite the fact that regulations concerning their approval, marketing and sale in certain countries, including
in the US, are still under development or not entirely clear. If such regulations do not ultimately favor the development and sale of biosimilar products, then we may fail to achieve expected returns
on the investments by Sandoz in the development of biosimilars. See also "—Our research and development efforts may not succeed in bringing new products to market, or may fail to do so in
a cost-efficient manner, or in a manner sufficient to grow our business and replace lost revenue and income" above, with regard to the risks involved in our efforts to develop differentiated generic
products, and "—Failure to comply with law, legal proceedings and government investigations may have a significant negative effect on our results of operations" above, with regard to the
risks of damages involved in our efforts to market generic versions of patented products.

If any of numerous key assumptions and estimates in calculating our pension plan obligations turn out to be
different from our actual experience, we may be required to increase substantially our contributions to pension plans as well as the amount we pay toward pension-related expenses in the future.

        We sponsor pension and other post-employment benefit plans in various forms. These plans cover a significant portion of our current and former
associates. While most of our plans are now defined contribution plans, certain of our associates remain under defined benefits plans. For these defined benefits plans, we are required to make
significant assumptions and estimates about future events in calculating the present value of expected future plan expenses and liabilities. These include assumptions used to determine the discount
rates we apply to estimated future liabilities and rates of future compensation increases. Assumptions and estimates used by Novartis may differ materially from the actual results we experience in the
future, due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates, or longer or shorter life spans of participants, among other variables. For example, in 2017, a decrease in
the interest rate we apply in determining the present value of expected future defined benefit obligations of one-quarter of one percent would have increased our year-end defined benefit pension
obligation for plans in Switzerland, US, UK, Germany and Japan, which represent nearly 94% of the Group total defined benefit pension obligation, by $0.8 billion. Any differences between our
assumptions and estimates and our actual experience could require us to make additional contributions to our pension funds. Further, additional employer contributions might be required if plan funding
falls below the levels required by local rules. Either such event could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For more information on obligations under
retirement and other post-employment benefit plans and underlying actuarial assumptions, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.A Operating
Results—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Retirement and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans" and "Note 24. Post-employment benefits for associates" in the
"Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018. See also "—Political and economic instability may have a material adverse
effect on our results" above.

Changes in tax laws or their application could adversely affect our results of operations.

        Our worldwide operations are taxed under the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. However, the integrated nature of our worldwide
operations can produce conflicting claims from revenue authorities in different countries as to the profits to be taxed in the individual countries, including disputes relating to transfer pricing.
The majority of the jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues
and capital gains. However, mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims are largely untried, and can be expected to be very lengthy.

        In
recent years, tax authorities around the world have increased their scrutiny of company tax filings, and have become more rigid in exercising any discretion they may have. As part of
this, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has proposed a number of tax law changes under

25

Table of Contents

its
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plans to address issues of transparency, coherence and substance.

        At
the same time, the European Commission is finalizing its Anti Tax Avoidance Directive, which seeks to prevent tax avoidance by companies and to ensure that companies pay appropriate
taxes in the markets where profits are effectively made and business is effectively performed. The European Commission also continues to extend the application of its policies seeking to limit fiscal
aid by Member States to particular companies, and the related investigation of the Member States' practices regarding the issuance of rulings on tax matters relating to individual companies.

        These
OECD and EU tax reform initiatives also need local country implementation, including in our home country of Switzerland, which may result in significant changes to established tax
principles. Although we have taken steps to be in compliance with the evolving OECD and EU tax initiatives, and will continue to do so, significant uncertainties remain as to the outcome of these
efforts.

        In
addition, in the United States, the president on December 22, 2017, signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which includes substantial changes to the US taxation of
individuals and businesses. Although the new law substantially decreased tax rates applicable to corporations in the US, we do not yet know what all of the consequences of this new statute will be,
including whether the law will have any unintended consequences. In particular, significant uncertainties remain as to how the US government will implement the new law, including with respect to the
tax qualification of interest deductions, the concept of a territorial tax regime, royalty payments and cost of goods sold.

        In
general, such tax reform efforts, including with respect to tax base or rate, transfer pricing, intercompany dividends, cross border transactions, controlled corporations, and
limitations on tax relief allowed on the interest on intercompany debt, will require us to continually assess our organizational structure against tax policy trends, and could lead to an increased
risk of international tax disputes and an increase in our effective tax rate, and could adversely affect our financial results.

Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and reputation.

        Our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit
products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Counterfeit products are frequently unsafe or ineffective, and can potentially be life-threatening. To distributors and patients,
counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. Reports of product ineffectiveness or adverse reactions to counterfeit drugs, or increased levels of counterfeiting
could materially affect patient confidence in the authentic product, and harm the business of companies such as ours or lead to litigation. In addition, it is possible that adverse events caused by
unsafe counterfeit products could mistakenly be attributed to the authentic product. If a product of ours was the subject of counterfeits, we could incur substantial reputational and financial harm.

Ongoing consolidation among our distributors and retailers is increasing both the purchasing leverage of key
customers and the concentration of credit risk.

        Increasingly, a significant portion of our global sales are made to a relatively small number of drug wholesalers, retail chains and other
purchasing organizations. For example, our three most important customers globally are all in the US, and accounted for approximately 17%, 12% and 7%, respectively, of Group net sales in 2017. The
largest trade receivables outstanding were for these three customers, amounting to 14%, 9% and 5%, respectively, of the Group's trade receivables at December 31, 2017. The trend has been toward
further consolidation among distributors and retailers, both in the US and internationally. As a result, our customers are gaining additional purchasing leverage, which increases the pricing pressures
facing our businesses. Moreover, we are exposed to a concentration of credit risk as a result of this concentration among our customers. If one
or more of our major customers experienced financial difficulties, the effect on us would be substantially greater than in the past, and could include a

26

Table of Contents

substantial
loss of sales and an inability to collect amounts owed to us. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

An inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business.

        We highly depend upon skilled personnel in key parts of our organization, and we invest heavily in recruiting, training and retaining qualified
individuals, including significant efforts to enhance the diversity of our workforce. The loss of the service of key members of our organization—including senior members of our scientific
and management teams, high-quality researchers and development specialists, and skilled personnel in developing countries—could delay or prevent the achievement of major business
objectives.

        Our
future growth will demand talented associates and leaders, yet the market for talent has become increasingly competitive. In particular, emerging growth markets are expected to
continue to be an important source of growth, but in many of these countries there is a limited pool of executives with the training and international experience needed to work successfully in a
global organization like Novartis.

        In
addition, shifting demographic trends are expected to result in fewer students, fewer graduates and fewer people entering the workforce in the Western world in the next
10 years. Moreover, many members of younger generations around the world have changing expectations toward careers, engagement and the integration of work in their overall lifestyles.

        The
supply of talent for certain key functional and leadership positions is decreasing, and a talent gap is visible for some professions and geographies—engineers in Germany,
for example. Recruitment is increasingly regional or global in specialized fields such as clinical development, biosciences, chemistry and information technology. In addition, the geographic mobility
of talent is expected to decrease in the future, with talented individuals in developed and developing countries anticipating ample career opportunities closer to home than in the past. This decrease
in mobility may be worsened by anti-immigrant sentiments in many countries, and laws discouraging immigration. See
"—Political and economic instability may have a material adverse effect on our results" above.

        In
addition, our ability to hire qualified personnel also depends on the flexibility to reward superior performance and to pay competitive compensation. Laws and regulations on executive
compensation, including legislation in our home country, Switzerland, may restrict our ability to attract, motivate and retain the required level of qualified personnel.

        We
face intense competition for an increasingly limited pool of qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities, other
research institutions, other companies seeking to enter the healthcare space, and companies in other industries. As a result, despite significant efforts on our part, we may be unable to attract and
retain qualified individuals in sufficient numbers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Environmental liabilities may adversely impact our results of operations.

        The environmental laws of various jurisdictions impose actual and potential obligations on us to remediate contaminated sites, in some cases
over many years. While we have set aside substantial provisions for worldwide environmental liabilities, there is no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred beyond the amounts for which
we have provided in the Group consolidated financial statements. If environmental contamination caused by us adversely impact third parties, if we fail to properly manage the safety of our facilities
and the environmental risks, or if we are required to further increase our provisions for environmental liabilities in the future, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and on our reputation. See also "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.D Property, Plants and Equipment—Environmental
Matters" and "Note 19. Provisions and other non-current liabilities" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

27

Table of Contents

Extreme weather events, earthquakes and other natural disasters could adversely affect our business.

        In recent years, extreme weather events and changing weather patterns such as storms, flooding, drought, and temperature changes, appear to have
become more common. We operate in countries around the world. As a result, we are potentially exposed to varying natural disaster or extreme weather risks like hurricanes, tornadoes or floods, or
other events that may result from the impact of climate change on the environment. As a result of such events, we could experience business interruptions, destruction of facilities and loss of life,
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

        In
addition, our corporate headquarters, the headquarters of our Innovative Medicines Division, and certain of our major Innovative Medicines Division production and research facilities
are located near earthquake fault lines in Basel, Switzerland. Other major facilities are located near major earthquake fault lines in various locations around the world. In the event of a major
earthquake, we could experience business interruptions, destruction of facilities and loss of life, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. See also "—The manufacture of our products is highly regulated and complex, and may result in a variety of issues that could increase our cost of goods and lead to extended
supply disruptions and significant liability," above.

Risks Related To Our ADRs

The price of our ADRs and the US dollar value of any dividends may be negatively affected by fluctuations in
the US dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate.

        Our American Depositary Shares (ADSs) each representing one Novartis share and evidenced by American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) trade on the
NYSE in US dollars. Since the shares underlying the ADRs are listed in Switzerland on the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX) and trade in Swiss francs, the value of the ADRs may be affected by fluctuations in
the US dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate. In addition, since dividends that we may declare will be denominated in Swiss francs, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the US dollar equivalent of
dividends received by holders of ADRs. If the value of the Swiss franc decreases against the US dollar, the price at which our ADRs
trade may—and the value of the US dollar equivalent of any dividend will—decrease accordingly.

Holders of ADRs may not be able to exercise preemptive rights attached to shares underlying ADRs.

        Under Swiss law, shareholders have preemptive rights to subscribe for issuances of new shares on a
pro
rata
 basis. Shareholders may waive their preemptive rights in respect of any offering at a general meeting of shareholders. Preemptive rights, if not previously waived, are
transferable during the subscription period relating to a particular offering of shares and may be quoted on the SIX. US holders of ADRs may not be able to exercise the preemptive rights attached to
the shares underlying their ADRs unless a registration statement under the US Securities Act of 1933 is effective with respect to such rights and the related shares, or an exemption from this
registration requirement is available. In deciding whether to file such a registration statement, we would evaluate the related costs and potential liabilities, as well as the benefits of enabling the
exercise by ADR holders of the preemptive rights associated with the shares underlying their ADRs. We cannot guarantee that a registration statement would be filed, or, if filed, that it would be
declared effective. If preemptive rights could not be exercised by an ADR holder, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary, would, if possible, sell the holder's preemptive rights and distribute the
net proceeds of the sale to the holder. If the depositary determines, in its discretion, that the rights could not be sold, the depositary might allow such rights to lapse. In either case, the
interest of ADR holders in Novartis would be diluted and, if the depositary allowed rights to lapse, holders of ADRs would not realize any value from the preemptive rights.

28

Table of Contents

  Item 4.    Information on the Company

4.A History and Development of Novartis

Novartis AG

        Novartis AG was incorporated on February 29, 1996 under the laws of Switzerland as a stock corporation
(
Aktiengesellschaft
) with an indefinite duration. On December 20, 1996, our predecessor companies, Ciba-Geigy AG and Sandoz AG, merged into this
new entity, creating Novartis. We are domiciled in and governed by the laws of Switzerland. Our registered office is located at the following address:

Novartis
AG

Lichtstrasse 35

CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland

Telephone: 011-41-61-324-1111

Web: www.novartis.com

        Novartis
is a multinational group of companies specializing in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of healthcare products led by innovative
pharmaceuticals. Novartis AG, our Swiss holding company, owns, directly or indirectly, all of our significant operating companies. For a list of our significant operating subsidiaries, see
"Note 31. Principal Group subsidiaries and associated companies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

Important Corporate Developments 2015-January 2018

2018
January   Novartis announces that it had successfully completed its previously-announced tender offer for all of the then outstanding ordinary shares, including ordinary shares represented by American Depositary Shares (ADSs), of Advanced Accelerator
 Applications S.A. (AAA). As of the expiration of the offer on January 19, 2018, approximately 97% of the then outstanding fully diluted ordinary shares, including ordinary shares represented by ADSs, were validly tendered. In addition, on
 January 22, 2018, we commenced a subsequent offering period which will expire on January 31, 2018, unless extended. AAA is a NASDAQ-listed radiopharmaceutical company that develops, produces and commercializes molecular nuclear medicines
 including Lutathera (lutetium ( 177 Lu) oxodotreotide), a first-in-class radioligand therapy product for neuroendocrine tumors.
We announce an exclusive global collaboration between Sandoz and Biocon to develop, manufacture and commercialize multiple biosimilars in immunology and oncology.
Novartis announces that Elizabeth (Liz) Barrett has been appointed CEO Novartis Oncology and a member of the Executive Committee of Novartis (ECN), effective February 1, 2018. Mrs. Barrett succeeds Bruno Strigini who decided to retire from
 Novartis for personal reasons.
2017
November   Novartis announces an expanded collaboration with Amgen and the Banner Alzheimer's Institute to collaborate on a new Generation Study 2 to assess whether investigational BACE1 inhibitor CNP520 can prevent or delay the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease
 in a high-risk population.

29

Table of Contents

October   Novartis announces that it has made significant progress in its ongoing strategic review of the Alcon Division and has examined all options, ranging from retaining the business to a capital markets solution (e.g., an IPO or a spin-off). As part of
 this, we updated Alcon's strategic plan which confirms that it has the potential to grow sales at or above market while delivering profitability at least in line with the industry. Key criteria for a final decision and timing remain continued Alcon
 sales growth and margin improvement which need to be demonstrated for multiple quarters leading to potential action not likely before the first half of 2019.
Novartis announces that its over-the-counter ophthalmic products and certain surgical diagnostic products will transfer from the Innovative Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective January 1, 2018.
September   Novartis announces a collaboration with UC Berkeley to establish the Novartis-Berkeley Center for Proteomics and Chemistry Technologies.
Novartis announces that, effective February 1, 2018, Vasant (Vas) Narasimhan, M.D., will succeed Joseph Jimenez as CEO of Novartis, who had indicated his desire to retire after eight years. Robert Kowalski, Pharm.D., Head of Global Regulatory
 Affairs, will assume ad-interim leadership of our Global Drug Development organization, effective February 1, 2018.
August   Novartis announces that, effective January 1, 2018, Bertrand Bodson has been appointed to the new role of Chief Digital Officer, reporting to the CEO of Novartis. Mr. Bodson is responsible for creating and executing a company-wide digital
 strategy. As part of this strategy, we plan to improve the ways we use data in drug discovery and development, engage with patients, doctors and other stakeholders, as well as to automate business processes.
June   Novartis announces that it has entered into a clinical research collaboration in which Bristol-Myers Squibb is to investigate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of Mekinist (trametinib) in
 combination with Opdivo® (nivolumab) and Opdivo® + Yervoy® (ipilimumab) regimen as a potential treatment option for metastatic colorectal cancer in patients with microsatellite stable tumors where the tumors are proficient in
 mismatch repair (MSS mCRC pMMR).
Novartis announces a collaboration with IBM Watson Health to explore development of a cognitive solution that uses real-world data and advanced analytical techniques with the aim to provide better insights on the expected outcomes of breast cancer
 treatment options.
May   Novartis announces the launch of Better Hearts Better Cities, an innovative initiative to address the high rates of high blood pressure in low-income urban communities.
April   Novartis announces an expanded collaboration agreement with Amgen to co-commercialize erenumab (AMG 334) in the US, currently being investigated for the prevention of migraine. This agreement builds on the previously-announced 2015 global
 collaboration between Novartis and Amgen.
Novartis announces that it has entered into a clinical trial agreement with Allergan plc to conduct a Phase IIb study, involving the combination of a Novartis FXR agonist and Allergan's cenicriviroc for the treatment of non-alcoholic
 steatohepatitis (NASH).
Novartis announces that is has exercised an option to in-license ECF843, a recombinant form of human lubricin from Lubris, LLC, for ophthalmic indications worldwide (outside Europe). This transaction closed and Novartis received its exclusive
 license on April 21, 2017.
March   Novartis completes euro-denominated bond offerings in an amount equivalent to approximately $2 billion.

30

Table of Contents

February   Novartis completes a $3 billion bond offering under its US SEC Registration Statement on Form F-3.
January   Novartis announces that it is considering options for the Alcon Division. The review will explore all options, ranging from retaining all or part of the business to separation via a capital markets transaction (e.g., IPO or spin-off), in order
 to determine how to best maximize value for our shareholders.
Novartis announces that it is initiating a share buyback of up to $5.0 billion in 2017 under existing shareholder authority.
Novartis announces that it has entered into a collaboration and option agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Ionis), and its affiliate Akcea Therapeutics, Inc. (Akcea), to license two investigational treatments with the potential to
 significantly reduce cardiovascular risk in patients suffering from high levels of lipoproteins known as Lp(a) and ApoCIII. In addition, Novartis entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ionis and Akcea. This transaction was completed on
 February 14, 2017.
2016
December   Novartis announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Encore Vision, Inc., a privately-held company focused on the development of UNR844 (formerly EV06), an investigational, first-in-class potentially disease
 modifying topical treatment for presbyopia. This acquisition was completed on January 20, 2017.
Novartis announces the signing of an exclusive option, collaboration and license agreement with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc., for the global rights to emricasan, an investigational, first-in-class, oral, pan-caspase inhibitor for the treatment
 of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with advanced fibrosis and cirrhosis of the liver. Novartis exercised the option on May 4, 2017. Novartis obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize products containing
 emricasan on July 5, 2017.
Novartis announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Ziarco Group Limited, a privately held company focused on the development of novel treatments in dermatology including ZPL389, a once-daily oral H 4 receptor antagonist in development for atopic dermatitis. This acquisition was completed on January 20, 2017.
November   Novartis announces that it has acquired Reprixys Pharmaceuticals Corporation and SEG101 (crizanlizumab) for reduction of pain crises in sickle cell disease.
September   Novartis completes two euro (EUR) denominated bond offerings totaling EUR 1.75 billion.
June   Novartis announces that it has entered into a collaboration and licensing agreement with Xencor for the development of bispecific antibodies for treating cancer.
Novartis announces that it will further expand its long-standing partnership with Medicines for Malaria Venture. Novartis will lead the development of antimalarial compound KAF156 with scientific and financial support from Medicines for Malaria
 Venture in collaboration with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
May   Novartis announces changes to focus its Pharmaceuticals Division by creating two business units: Novartis Pharmaceuticals and Novartis Oncology. These business units form the Innovative Medicines Division of Novartis. The CEO of each business unit
 reports directly to the CEO of Novartis and both joined the ECN effective July 1, 2016.
February   Shareholders authorize the Novartis Board of Directors to execute share buybacks within the framework of a seventh share repurchase program that will allow Novartis to repurchase shares for cancellation up to a maximum of
 CHF 10 billion.

31

Table of Contents

Novartis announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Transcend Medical, Inc., a privately-held, US-based company focused on developing minimally-invasive surgical devices to treat glaucoma, such as the CyPass Micro-Stent. This acquisition was completed on March 23, 2016.
Novartis announces that it has acquired from Pfizer the rights for the development and commercialization of PF-06438179 (biosimilar infliximab) in the European Economic Area.
January   Novartis announces leadership changes effective February 1, 2016. Mike Ball has been appointed Division Head and CEO Alcon, succeeding Jeff George; Dr. Vas Narasimhan has been appointed Global Head Drug Development and Chief Medical
 Officer, a new position in the ECN; and André Wyss has been appointed President, Novartis Operations.
Novartis announces that it is taking a number of steps to further build on its strategy, including focusing the Alcon Division on its Surgical and Vision Care franchises and strengthening the ophthalmic medicines business by transferring Alcon's
 Ophthalmic Pharmaceuticals products to the Innovative Medicines Division, and by shifting selected mature, non-promoted pharmaceutical products from the Innovative Medicines Division into the Sandoz Division, which changes were operationally
 completed as of April 1, 2016; and by centralizing manufacturing operations across divisions within a single technical operations unit; increasing Group-wide coordination of drug development by establishing a single Global Head of Drug
 Development and centralizing certain common functions such as the Chief Medical Office, which changes were operationally completed as of July 1, 2016.
Novartis announces a collaboration and licensing agreement with Surface Oncology, which gives Novartis access to four pre-clinical programs in immuno-oncology.
2015
November   Novartis completes a $3 billion bond offering under its US SEC Registration Statement on Form F-3.
October   Novartis announces the acquisition of Admune Therapeutics LLC to broaden its portfolio of cancer immunotherapies.
September   Novartis announces the appointment of Dr. James E. Bradner as President of the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research and a member of the ECN, effective March 1, 2016, concurrent with the retirement of Dr. Mark C. Fishman, who
 reached his contractual retirement age in March 2016.
Novartis announces the launch of Novartis Access, a portfolio of affordable medicines to treat chronic diseases in lower-income countries offered to governments, non-governmental organizations and other public-sector healthcare providers for $1 per
 treatment, per month.
Novartis announces that it has entered into a global collaboration with Amgen to commercialize and develop neuroscience treatments.
August   Novartis announces an agreement to acquire all remaining rights to GSK's ofatumumab to develop treatments for multiple sclerosis and other autoimmune indications. This transaction was completed on December 21, 2015.
July   Novartis announces a swap of three mid-stage clinical assets for equity and a share of milestones and royalties on future commercial sales with Mereo BioPharma Group Limited.
June   Novartis announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Spinifex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a US and Australian-based, privately held development stage company focused on developing a peripheral approach to treat neuropathic pain such
 as EMA401, a novel angiotensin II Type 2 receptor (AT2R) antagonist. This acquisition was completed on July 24, 2015.

32

Table of Contents

March   Novartis announces entry into an alliance with Aduro Biotech focused on discovery and development of next-generation cancer immunotherapies targeting the STING signaling pathway, and the launch of a new immuno-oncology research group.
February   Novartis completes a CHF 1.375 billion bond offering listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.

        For
information on our principal expenditures on property, plants and equipment, see "Item 4. Information on the Company—4.D Property, Plants and Equipment." For
information on our significant expenditures in research and development, see the sections headed "Research and Development" included in the descriptions of our Innovative Medicines Division and Alcon
Division, and the section headed "Development and Registration" included in the description of our Sandoz Division under "Item 4. Information on the Company—4.B Business Overview."
For information on other principal capital expenditures and divestitures, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.A Operating
Results—Factors Affecting Comparability of Year-On-Year Results of Operations."

4.B Business Overview

OVERVIEW

        Novartis provides healthcare solutions that address the evolving needs of patients and societies worldwide. Our broad portfolio includes
innovative pharmaceuticals and oncology medicines, generic and biosimilar medicines and eye care devices. Our mission is to discover new ways to improve and extend people's lives. Our vision is to be
a trusted leader in changing the practice of medicine. Our strategy is to use science-based innovation to deliver better patient outcomes in growing areas of healthcare.

        Following
the completion of a series of transactions in 2014 and 2015, the Group's continuing operations comprise three global operating divisions, Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and
Alcon. We also separately report the results of Corporate activities. The disclosure in this Form 20-F focuses on these continuing operations unless otherwise specified. From March 2,
2015, the date of the completion of a series of transactions with GSK, continuing operations also includes the results from the oncology
assets acquired from GSK and the 36.5% interest in GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. for the period from March 2015 (the latter reported as an investment in associated companies). We sold
on March 2, 2015, our Vaccines Division, excluding our influenza vaccines business, to GSK. Our influenza vaccines business was sold on July 31, 2015 to CSL and our Animal Health
Division was sold on January 1, 2015 to Lilly.

Continuing Operations:

•
 Innovative Medicines: Innovative patent-protected prescription medicines

•
 Sandoz: Generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars

•
 Alcon: Surgical and vision care products

•
 Corporate activities

33

Table of Contents

Discontinued Operations:

•
 Vaccines and Diagnostics: Preventive human vaccines and blood-testing diagnostics

•
 Consumer Health: OTC (over-the-counter medicines) and Animal Health

•
 Corporate: certain transactional and other expenses related to the portfolio transformation

        Novartis
has leading positions globally in the areas of each of our three divisions. To maintain our competitive positioning across these segments of the healthcare industry, we place a
strong focus on innovating to meet the evolving needs of patients around the world, working to grow our presence in new and emerging markets, and to enhance our productivity to invest for the future
and increase returns to shareholders. The financial results of our continuing Corporate activities include the costs of the Group headquarters and those of corporate coordination functions in major
countries. In addition, Corporate includes other items of income and expense that are not attributable to specific segments such as certain revenues from intellectual property rights and certain
expenses related to post-employment benefits, environmental remediation liabilities, charitable activities, donations and sponsorships.

        In
January 2018, we announced that Elizabeth (Liz) Barrett has been appointed CEO Novartis Oncology and a member of the ECN, effective February 1, 2018. Mrs. Barrett
succeeds Bruno Strigini who decided to retire from Novartis for personal reasons.

        In
September 2017, we announced that Joseph Jimenez, CEO of Novartis, informed the Board of Directors of his desire to step down as CEO in 2018, after eight years in the position. The
Board of Directors has appointed Vasant (Vas) Narasimhan, M.D., Global Head of Drug Development and Chief Medical Officer, as CEO of Novartis, effective February 1, 2018. Dr. Narasimhan
is a member of the ECN and joined Novartis in 2005.

        In
August 2017, we announced that, effective January 1, 2018, Bertrand Bodson has been appointed to the new role of Chief Digital Officer, reporting to the CEO of Novartis.
Mr. Bodson is responsible for creating and executing a company-wide digital strategy. As part of this strategy, we plan to improve the ways we use data in drug discovery and development, engage
with patients, doctors and other stakeholders, as well as to automate business processes.

        In
early 2017, we announced a strategic review of our Alcon Division in order to explore all options to maximize value for our shareholders. We have made significant progress in our
ongoing strategic review and have examined all options, ranging from retaining the business to a capital markets solution (e.g., an IPO or a spin-off). As part of this, we have updated Alcon's
strategic plan which confirms that it has the potential to grow sales at or above market while delivering profitability at least in line with the industry. We have also made significant progress on
developing a potential capital markets solution, including financial carve-outs, tax and legal entity structuring, and identifying listing and incorporation locations. Key criteria for a final
decision and timing remain continued Alcon sales growth and margin improvement which need to be demonstrated for multiple quarters leading to potential action not likely before first half of 2019.

        In
addition, we transferred our over-the-counter ophthalmic products and certain surgical diagnostic products (2017 sales of approximately $0.8 billion) from the Innovative
Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective January 1, 2018. Our prescription Ophthalmic medicines business remains with the Innovative Medicines Division. In compliance with IFRS,
beginning with our first quarter 2018 results, Novartis will update its segment financial information to reflect this transfer, both for the current and prior years, to aid comparability of
year-on-year results.

        The
Group is organized into three divisions, Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and Alcon, as well as Corporate activities. Our divisions are supported by the following cross-divisional
organizational units: Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Global Drug Development and Novartis Operations, which includes Novartis Technical Operations, Novartis Business Services and
Novartis Corporate Affairs.

34

Table of Contents

        The
Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) is the innovation engine of Novartis, which conducts drug discovery research and early clinical development trials for our
Innovative Medicines Division and also collaborates with our Sandoz Division. Approximately 6,000 full-time equivalent scientists and associates at NIBR are working to discover new medicines for
various diseases at sites located in the US, Switzerland and China. For more information about NIBR, see "—Innovative Medicines—Research and Development—Research
program," below.

        Our
Global Drug Development (GDD) organization oversees all drug development activities for our Innovative Medicines Division and the biosimilars portfolio of our Sandoz Division.
Development of products for the Surgical and Vision Care franchises within our Alcon Division and of small molecule generics for our Sandoz Division are not included in GDD. GDD works collaboratively
with NIBR, Innovative Medicines and Sandoz to execute our overall pipeline strategy and takes an enterprise approach to pipeline portfolio management. GDD incorporates centralized global functions
such as Regulatory Affairs and Global Development Operations, as well as Global Development units aligned with our business franchises. GDD was created to increase Group-wide coordination of drug
development and to improve resource allocation, technology implementation and process standardization with a goal of further increasing innovation. GDD includes approximately 10,000 full-time
equivalent associates worldwide.

        Novartis
Technical Operations (NTO) was established to centralize management of our manufacturing operations across our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions, with a goal of further
improving efficiency. Manufacturing for Alcon's Surgical and Vision Care franchises continues to be managed by our Alcon Division. NTO is expected to optimize capacity planning and adherence to
quality standards, and to lower costs through simplification, standardization and external spend optimization. Centralization is also expected to improve our ability to develop next generation
technologies, implement continuous manufacturing and share best practices across divisions. NTO includes approximately 26,900 full-time equivalent associates and 68 manufacturing sites across our
Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions.

        Novartis
Business Services (NBS), our shared service organization, delivers integrated solutions to all Novartis divisions and units worldwide. NBS seeks to drive efficiency and
effectiveness across Novartis by simplifying and standardizing services across six service domains: human resources, real estate and facility services, procurement, information technology, commercial
and medical support activities, and financial reporting and accounting operations. NBS has approximately 10,870 full-time equivalent associates in more than 50 countries. NBS works to leverage the
full scale of Novartis to create value across the company and to free up resources to invest in innovation and our product pipeline. NBS continues to transfer the delivery of selected services to its
five Global Service Centers in Dublin, Ireland; Hyderabad, India; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; Mexico City, Mexico; and Prague, Czech Republic.

        In
2017, our Public Affairs and Group Country Management organizations were combined to form Novartis Corporate Affairs to better enable close collaboration among country presidents,
unit heads and Public Affairs.

        In
2017, Novartis continuing operations achieved net sales of $49.1 billion, while net income from continuing operations amounted to $7.7 billion. Of total net sales from
continuing operations, $12.4 billion, or 25%, came from Emerging Growth Markets, and $36.7 billion, or 75%, came from Established Markets. Emerging Growth Markets comprise all markets
other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Research & Development expenditure in 2017 amounted to $9.0 billion.

        Headquartered
in Basel, Switzerland, our Group companies employed 121,597 full-time equivalent associates as of December 31, 2017. Our products are sold in approximately 155
countries around the world.

35

Table of Contents

Innovative Medicines Division

        Our Innovative Medicines Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells patented prescription medicines to enhance health
outcomes for patients and health-care providers. Innovative Medicines is organized into two global business units: Novartis Oncology and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Novartis Pharmaceuticals consists of
the global business franchises Ophthalmology, Immunology and Dermatology, Neuroscience, Respiratory, Cardio-Metabolic and Established Medicines.

        In
2017, the Innovative Medicines Division accounted for $33.0 billion, or 67%, of Group net sales, and for $7.8 billion, or 87%, of Group operating income (excluding
Corporate income and expense, net).

Sandoz Division

        Our Sandoz Division develops, manufactures, distributes and sells prescription medicines, as well as pharmaceutical active substances that are
not protected by valid and enforceable third-party patents. Sandoz is organized globally in three franchises: Retail Generics, Anti-Infectives, and Biopharmaceuticals. In Retail Generics, Sandoz
develops, manufactures and markets active ingredients and finished dosage forms of pharmaceuticals to third parties. Retail Generics includes the areas of cardiovascular, central nervous system,
dermatology, gastrointestinal and hormonal therapies, metabolism, oncology, ophthalmics, pain, and respiratory, as well as finished dosage form anti-infectives sold to third parties. In
Anti-Infectives, Sandoz manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates—mainly antibiotics—for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale to third party
customers. In Biopharmaceuticals, Sandoz develops, manufactures and markets protein- or other biotechnology-based products, including biosimilars, and provides biotechnology manufacturing services to
other companies.

        In
2017, Sandoz accounted for $10.1 billion, or 21%, of Group net sales, and for $1.4 billion, or 15%, of Group operating income (excluding Corporate income and expense,
net).

Alcon Division

        Our Alcon Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells eye care products. Alcon is a global leader in eye care with
product offerings in eye care devices and vision care. Alcon is organized into two global business franchises: Surgical and Vision Care. The Surgical franchise includes technologies and devices for
cataract, retinal, glaucoma and refractive surgery, as well as intraocular lenses to treat cataracts and refractive errors, like presbyopia and astigmatism. Alcon also provides viscoelastics, surgical
solutions, surgical packs, and other disposable products for cataract and vitreoretinal surgery. The Vision Care franchise comprises daily disposable, monthly replacement, and color-enhancing contact
lenses, as well as a complete line of contact lens care products including multi-purpose and hydrogen-peroxide based solutions, rewetting drops and daily protein removers.

        In
2017, Alcon accounted for $6.0 billion, or 12%, of Group net sales, and for $–0.2 billion, or–2%, of Group operating income (excluding
Corporate income and expense, net).

INNOVATIVE MEDICINES

Overview

        Our Innovative Medicines Division is a world leader in offering innovation-driven, patent-protected medicines to patients and physicians. The
Innovative Medicines Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells patented pharmaceuticals, and is composed of two business units: Novartis Oncology and Novartis Pharmaceuticals.

        The
Novartis Oncology business unit is responsible for the commercialization of products in the areas of oncology and rare diseases. The Novartis Pharmaceuticals business unit is
organized into the following global business franchises responsible for the commercialization of various products in their respective

36

Table of Contents

therapeutic
areas: Ophthalmology, Immunology and Dermatology, Neuroscience, Respiratory, Cardio-Metabolic and Established Medicines.

        On
March 2, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the oncology products of GSK, together with certain related assets. In addition, we acquired a right of first negotiation over
the co-development or commercialization of GSK's current and future oncology R&D pipeline, excluding oncology vaccines.
The right of first negotiation is for a period of twelve and one half years from the acquisition closing date.

        Following
an internal reorganization announced on January 27, 2016, nineteen mature products were transferred from our Innovative Medicines Division to the Retail Generics
franchise of our Sandoz Division, and Alcon's Ophthalmic Pharmaceuticals products were transferred to our Innovative Medicines Division.

        In
addition, we transferred our over-the-counter ophthalmic products and certain surgical diagnostic products (2017 sales of approximately $0.8 billion) from the Innovative
Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective January 1, 2018. Our prescription Ophthalmic medicines business remains with the Innovative Medicines Division. In compliance with IFRS,
beginning with our first quarter 2018 results, Novartis will update its segment financial information to reflect this transfer, both for the current and prior years, to aid comparability of
year-on-year results.

        The
Innovative Medicines Division is the largest contributor among the divisions of Novartis and reported consolidated net sales of $33.0 billion in 2017, which represented 67% of
the Group's net sales.

        The
product portfolio of the Innovative Medicines Division includes more than 60 key marketed products, many of which are leaders in their respective therapeutic areas.

Innovative Medicines Division Products

        The following table and summaries describe certain key marketed products in our Innovative Medicines Division. While we typically seek to sell
our marketed products throughout the world, not all products and indications are currently available in every country. In addition, a product may be available under different brand names depending on
country and indication. Some of the products listed below have lost patent protection or are otherwise subject to generic competition. Others are subject to patent challenges by potential generic
competitors. Please see "—Intellectual Property" for general information on intellectual property and regulatory data protection, and for further information on the status of patents and
exclusivity for Innovative Medicines Division products.

Selected Marketed Products

Novartis Oncology Business Unit

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Oncology   Afinitor/Votubia and Afinitor Disperz/ Votubia dispersible tablets   everolimus   Postmenopausal women with advanced hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer in combination with exemestane after failure of treatment with letrozole or anastrozole   Tablet Dispersible tablet for oral suspension
Advanced renal cell carcinoma after failure of treatment with VEGF-targeted therapy
Advanced neuroendocrine tumors of gastrointestinal, lung or pancreatic origin
Renal angiomyolipoma associated with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) in patients not requiring immediate surgery
Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma associated with TSC in patients not requiring immediate surgery

37

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Adjunctive treatment of patients aged 2 years and older with TSC and refractory seizures
Arzerra   ofatumumab   Treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who are refractory to fludarabine and alemtuzumab In combination with an alkylator-based regimen for the
 treatment of patients with CLL who have not received prior therapy and are not eligible for fludarabine-based therapy Maintenance/extended treatment for patients with CLL
 who are in complete or partial response after at least two lines of induction therapy In combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for the treatment of patients with
 relapsed CLL   Intravenous infusion
Exjade and Jadenu   deferasirox   Chronic iron overload due to blood transfusions and non-transfusion dependent thalassemia   Dispersible tablet for oral suspension Oral film-coated tablet Granules
Farydak   panobinostat   Relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma, in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone, after at least two prior regimens including bortezomib and an immunomodulatory agent   Capsule
Femara   letrozole   Hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer in postmenopausal women following surgery (upfront adjuvant therapy) Early breast cancer in post-menopausal women following
 standard tamoxifen therapy (extended adjuvant therapy) Advanced breast cancer in post-menopausal women (both as first- and second-line therapies)   Tablet
Gleevec/Glivec   imatinib mesylate/ imatinib   Certain forms of Ph+ chronic myeloid leukemia Certain forms of KIT+ gastrointestinal stromal tumors Certain forms of acute lymphoblastic leukemia Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans Hypereosinophilic syndrome Aggressive systemic mastocytosis Myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative
 diseases   Tablet Capsule
Jakavi   ruxolitinib   Disease-related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary myelofibrosis (also known as chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis), post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis or post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis Polycythemia vera in adult patients who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea   Tablet
Kisqali   ribociclib   Postmenopausal women with hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer as initial endocrine-based therapy in combination with an aromatase
inhibitor   Tablet

38

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Kymriah   tisagenlecleucel   Patients up to 25 years of age with B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia that is refractory or in second or later relapse   Suspension for intravenous infusion
Promacta/Revolade   eltrombopag   Thrombocytopenia in adult and pediatric patients one year and older with chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia who have had insufficient response to corticosteroids or immunoglobulins Thrombocytopenia in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow initiation and maintenance of interferon-based therapy Severe aplastic anemia in patients as first-line therapy (in Japan) and second-line in patients who have had an insufficient response to immunosuppressive therapy (rest of world)   Film-coated tablet
Rydapt   midostaurin   In combination with standard cytarabine and daunorubicin induction and cytarabine consolidation chemotherapy, for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who are FLT3 mutation-positive, as detected by an FDA
 approved test. Rydapt is not indicated as a single-agent induction therapy for the treatment of patients with AML. For the
 treatment of adult patients with aggressive systemic mastocytosis, systemic mastocytosis with associated hematological neoplasm or mast cell leukemia   Capsule
Sandostatin LAR and Sandostatin SC   octreotide acetate   Acromegaly Symptom control for certain forms of neuroendocrine tumors Treatment of advanced
 neuroendocrine tumors of the midgut or of unknown primary origin   Vial Ampoule/pre-filled syringe
Signifor and Signifor LAR   pasireotide   Cushing's disease Acromegaly   Solution for subcutaneous injection in ampoule Powder and solvent for suspension for IM injection
Tafinlar + Mekinist   dabrafenib + trametinib   Unresectable or metastatic melanoma with BRAF V600E or V600K mutations as detected by a validated test Metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with BRAF V600E mutation as
 detected by a validated test   Capsule ( Tafinlar ) Tablet ( Mekinist )
Tasigna   nilotinib   Certain forms of chronic myeloid leukemia in patients resistant or intolerant to prior treatment including Gleevec/Glivec First-line chronic myeloid leukemia   Capsule

39

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Tykerb/Tyverb   lapatinib   In combination with capacitabine for the treatment of patients with HER2+ advanced or metastatic breast cancer who have progressed on prior trastuzumab therapy In
 combination with an aromatase inhibitor (specifically letrozole in US) for the treatment of patients with hormone sensitive metastatic breast cancer In combination with
 trastuzumab for patients with HR-negative metastatic disease that has progressed on prior trastuzumab therapy(ies) plus chemotherapy In combination with paclitaxel for first
 line treatment of patients with HER2+ metastatic breast cancer for whom trastuzumab is not appropriate   Tablet
Votrient   pazopanib   Advanced renal cell carcinoma Certain types of advanced soft tissue sarcoma after prior chemotherapy   Tablet
Zometa   zoledronic acid   Skeletal-related events from bone metastases Hypercalcemia of malignancy   Vial/4mg Ready-to-use
Zykadia   ceritinib   Anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer post crizotinib   Capsule

Novartis Pharmaceuticals Business Unit

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Ophthalmology   Azarga/Azorga   brinzolamide and timolol   Decrease of intraocular pressure in adult patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension for whom monotherapy provides insufficient intraocular pressure reduction   Eye drops
Ciprodex   ciprofloxacin and dexamethasone   Treatment of bacterial ear infections   Ear drops
Duotrav   travoprost and timolol   Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or who have ocular hypertension   Eye drops
Durezol   difluprednate   Treatment of inflammation and pain associated with ocular surgery Treatment of endogenous anterior uveitis   Eye drops
Lucentis   ranibizumab   Neovascular age-related macular degeneration Visual impairment due to diabetic macular edema Visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion Visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to branch retinal vein occlusion Visual impairment due to choroidal neovascularization secondary to pathologic myopia Visual impairment
 due to choroidal neovascularization secondary to other pathologies   Intravitreal injection
Pataday and Pazeo   olopatadine   Signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis Ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis   Eye drops

40

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Patanol   olopatadine   Signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis   Eye drops
Simbrinza   brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate   Decrease of elevated intraocular pressure in adult patients with open-angle glaucoma or hypertension for whom monotherapy provides insufficient intraocular pressure reduction   Eye drops
Travatan, Travatan Z, Travatan BAK-Free , Izba   travoprost   Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or who have ocular hypertension   Eye drops
Immunology and Dermatology   Cosentyx   secukinumab   Active ankylosing spondylitis Active psoriatic arthritis Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis Pustular psoriasis   Auto-injector Lyophilized, pre-filled syringe
Ilaris   canakinumab   Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes Tumor necrosis factor-receptor associated periodic syndrome Hyperimmunoglobulin D syndrome / mevalonate kinase deficiency Familial Mediterranean fever Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis Gouty arthritis Adult-onset Still's
 disease   Solution for injection Lyophilized powder for reconstitution for subcutaneous injection
Myfortic   mycophenolic acid (as mycophenolate sodium)   Prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving allogeneic renal transplants   Gastro-resistant tablet
Neoral/Sandimmune   cyclosporine, USP Modified   Prevention of rejection following certain organ transplantation Non-transplantation autoimmune conditions such as severe psoriasis and severe rheumatoid
 arthritis   Capsule Oral solution Intravenous ( Sandimmune )
Simulect   basiliximab   Prevention of acute organ rejection in de novo renal transplantation   Vial for injection or infusion
Xolair   omalizumab   Chronic spontaneous urticaria/chronic idiopathic urticaria See also, "Respiratory"   Liquid formulation in pre-filled syringe Lyophilized powder in vial
Zortress/Certican   everolimus   Prevention of organ rejection (heart, liver and kidney)   Tablet Dispersible tablet
Neuroscience   Extavia   interferon beta-1b   Relapsing remitting and/or relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis in adult patients   Subcutaneous injection
Gilenya   fingolimod   Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis   Capsule
Respiratory   Onbrez Breezhaler   indacaterol   Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease   Inhalation powder hard capsules
Seebri Breezhaler   glycopyrronium bromide   Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease   Inhalation powder hard capsules
Ultibro Breezhaler   indacaterol and glycopyrronium bromide   Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease   Inhalation powder hard capsules
Xolair   omalizumab   Moderate to severe allergic asthma See also, "Immunology and Dermatology"   Lyophilized powder in vial and liquid formulation in pre-filled syringe
Cardio-Metabolic   Entresto   sacubitril and valsartan   Symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction   Tablet

41

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Established Medicines   Cibacen   benazepril hydrochloride   Hypertension Adjunct therapy in congestive heart failure Progressive chronic renal
 insufficiency   Tablet
Comtan   entacapone   Parkinson's disease patients who experience end-of-dose motor (or movement) fluctuations   Tablet
Diovan   valsartan   Hypertension Heart failure Post-myocardial infarction   Tablet Capsule Oral solution
Diovan HCT/ Co-Diovan   valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide   Hypertension   Tablet
Eucreas   vildagliptin and metformin   Type 2 diabetes   Tablet
Exelon   rivastigmine   Mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease dementia Severe Alzheimer's disease dementia Dementia
 associated with Parkinson's disease   Capsule Oral solution Transdermal patch
Exforge   valsartan and amlodipine besylate   Hypertension   Tablet
Exforge HCT   valsartan, amlodipine besylate and hydrochlorothiazide   Hypertension   Tablet
Focalin and Focalin XR   dexmethylphenidate HCl and dexmethylphenidate extended release   Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder   Tablet Capsule
Galvus   vildagliptin   Type 2 diabetes   Tablet
Lescol and Lescol XL   fluvastatin sodium   Hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia in adults Secondary prevention of major adverse cardiac events Slowing the progression of atherosclerosis Heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia in children and adolescents   Capsule ( Lescol) Tablet ( Lescol XL)
Ritalin   methylphenidate HCl   Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and narcolepsy   Tablet
Ritalin LA   methylphenidate HCl modified release   Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder   Capsule
Stalevo   carbidopa, levodopa and entacapone   Parkinson's disease patients who experience end-of-dose motor (or movement) fluctuations   Tablet
Tegretol   carbamazepine   Epilepsy Pain associated with trigeminal neuralgia Acute mania and bipolar affective disorders Alcohol withdrawal syndrome Painful diabetic neuropathy Diabetes insipidus centralis Polyuria and polydipsia of neurohormonal origin   Tablet Chewable tablet Oral suspension Suppository
TOBI and TOBI Podhaler   tobramycin   Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in cystic fibrosis   Nebulizer solution ( TOBI) Inhalation powder ( TOBI Podhaler )
Trileptal   oxcarbazepine   Epilepsy   Tablet Oral suspension

42

Table of Contents

Business franchise   Product   Common name   Indications (vary by country and/or formulation)   Formulation
Tyzeka/Sebivo   telbivudine   Chronic hepatitis B   Tablet Oral solution
Voltaren/Cataflam   diclofenac sodium/potassium/resinate/free acid   Inflammatory and degenerative forms of rheumatism Post traumatic and post-operative pain, inflammation and swelling Painful and/or inflammatory conditions in gynecology Other painful and/or inflammatory conditions such as renal and
 biliary colic, migraine attacks and as adjuvant in severe ear, nose and throat infections Post-traumatic inflammation of the tendons, ligaments, muscles, and joints Localized forms of soft-tissue and degenerative rheumatism   Tablet Capsule Oral drops/ oral suspension Ampoule for injection Suppository Gel Powder for oral solution Transdermal patch

Key Marketed Products

Novartis Oncology Business Unit

Oncology

•
Gleevec/Glivec
 (imatinib mesylate/imatinib) is a kinase inhibitor approved as a targeted
therapy for Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and to treat patients with metastatic and/or unresectable KIT (CD117) positive (KIT+) gastrointestinal stromal tumors
(GIST), and as an adjuvant treatment for certain adult patients following resection of KIT+ GIST. First launched in 2001,
Gleevec/Glivec
 is approved in
approximately 125 countries.
Gleevec/Glivec
 is also approved in the US, EU and Japan to treat Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia, a rapidly progressive
form of leukemia. In addition,
Gleevec/Glivec
 is approved in the US and EU to treat dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, a rare solid tumor;
hypereosinophilic syndrome; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases and other rare blood disorders. In the US,
Gleevec
 is also approved for
aggressive systemic mastocytosis.
Gleevec/Glivec
 has received approvals in more than 80 countries as a post-surgery (adjuvant setting) therapy for
certain adult patients with KIT+ GIST. Following approval by the FDA in 2013, the EMA approved

Gleevec
/
Glivec
 in July 2013 for pediatric patients with
newly diagnosed Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia
in combination with chemotherapy.

•
Tasigna
(nilotinib) is a signal transduction inhibitor of the BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. Since
its launch in 2007,
 Tasigna
has been approved in more than 125 countries to treat patients with Ph+ CML in the chronic and/or accelerated phase who are
resistant or intolerant to existing treatment, including
 Gleevec/Glivec
. It is also approved in more than 120 markets, including the US, EU member
states, Switzerland and Japan, to treat newly diagnosed patients in the chronic phase. In June 2017, the European Commission approved the inclusion of treatment-free remission data in the "Tasigna
Summary of Product Characteristics." Treatment-free remission is the ability to maintain molecular response after stopping tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy in Ph+ CML patients in chronic phase. In
December 2017, the FDA also approved the inclusion of treatment-free remission data in the US label for
 Tasigna
.

43

Table of Contents

•
Sandostatin
 SC (octreotide acetate for injection) and

Sandostatin
 LAR (octreotide acetate for injectable suspension) are
somatostatin analogs indicated for the treatment of patients with acromegaly, a
chronic disease caused by over-secretion of growth hormone in adults.
Sandostatin
 is also indicated for the treatment of patients with certain symptoms
associated with carcinoid tumors and other types of gastrointestinal and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors. Additionally,
Sandostatin
 LAR is approved in
more than 60 countries for treatment of patients with advanced neuroendocrine tumors of the midgut or unknown primary tumor location.
Sandostatin
 was
first launched in 1988 and is approved in more than 100 countries.

•
Afinitor/Votubia
 (everolimus) is an oral inhibitor of the mTOR pathway.

Afinitor
 is approved in more
than 120 countries including the US, EU member states and Japan for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma whose
disease has progressed on or after treatment with vascular endothelial growth factor-targeted therapy (in the EU) or after failure of treatment with sunitinib or sorafenib (in the US).

Afinitor
 has been
approved in more than 110 countries, including the US, EU member states and Japan for the treatment of locally advanced, metastatic or
unresectable progressive neuroendocrine tumors (NET) of pancreatic origin. It was approved in the US in February 2016 and the EU in June 2016 for the treatment of patients with progressive,
well-differentiated, nonfunctional NET of gastrointestinal or lung origin that are unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic, and is now approved for this indication in more than 45 countries
worldwide. In addition,
Afinitor
 is approved in 117 countries for postmenopausal women with advanced hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast
cancer in combination with exemestane after recurrence or progression following a non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor (in the EU) or failure of treatment with letrozole or anastrozole (in the US). All
oncology indications are approved under the trade name
Afinitor,
 in the tablet formulation. Everolimus, under the trade name

Afinitor
 in the US and

Votubia
 in the EU, is also approved in more than 100 countries to treat patients
with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) who have subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) not requiring immediate surgery, and in more than 95 countries to treat patients with TSC who have renal
angiomyolipoma not requiring immediate surgery. The dispersible tablets for oral suspension formulation is approved for patients with TSC who have SEGA in more than 40 countries including the
US (under the trade name
Afinitor Disperz
), EU member states (under the trade name
Votubia
) and Japan
(under the trade name
Afinitor
). Dispersible tablets also are approved in more than 30 countries, including EU member states (under the trade name

Votubia
),
 as adjunctive treatment for patients aged 2 years and older whose refractory partial-onset seizures, with or without secondary
generalization, are associated with TSC. An application is currently under review in the US in support of an indication in select patients with TSC-associated refractory seizures. Everolimus, the
active ingredient in
Afinitor/Votubia
, is also available under the trade names
Zortress/Certican
 for use
in transplantation in the US and EU, respectively, and is exclusively licensed to Abbott and sublicensed to Boston Scientific for use in drug-eluting stents.

•
Exjade
 and
Jadenu
 (deferasirox) is an oral iron
chelator approved for the treatment of chronic iron overload due to blood transfusions in patients two years of age and older, as well as chronic iron overload in patients with non-transfusion
dependent thalassemia in patients 10 years of age and older. Patients with chronic anemia from diseases such as thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndromes require repeated
transfusions, which puts them at risk of iron overload.
Exjade,
 a dispersible tablet for oral suspension, was first approved in 2005 and is now approved
in more than 100 countries, including the US, EU member states and Japan. An oral film-coated tablet formulation that can be swallowed or crushed is approved in the US and Canada under the tradename

Jadenu
. It was approved in the EU and Switzerland under the tradename of
Exjade
. Regulatory applications
have been submitted in several other countries. In addition to the film-coated tablet formulation, an additional formulation has also been developed as granules for patients who cannot swallow
tablets, using the same composition as the film-coated tablet formulation.
Jadenu
 Sprinkle granules were approved in the US, and

Jadenu
 granules were
approved in Japan in 2017.

44

Table of Contents

•
Tafinlar + Mekinist
 (dabrafenib + trametinib) is the first
combination of its kind for the treatment of patients with BRAF V600 mutation positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma, as detected by a validated test, in the US, EU and several other markets.

Tafinlar + Mekinist
 is also approved for the treatment of patients with BRAF V600 mutation positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer,
as detected by a validated test, in the US, EU and several other markets.
Tafinlar
 targets the serine/threonine kinase BRAF in the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK
pathway and
Mekinist
 targets the threonine/tyrosine kinases MEK1 and MEK2 in the MAP kinase pathway, resulting in dual blockade of this pathway. This is
the first combination of a BRAF and a MEK inhibitor to demonstrate an overall survival benefit over BRAF inhibitor monotherapy after three years in two Phase III studies in BRAF V600 mutation
positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma patients.
Tafinlar
 and
Mekinist
 are each also approved as
single agents for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma in more than 60 and 40 countries worldwide, respectively.
Tafinlar

and
Mekinist
 were each acquired from GSK. As part of our purchase of oncology products from GSK, we obtained the worldwide exclusive rights granted by
Japan Tobacco Inc., to develop, manufacture, and commercialize trametinib.

•
Promacta/Revolade
 (eltrombopag) is a once-daily oral thrombopoietin receptor agonist that works
by stimulating bone marrow cells to produce platelets. It is the only approved once-daily oral thrombopoietin receptor agonist, and is marketed under the brand name

Promacta
 in the US and
Revolade
 in most countries outside the US. It is approved in more than 100
countries for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an inadequate response or are intolerant to other treatments. In
the US and EU,
Promacta/Revolade
 is approved for patients one year and older with chronic ITP who have had an insufficient response to other treatments.

Promacta/Revolade
 is approved in Japan for aplastic anemia as first-line therapy and for patients who are refractory to other treatments. It is also
approved in 45 countries for the treatment of patients with severe aplastic anemia (SAA) who are refractory to other treatments (in the US for the treatment of patients with SAA who have had an
insufficient response to immunosuppressive therapy and in the EU for the treatment of adults with acquired SAA who were either refractory to prior immunosuppressive therapy or heavily pretreated and
are unsuitable for hematopoietic stem cell transplant). In January 2018, the FDA granted a Breakthrough Therapy designation to
Promacta
 for the first
line treatment of severe aplastic anemia. In addition,
Promacta/Revolade
 is approved in more than 50 countries for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in
patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy.
Promacta/Revolade
 is marketed under a collaboration
agreement between Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Novartis.
Promacta/Revolade
 was acquired from GSK.

•
Votrient
 (pazopanib) is a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets a number of
growth factors to limit new blood vessel and tumor growth and cell survival.
Votrient
 is approved in the US for the treatment of patients with advanced
renal cell carcinoma (RCC), and in the EU for first-line treatment of adult patients with advanced RCC and for patients who have received prior cytokine therapy for advanced disease. RCC is the most
common type of kidney cancer in adults, and nearly one-fifth of patients have advanced RCC at the time of diagnosis.
Votrient
 is also indicated for the
treatment of patients with advanced soft tissue sarcoma (STS) who have received prior chemotherapy (efficacy in adipocytic STS or gastrointestinal stromal tumors has not been demonstrated), and in the
EU for the treatment of adult patients with selective subtypes of advanced STS who have received prior chemotherapy for metastatic disease or who have progressed within 12 months after
(neo)adjuvant therapy. STS is a type of cancer which can arise from a wide variety of soft tissues including muscle, fat, blood vessel and nerves.

Votrient
 is approved in more than 100 countries
worldwide for advanced RCC and in more than 90 countries for advanced STS.

Votrient
 was acquired from GSK.

45

Table of Contents

•
Jakavi
 (ruxolitinib) is an oral inhibitor of the JAK1 and JAK2 tyrosine kinases. It is the
first JAK inhibitor indicated for the treatment of disease-related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis or post-essential
thrombocythemia myelofibrosis and adult patients with polycythemia vera who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea.
Jakavi
 is currently approved
in 101 countries for patients with myelofibrosis and in more than 75 countries for patients with polycythemia vera, including EU member states and Japan. A five year follow-up of the two pivotal
trials, COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II suggests a reduced risk of death for patients randomized to
Jakavi
 compared to placebo or best available therapy,
respectively. Novartis licensed ruxolitinib from Incyte Corporation for development and commercialization in the indications of oncology, hematology and Graft-versus-host disease outside the US.
Ruxolitinib, marketed in the US as Jakafi® by Incyte Corporation, is approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are
intolerant of hydroxyurea. Jakafi® is also approved by the FDA for treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia
vera myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis.

•
Kisqali
 (ribociclib, formerly LEE011) is a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, a class of drugs
that help slow the progression of cancer by inhibiting two proteins called cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6), approved for the treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor
positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer as initial endocrine-based therapy in combination with an aromatase inhibitor.

Kisqali
 has been
approved in approximately 45 countries, including in the US in March 2017 and in the EU member states in August 2017. In May 2017, the
FDA also approved the
Kisqali Femara
 Co-Pack (ribociclib tablets; letrozole tablets).
Kisqali
 was
developed by the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research under a research collaboration with Astex Pharmaceuticals.

•
Rydapt
 (midostaurin, formerly PKC412) is an oral, multi-targeted therapy, a type of treatment
that interferes with certain pathways that are involved in the growth, progression and spread of cancer. In April 2017, the FDA approved
Rydapt
 in
combination with standard cytarabine and daunorubicin induction and cytarabine consolidation chemotherapy, for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who are
FLT3 mutation-positive, as detected by an FDA approved test.
Rydapt
 is not indicated as a single-agent induction therapy for the treatment of patients
with AML.
Rydapt
 is also approved in the US for the treatment of adult patients with aggressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM), systemic mastocytosis with
associated hematological neoplasm (SM-AHN) or mast cell leukemia. In September 2017, the EMA approved
Rydapt
 in combination with standard daunorubicin
and cytarabine induction and high-dose cytarabine consolidation chemotherapy, and for adults in complete response followed by
Rydapt
 single agent
maintenance therapy, for adults with newly diagnosed AML who are FLT3 mutation-positive. It is also approved in the EU for use as monotherapy for the treatment of adults with ASM, SM-AHN or mast cell
leukemia. Indications vary by country and not all indications are available in every country.
Rydapt
 is the first targeted treatment for newly diagnosed
FLT3-mutated AML and the first approved treatment for advanced systemic mastocytosis.

•
Kymriah
 (tisagenlecleucel, formerly CTL019) suspension for intravenous infusion is a
CD19-directed genetically modified autologous chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cell therapy.
Kymriah
 is approved in the US for the treatment of
patients up to 25 years of age with B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia that is refractory or in second or later relapse.

46

Table of Contents

Novartis Pharmaceuticals Business Unit

Ophthalmology

•
Lucentis
 (ranibizumab) is a recombinant humanized high affinity antibody fragment that binds to
vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A), a key mediator of intraocular neovascularization.
Lucentis
is an anti-VEGF therapy specifically designed
for the eye, minimizing systemic exposure.
Lucentis
is approved for six indications: neovascular (wet) age-related macular degeneration (nAMD), visual
impairment due to diabetic macular edema (DME), visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to branch retinal vein occlusion (BRVO), visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to central
retinal vein occlusion (CRVO), visual impairment due to choroidal neovascularization secondary to pathologic myopia (myopic CNV) and visual impairment due to choroidal neovascularization (CNV)
associated with causes other than nAMD or secondary to pathologic myopia (PM). EC approval in visual impairment due to CNV associated with causes other than nAMD or secondary to PM was received in
2016, and this indication is now approved in 86 countries including the countries of the EU and Switzerland. Further submissions for this indication have been filed in 29 countries. The

Lucentis
pre-filled syringe has now launched in 33 countries.
Lucentis
is licensed from Genentech, and
Novartis holds the rights to commercialize the product outside the US. Genentech holds the rights to commercialize
Lucentis
in the US. For further
information see "Note 26. Transactions with related parties—Genentech/Roche" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on
January 24, 2018.

•
Travatan
 (travoprost),
Travatan Z
 (travoprost)
and
Duotrav
 (travoprost/timolol) are indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or who have
ocular hypertension. Single agent travoprost products (
Travatan
,
Travatan Z
,

Travatan
 BAK-Free and

Izba
) are prescribed as first-line agents and are marketed in more than
140 countries, including the US, countries of the EU, Canada and China.
Duotrav
 is a fixed-dose combination solution of the prostaglandin analog
travoprost with the beta-blocker timolol, and is approved as a second-line treatment in adults for the reduction of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are
insufficiently responsive to topical beta-blockers or prostaglandin analogs.
Duotrav
 is currently marketed in more than 140 countries, including
countries of the EU, Canada and China.

Immunology and Dermatology

•
Cosentyx
 (secukinumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes
circulating interleukin 17A (IL-17A). IL-17A is a cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis.

Cosentyx
 has been approved in over 75 markets,
including the US, Japan and the countries of the EU, for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
plaque psoriasis.
Cosentyx
 is also approved in more than 65 countries for the treatment of adults with ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis,
including the US and the countries of the EU.
Cosentyx
 is also approved in Japan for the treatment of pustular psoriasis, and both psoriasis vulgaris
and psoriatic arthritis in adults who are not adequately responding to systemic therapies (except for biologics). Phase III 5-year data presented at a European medical congress in September
2017 showed high and long-lasting skin clearance in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with a continued favorable safety profile of

Cosentyx
 sustained over the 5-year treatment period.

Cosentyx
 in ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic
arthritis showed sustained improvements in signs and symptoms of both conditions in up to 80% of patients at three and four years respectively, as well as pain relief being rapid and sustained out to
two years in both psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis patients. Data presented at a US medical congress in November 2017 showed that almost 80% of ankylosing spondylitis patients have no
radiographic progression of the spine at four years. In 2017, a label update for
Cosentyx
 was also approved in the EU based on data showing long-term
superiority over Stelara® (ustekinumab) in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, along with efficacy in the treatment of moderate-to-severe scalp psoriasis, one of the most difficult to
treat forms of the disease.

47

Table of Contents

•
Neoral
 (cyclosporine, USP Modified) is an immunosuppressant to prevent organ rejection
following a kidney, liver, or heart transplant.
Neoral
 is also approved for use in lung transplant in many countries outside of the US. This
micro-emulsion formulation of cyclosporine is also indicated for treating selected autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis. First launched in 1995,

Neoral
 is marketed in
approximately 100 countries.

•
Xolair
 (omalizumab) is a recombinant, DNA-derived, humanized IgG1K monoclonal antibody.

Xolair
 is
designed to block IgE, which limits the release of mediators in the early and late phases of the allergic inflammatory cascade.

Xolair
 is currently approved in the EU, Switzerland and more than 80
countries as a treatment for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU), also known as
chronic idiopathic urticaria (CIU). CSU is a skin condition that appears spontaneously and causes persistent hives and/or painful deeper swelling of the skin for six weeks or more. The approval for
CSU in the EU includes use as add-on therapy for the treatment of CSU in adult and adolescent (12 years and above) patients with inadequate response to H1 antihistamine treatment, and, in the
US, for the treatment of adults and adolescents (12 years of age and above) with CIU who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. In 2017, new data demonstrated retreatment
efficacy with
Xolair
 in CSU patients after a treatment pause. See also,
Xolair
 in "Respiratory" below.
We co-promote
Xolair
 with Genentech in the US and share a portion of operating income, but we do not record any US sales. Novartis records all sales of

Xolair
 outside the US. For further information see "Note 26. Transactions with related parties—Genentech/Roche" in the "Excerpts from
Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

•
Ilaris
 (canakinumab) is a selective, high-affinity fully human monoclonal antibody that
inhibits interleukin-1
b
 (IL-1
b
), a key cytokine in the inflammatory pathway, by blocking the action of
IL-1
b
 for a sustained period of time.
Ilaris
 is approved in more than 70 countries as a treatment for various
inflammatory conditions, especially for adults and children with cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome, systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis, and the symptomatic treatment of refractory acute gouty
arthritis. In 2016,
Ilaris
 received approval for patients with adult-onset Still's disease in Europe, and for three rare and distinct types of Periodic
Fever Syndromes, also known as Hereditary Periodic Fevers, in the US and Japan.
Ilaris
 was approved in the EU in February 2017 for the same three
Periodic Fever Syndromes.

Neuroscience

•
Gilenya
 (fingolimod) is an oral disease-modifying therapy approved to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis.
Gilenya
 has a reversible lymphocyte redistribution effect targeting both focal and diffuse central nervous system damage caused by
multiple sclerosis (MS). In the US,
Gilenya
 is indicated for relapsing forms of MS. In the EU,
Gilenya

is indicated for adult patients with high disease activity despite treatment with at least one disease modifying agent, or rapidly evolving severe relapsing-remitting MS.

Gilenya
 impacts four key
measures of disease activity: relapses, MRI lesions, brain shrinkage (brain volume loss) and disability progression.

Gilenya
 is currently approved in more than 80 countries around the world.
Gilenya
 is licensed from
Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation.

Respiratory

•
Xolair
 (omalizumab) is approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe, or severe, persistent
allergic asthma for children (age 6 and older) and adults in more than 90 countries, including the US since 2003, the EU since 2005, and Japan since 2009.

Xolair
 is provided as lyophilized powder for
resolution, and in addition as liquid formulation in a pre-filled syringe in most European countries. See
also,
Xolair
 in "Immunology and Dermatology" above. We co-promote
Xolair
 with Genentech in the US and
share a portion of operating income, but we do not record any US sales. Novartis records all sales of
Xolair
 outside the US. For further information see
"Note 26. Transactions with related parties—Genentech/Roche" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

48

Table of Contents

Cardio-Metabolic

•
Entresto
 (sacubitril/valsartan) is a first-in-class angiotensin receptor/neprilysin inhibitor
indicated for the treatment of symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). It acts to enhance the protective neurohormonal systems of the heart (neprilysin system) while
simultaneously suppressing the harmful system (the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, or RAAS).
Entresto
 was approved in the US and in the EU in
2015.
Entresto
 is now approved in more than 95 countries, and launched in more than 50 countries. Both European Society of Cardiology heart failure
guidelines and US heart failure guidelines have given a class I recommendation, the strongest class of recommendation, for the use of sacubitril/valsartan in patients with HFrEF.

Established Medicines

•
Galvus
 (vildagliptin), an oral DPP-4 inhibitor, and

Eucreas
, a single-pill combination of vildagliptin and metformin, are
indicated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. The products were first
approved in 2007.
Galvus
 is currently approved in more than 130 countries, including EU member states, Japan (as

Equa
) and countries in Latin America and
Asia-Pacific.
Eucreas
 was the first single-pill combination of
a DPP-4 inhibitor and metformin approved in Europe, and also under the trade name
Galvus Met
, and is currently approved in more than 125 countries. In
2012,
Galvus
 received approval in the EU for expanded use as a second-line monotherapy for type 2 diabetes patients who cannot take metformin. In
2012, the EU approved the use of
Galvus
 in combination with insulin, with or without metformin, for patients with type 2 diabetes when diet,
exercise and a stable dose of insulin do not result in glycemic control. The use of vildagliptin in triple combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea is also approved in the EU for the treatment
of type 2 diabetes when diet and exercise plus dual therapy with vildagliptin and metformin do not provide adequate glycemic control.
Galvus

monotherapy indication was approved in China in 2015.
Eucreas
 was approved in Japan in 2015 under the name

Equmet
 as the first single-pill combination
metformin/DPP-4 inhibitor approved in that country.

•
Exforge
 (valsartan and amlodipine besylate) is a single-pill combination of the ARB

Diovan
 and the
calcium channel blocker amlodipine besylate. First approved for the treatment of high blood pressure in Switzerland in 2006, and in the
US and EU in 2007, it is now available in more than 100 countries.
Exforge HCT
 (valsartan, amlodipine besylate and hydrochlorothiazide) is a
single pill combining three widely prescribed high blood pressure treatments: an ARB, a calcium channel blocker and a diuretic (hydrochlorothiazide).
Exforge
HCT
 was approved in the EU and the US in 2009, and is now available in more than 75 countries.

•
Diovan
 (valsartan), together with
Diovan
HCT/Co-Diovan
 (valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide), is an angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB).
Diovan
 is the only agent in its
class approved to treat all of the following: high blood pressure (including children 6 to 18 years), high-risk heart attack survivors and patients with heart failure. First launched in 1996,

Diovan
 is available in more than 120 countries for treating high blood pressure, in more than 80 countries for heart failure and for heart attack
survivors. First launched in 1997,
Diovan HCT/Co-Diovan
 is approved in more than 100 countries worldwide.

•
Voltaren/Cataflam
 (diclofenac sodium/potassium/resinate/free acid/diethylamine) is a leading
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for the relief of symptoms in rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, and for various other inflammatory and pain conditions.

Voltaren/Cataflam
 was first registered in 1973 and is available in more than 140 countries. This product is marketed by the Innovative Medicines
Division in a wide variety of dosage forms including tablets, capsules, drops, suppositories, ampoules and topical therapy. Our Sandoz Division also markets generic versions of the product in various
countries. In addition, we have licensed the
Voltaren
 trademarks to our consumer healthcare joint venture with GSK to be

49

Table of Contents

used
in the marketing of the topical and low dose oral forms of
Voltaren
 as over-the-counter products.

•
Exelon
 capsules/oral solution (rivastigmine tartrate) and

Exelon
 Patch (rivastigmine transdermal system) are cholinesterase
inhibitors indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia and
Parkinson's disease (PD) dementia. They are the oral and transdermal formulations, respectively, of the cholinesterase inhibitor rivastigmine.
Exelon

capsules have been available since 1997 to treat mild-to-moderate AD dementia and are approved in more than 80 countries. In 2006,
Exelon
 capsules
became the only cholinesterase inhibitor to be approved for mild-to-moderate PD dementia in addition to AD in both the US and EU.
Exelon
 Patch was
approved in 2007 in the US and EU and has been approved for the treatment of mild-to-moderate AD in more than 90 countries, including more than 20 countries where it is also approved for
Parkinson's disease dementia. The once-daily formulation
Exelon
 Patch has shown comparable efficacy and superior tolerability to the highest recommended
doses of
Exelon
 capsules, with significant improvement in cognition and overall functioning compared to placebo. In 2013, the FDA expanded the approved
indication for
Exelon
 Patch (15cm
2
) to also include the treatment of patients with severe Alzheimer's disease. In 2013, European Marketing
Authorization was obtained for the higher dose in mild-to-moderate AD. The higher dose of
Exelon
 Patch (15cm
2
) has been approved in more
than 70 countries. The severe indication has now been approved in more than 10 countries.

Compounds in Development

        The following table and paragraph summaries provide an overview of the key Innovative Medicines Division projects currently in the Confirmatory
Development stage, including projects seeking to develop potential uses of new molecular entities as well as potential additional indications or new formulations for already marketed products. Changes
to the "Selected Development Projects" table are highlighted in the table below entitled "Projects Added to and Subtracted from the Development Table Since 2016."

        Compounds
and new indications in development are subject to required regulatory approvals and, in certain instances, contractual limitations. These compounds and indications are in
various stages of development throughout the world. It may not be possible to obtain regulatory approval for any or all of the new compounds and new indications referred to in this Form 20-F in
any country or in every country. See "—Regulation" for further information on the approval process.

        The
year that each project entered the current phase of development disclosed below reflects the year in which the decision to enter the phase was made. This may be different from the
year in which the first patient received the first treatment in the related clinical trial. A reference to a project being in registration means that an application has been filed with a health
authority for marketing approval.

Selected Development Projects

Project/Product   Common name   Mechanism of action   Potential indication/ Disease area   Business franchise   Formulation/ Route of administration   Year Project Entered Current Development Phase   Planned filing dates/Current phase
ABL001   asciminib   BCR-ABL inhibitor   Chronic myeloid leukemia, 3rd line   Oncology   Oral   2017   2020/III
Chronic myeloid leukemia, 1st line   Oncology   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
ACZ885   canakinumab   Anti-interleukin-1 b monoclonal antibody   Secondary prevention of cardiovascular events   Cardio-Metabolic   Subcutaneous injection   2017   US/EU (registration) (1)
2nd line non-small cell lung cancer   Oncology   Subcutaneous injection   2017   2021/III
1 st line non-small cell lung cancer   Oncology   Subcutaneous injection   2017   ³ 2022/III
Adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer   Oncology   Subcutaneous injection   2017   ³ 2022/III

(1)
Submissions
pending acceptance by FDA and EMA.

50

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Common name   Mechanism of action   Potential indication/ Disease area   Business franchise   Formulation/ Route of administration   Year Project Entered Current Development Phase   Planned filing dates/Current phase
Afinitor/Votubia   everolimus   mTOR inhibitor   Tuberous sclerosis complex seizures   Oncology   Oral   2017   EU (approved) US (registration)
AMG 334   erenumab   Selective CGRP receptor antagonist   Prophylaxis of migraine   Neuroscience   Subcutaneous injection   2017   US/EU (registration)
Arzerra   ofatumumab   Anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody   Refractory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2010   2020/III
BAF312   siponimod   Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor modulator   Secondary progressive multiple sclerosis   Neuroscience   Oral   2012   2018/III
BYL719   alpelisib   PI3K a inhibitor   Hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer (postmenopausal women), 2nd line (+ fulvestrant)   Oncology   Oral   2015   2018/III
BYM338   bimagrumab   Inhibitor of activin receptor Type 2   Hip fracture recovery   Neuroscience   Intravenous infusion   2012   ³ 2022/II
Sarcopenia   Neuroscience   Intravenous infusion   2014   ³ 2022/II
CAD106   amilomotide   Beta-amyloid-protein therapy   Alzheimer's disease   Neuroscience   Intramuscular injection   2009   ³ 2022/II/III
CFZ533   TBD   Blocking, non-depleting, anti-CD40 monoclonal antibody   Solid organ transplantation   Immunology and Dermatology   Intravenous infusion   2017   ³ 2022/II
CNP520   TBD   BACE inhibitor   Alzheimer's disease   Neuroscience   Oral   2016   ³ 2022/II/III
Cosentyx   secukinumab   Anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody   Non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2015   2019/III
Psoriatic arthritis head-to-head study vs. Humira® (adalimumab)   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2015   2020/III
Ankylosing spondylitis head-to-head study vs. proposed Sandoz biosimilar adalimumab   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2015   ³ 2022/III
CTL019 (approved in the US as Kymriah )   tisagenlecleucel   CD19-targeted chimeric antigen receptor T-cell immunotherapy   Pediatric/young adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   US (approved) EU (registration)
Relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   US/EU (registration)
Relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2020/II
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2021/III
Relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in 1st relapse   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   ³ 2022/II
Relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (+ pembrolizumab)   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   ³ 2022/III
ECF843   TBD   Boundary lubricant   Dry eye   Ophthalmology   Eye drops   2017   ³ 2022/II
EGF816   TBD   EGFR mutation modulation   Non-small cell lung cancer   Oncology   Oral   2017   2020/III
EMA401   olodanrigan   Angiotensin II type 2 receptor antagonist   Peripheral neuropathic pain   Neuroscience   Oral   2015   2021/II
Entresto   valsartan and sacubitril (as sodium salt complex)   Angiotensin receptor/ neprilysin inhibitor   Chronic heart failure with preserved ejection fraction   Cardio-Metabolic   Oral   2012   2019/III
Post-acute myocardial infarction   Cardio-Metabolic   Oral   2015   2020/III
Gilenya   fingolimod   Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor modulator   Pediatric multiple sclerosis   Neuroscience   Oral   2017   US/EU (registration)

51

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Common name   Mechanism of action   Potential indication/ Disease area   Business franchise   Formulation/ Route of administration   Year Project Entered Current Development Phase   Planned filing dates/Current phase
HDM201   TBD   p53-HDM2 inhibitor   Acute myeloid lymphoma   Oncology   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
INC280   capmatinib   c-MET inhibitor   Non-small cell lung cancer   Oncology   Oral   2014   2019/III
Non-small cell lung cancer EGFR mutation   Oncology   Oral   2016   ³ 2022/II
Jakavi   ruxolitinib   JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor   Acute graft-versus-host disease   Oncology   Oral   2016   2020/III
Chronic graft-versus-host disease   Oncology   Oral   2016   2020/III
KAE609   cipargamin   PfATP4 inhibitor   Malaria   Established Medicines   Oral   2012   ³ 2022/II
KAF156   TBD   Imidazolopiperazines derivative   Malaria   Established Medicines   Oral   2014   ³ 2022/II
Kisqali   ribociclib   CDK4/6 inhibitor   Hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer (postmenopausal women), 1st/2nd line (+ fulvestrant)   Oncology   Oral   2014   2018/III
Hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer (premenopausal women), 1st line, (+ tamoxifen + goserelin or NSAI + goserelin)   Oncology   Oral   2015   2018/III
Hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer (adjuvant)   Oncology   Oral   2016   ³ 2022/III
LAM320   clofazimine   Mycobacterial DNA binding   Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis   Established Medicines   Oral   2016   2018/III
LCI699   osilodrostat   Cortisol synthesis inhibitor   Cushing's disease   Oncology   Oral   2014   2018/III
LHW090   TBD   Neprilysin inhibitor   Resistant hypertension   Cardio-Metabolic   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
LIK066   TBD   SGLT 1/2 inhibitor   Weight loss   Cardio-Metabolic   Oral   2016   ³ 2022/II
LJN452   tropifexor   FXR agonist   Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis   Immunology and Dermatology   Oral   2015   ³ 2022/II
LMI070   branaplam   SMN2 RNA splicing modulator   Spinal muscular atrophy   Neuroscience   Oral   2017   2021/III
LOU064   TBD   BTK inhibitor   Chronic spontaneous urticaria   Immunology and Dermatology   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
Lucentis   ranibizumab   Anti-VEGF monoclonal antibody fragment   Retinopathy of prematurity   Ophthalmology   Intravitreal injection   2014   2018/III
MAA868   TBD   Factor XI inhibitor   Stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation   Cardio-Metabolic   Subcutaneous injection   2017   ³ 2022/II
MTV273   TBD   BCMA-targeted chimeric antigen receptor T-cell immunotherapy   Multiple myeloma   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2021/I
OMB157   ofatumumab   Anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody   Relapsing multiple sclerosis   Neuroscience   Subcutaneous injection   2015   2019/III
PDR001   spartalizumab   Anti PD-1 monoclonal antibody   Malignant melanoma (w/ Tafinlar + Mekinist )   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2019/III
Endocrine neoplasm   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2019/III
Malignant melanoma   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2017   2021/II
Promacta/ Revolade   eltrombopag   Thrombopoietin receptor agonist   Severe aplastic anemia, 1st line   Oncology   Oral   2016   2018/III
QAW039   fevipiprant   DP2 antagonist (CRTH2 antagonist)   Asthma   Respiratory   Oral   2015   2020/III

52

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Common name   Mechanism of action   Potential indication/ Disease area   Business franchise   Formulation/ Route of administration   Year Project Entered Current Development Phase   Planned filing dates/Current phase
QBW251   TBD   CFTR potentiator   Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease   Respiratory   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
QGE031   ligelizumab   High affinity anti-IgE monoclonal antibody   Chronic spontaneous urticaria/ chronic idiopathic urticaria   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2014   2021/II
QMF149   indacaterol, mometasone furoate (in fixed dose combination)   Long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist and inhaled corticosteroid   Asthma   Respiratory   Inhalation   2015   2019/III
QVM149   indacaterol, mometasone furoate, glycopyrronium bromide (in fixed dose combination)   Long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist, long-acting muscarinic antagonist and inhaled corticosteroid   Asthma   Respiratory   Inhalation   2015   2019/III
RTH258   brolucizumab   Anti-VEGF single-chain antibody fragment   Neovascular age-related macular degeneration   Ophthalmology   Intravitreal injection   2014   2018/III
Diabetic macular edema   Ophthalmology   Intravitreal injection   2017   2020/III
Rydapt   midostaurin   Signal transduction inhibitor   Acute myeloid leukemia (FLT3 wild type)   Oncology   Oral   2016   ³ 2022/III
SEG101   crizanlizumab   P-selectin inhibitor   Sickle cell disease   Oncology   Intravenous infusion   2016   2019/III
Signifor LAR   pasireotide   Somatostatin analogue   Cushing's disease   Oncology   Long-acting release/ intramuscular injection   2017   EU (approved) US (registration)
Tafinlar + Mekinist   dabrafenib + trametinib   BRAF inhibitor + MEK inhibitor   BRAF V600+ melanoma (adjuvant)   Oncology   Oral   2017   US (approved) EU (registration)
UNR844   TBD   Reduction of disulfide bonds   Presbyopia   Ophthalmology   Eye drops   2017   2021/II
VAY736   TBD   Anti-BAFF (B-cell activating factor) monoclonal antibody   Autoimmune hepatitis   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2016   2021/II
Primary Sjogren's syndrome   Immunology and Dermatology   Subcutaneous injection   2015   ³ 2022/II
VAY785   emricasan   Pan-caspase inhibitor   Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis   Immunology and Dermatology   Oral   2017   ³ 2022/II
Xolair   omalizumab   Anti-IgE monoclonal antibody   Nasal polyps   Respiratory   Subcutaneous injection   2017   2020/III
ZPL389   TBD   Histamine H 4 receptor antagonist   Atopic dermatitis   Immunology and Dermatology   Oral   2017   2021/II

Key Development Projects

•
 ABL001 (asciminib) is a potent and specific inhibitor of the protein BCR-ABL. It binds to a distinct region of the protein, resulting in a
mechanism of action that is different compared to tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) approved to treat Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous leukemia (Ph+ CML). Because of its unique
receptor binding site, the compound may have the potential to be prescribed in combination with TKIs approved to treat Ph+ CML. Clinical trials investigating ABL001 are ongoing. A Phase III
clinical study was initiated in October 2017 comparing the efficacy of ABL001 versus bosutinib in patients with CML-CP who are either resistant or intolerant to two prior TKIs.

53

Table of Contents

•
 ACZ885 (canakinumab) was first approved in 2009 for cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes as

Ilaris
. In 2017 data from CANTOS, a Phase III
study evaluating quarterly injections of ACZ885 in people with a prior heart attack and
inflammatory atherosclerosis, was presented at the European Society of Cardiology Congress and published simultaneously in The New England Journal of Medicine and The Lancet. CANTOS met its primary
endpoint with a statistically significant 15% reduction of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) in people with a prior heart attack and inflammatory atherosclerosis who were treated with 150mg
of ACZ885 in addition to standard of care including lipid-lowering therapy. This effect was driven by 24% relative reduction in risk of heart attack. A non-significant 10% reduction in risk of
cardiovascular death was also observed. A sub-group of study participants, in the 150 mg arm, whose inflammation was reduced below the median high-sensitivity C-reactive protein level, measured at
three months after one dose of treatment, saw a 27% relative risk reduction on the primary MACE endpoint. A review of a blinded, pre-planned oncology safety analysis revealed a 77% reduction in lung
cancer mortality and 67% reduction in lung cancer cases in patients treated with 300 mg of ACZ885. Novartis is discussing the CANTOS study findings with health authorities and plans to submit
the cardiovascular data for regulatory approval, as well as evaluate the lung cancer findings in additional Phase III confirmatory studies.

•
 AMG 334 (erenumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody designed to block the calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor, which is
believed to play a critical role in mediating the incapacitating pain of migraine. Data from a pivotal Phase II study of erenumab presented in September 2017 at the Congress of the
International Headache Society showed reduced monthly migraine days in patients with chronic migraine for whom previous preventive treatments have failed. In these patients, erenumab cut the average
number of migraine days by at least five days and up to a week per month, depending on treatment dose. New data was also presented at the September 2017 Congress of the International Headache Society
assessing the safety of erenumab 140 mg intravenous in a cardiovascular population with stable angina who are at increased risk for myocardial ischemia. Results of this study showed that inhibition of
the CGRP receptor with erenumab had no impact on exercise capacity as measured by an exercise stress test. In January 2018, Novartis announced topline results from the Phase IIIb LIBERTY study
of erenumab. The study met its primary endpoint with significantly more patients taking erenumab experiencing at least a 50% reduction from baseline in their monthly migraine days as compared to
placebo. The trial assessed patients who tried and failed two to four previous preventive medications due to lack of efficacy or intolerable side effects. LIBERTY is the first migraine prevention
trial of its kind conducted specifically in patients who have tried multiple therapies without success, and are in need of additional treatment options. In 2017 Novartis submitted AMG 334 to
the EMA for migraine prophylaxis. Amgen Inc.'s filing for the same indication was also accepted by the FDA in July 2017. If approved, Novartis and Amgen plan to co-commercialize erenumab in the
US. Amgen has exclusive commercialization rights in Japan, and Novartis has exclusive commercialization rights in the rest of the world. The companies plan to continue global co-development.

•
Arzerra
 (ofatumumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that is designed to target the CD20
molecule found on the surface of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells and normal B lymphocytes.
Arzerra
 is approved in more than 60 countries
worldwide as monotherapy for the treatment of patients with CLL who are refractory after prior treatment with fludarabine and alemtuzumab, and is also approved for other indications in CLL in the US
and EU. A Phase III trial is underway to investigate ofatumumab in refractory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Novartis is also investigating ofatumumab (disclosed as OMB157) in two
Phase III studies for relapsing multiple sclerosis.
Arzerra
 is marketed under a license agreement between Genmab A/S and Novartis.

•
 BAF312 (siponimod) is an oral, second-generation sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator under development for the treatment of secondary
progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS). BAF312

54

Table of Contents

binds
selectively to the sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor subtypes 1 and 5, and distributes effectively to the brain where it may impact central nervous system inflammation and repair
mechanisms. Results from the EXPAND Phase III study, evaluating efficacy and safety for SPMS, demonstrated that BAF312 reduced three- and six-month confirmed disability progression against
placebo, with a safety profile similar to fingolimod. New data from the Phase III EXPAND study presented at the October 2017 joint meeting of the European and American Committees for Treatment
and Research in Multiple Sclerosis demonstrated the effects of BAF312 on magnetic resonance imaging lesions and brain shrinkage in SPMS. Effects of BAF312 on disability progression in patients without
on-study relapses were also presented. Results from EXPAND have been submitted for peer review publication. Novartis is planning to file BAF312 in the US and EU in 2018 for SPMS. If approved, label
content will be subject to negotiation with regulatory authorities, but is expected to reflect the unique SPMS population studied in the EXPAND trial.

•
 BYL719 (alpelisib) is an orally bioavailable, alpha isoform-specific PI3K inhibitor. In breast cancer cell lines harboring PIK3CA mutations,
BYL719 has been shown to inhibit the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway and have anti-proliferative effects. In addition, cancer cell lines with PIK3CA mutations were more sensitive to BYL719 than those without
the mutation across a broad range of different cancers. BYL719 is being studied in the Phase III SOLAR-1 trial in combination with fulvestrant in men and postmenopausal women with hormone
receptor-positive advanced breast cancer who received prior treatment with aromatase inhibitor and a Phase II trial to determine the maximum tolerated dose in combination with fulvestrant in
PIK3CA mutated estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer patients.

•
Cosentyx
 (secukinumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes
IL-17A.
Cosentyx
 is in Phase III development in non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis. We expect results from this trial in 2019.

Cosentyx
 is also
in a Phase III head-to-head clinical trial in psoriatic arthritis against Humira® (adalimumab) and a
Phase III head-to-head clinical trial in ankylosing spondylitis against the proposed biosimilar adalimumab in development by Sandoz.

•
 CTL019 (tisagenlecleucel, approved in the US as
Kymriah
) is a CD19-directed genetically
modified autologous chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cell therapy that uses the patient's own immune system to fight certain types of cancer. CARs are engineered proteins that enable a patient's
own T cells to seek out specific target proteins present on a patient's cancerous tumor. When these cells are re-introduced into the patient's blood, they demonstrate the potential to bind to the
cancer cells and destroy them. CTL019 targets a protein called CD19 that is associated with a number of B-cell malignancies. In August 2017, the FDA approved CTL019 as

Kymriah
 for the treatment of
patients up to 25 years of age with B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that is refractory or in
second or later relapse.
Kymriah
 is also currently under regulatory review in the US for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed/refractory
diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), the most common type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In the EU, the EMA is reviewing the CTL019 Marketing Authorization Application for the treatment of adult
patients with relapsed/refractory DLBCL ineligible for autologous stem cell transplantation and for pediatric and young adult patients with relapsed/refractory ALL. At the American Society of
Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2017, Novartis presented data from the primary analysis of the pivotal, Phase II JULIET trial that CTL019 sustained complete responses at six months in
adults with relapsed/refractory DLBCL. CTL019 is also expected to enter Phase II development for adult patients with relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma who have failed at least two prior
systemic therapies. A Phase III study in second-line use in adult patients with DLBCL after first relapse is also being planned. Clinical trials in these patient populations are anticipated to
begin in 2018. In January 2018, the FDA granted Priority Review for
Kymriah
 for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory DLBCL who are
ineligible for or relapse after autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT). Also in January 2018, the EMA granted accelerated assessment for CTL019 for the treatment of children and young adults with
relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic

55

Table of Contents

leukemia,
and for adult patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL who are ineligible for ASCT. Novartis and the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine, which developed this
CD19-directed CAR T cell therapy, have a global collaboration to research, develop and commercialize CAR-T therapies for the investigational treatment of cancers.

•
 EMA401 (olodanrigan) is a novel angiotensin II type 2 receptor (AT
2
R) antagonist. Targeting AT
2
R is an emerging
approach to neuropathic pain treatment. AT
2
R antagonists block the pain signaling pathways in the peripheral nervous system. The first Phase II study to assess the potential of
EMA401 in peripheral neuropathic pain was initiated in 2017, with the second Phase II study planned to start in 2018.

•
Entresto
 (sacubitril/valsartan) is a first-in-class angiotensin receptor/neprilysin inhibitor
approved and marketed for the treatment of chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. In addition, Novartis is conducting multiple studies of

Entresto
 as part of the FortiHFy clinical
program. This includes two large outcome studies. The first, PARAGON-HF, a Phase III trial of

Entresto
 in patients with chronic heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, has completed enrollment with results expected in
2019. Novartis continues recruitment in PARADISE-MI, a Phase IIIb trial for patients at high risk for heart failure after an acute myocardial infarction, with results expected in 2020.

•
Gilenya
 (fingolimod, formerly FTY720) is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator approved
for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis in adults as
Gilenya
. Results from the Phase III PARADIGMS study, investigating the
safety and efficacy of oral once-daily
Gilenya
 in children and adolescents (ages 10 to 17) with multiple sclerosis showed that oral fingolimod
resulted in an 82% reduction in the number of relapses in the patient population over a period of up to two years, compared to interferon beta-1a intramuscular injections. In December 2017, the FDA
granted
Gilenya
 Breakthrough Therapy designation for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis in pediatric patients (ages 10 to 17).

Gilenya
 is not currently
approved for pediatric use.

•
 INC280 (capmatinib) is a highly selective MET inhibitor. In June 2016, Novartis initiated ongoing Phase II studies to prospectively
explore the predictive value of different mechanisms of MET dysregulation (including MET amplification and MET leading to exon 14 deletion mutation) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. INC280 is
licensed by Novartis from Incyte Corporation.

•
Jakavi
 (ruxolitinib) is an oral inhibitor of the JAK 1 and JAK 2 tyrosine kinases.

Jakavi
 is currently
in Phase III development in acute graft versus host disease and chronic graft versus host disease. Novartis licensed
ruxolitinib from Incyte Corporation for development and commercialization in the indications of oncology and hematology outside the US. In the second quarter of 2016 the license was amended to also
include rights to research, develop and commercialize ruxolitinib in graft-versus-host disease outside the US. Ruxolitinib is marketed in the US as Jakafi® by Incyte Corporation.

•
 KAF156 belongs to a novel class of antimalarial compounds called imidazolopiperazines. It has the potential to clear malaria infection,
including resistant strains, as well as to block the transmission of the malaria parasite. As demonstrated in a Phase IIa proof-of-concept trial, the compound is fast-acting and potent across
multiple stages of the parasite's lifecycle, rapidly clearing both
P. falciparum
 and

P. vivax
 parasites. In August 2017 Novartis began a
Phase IIb study to test multiple dosing combinations and dosing schedules of
KAF156 and lumefantrine, including the feasibility of a single dose therapy in adults, adolescents and children.

•
Kisqali
 (ribociclib; formerly LEE011) is a selective cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor that
inhibits two proteins called cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6). In March 2017 the FDA approved
Kisqali
 in combination with an aromatase inhibitor
as initial endocrine-based therapy for treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative (HR+/HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast
cancer. In August 2017 the EC

56

Table of Contents

approved

Kisqali
 in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as initial endocrine-based therapy for treatment of postmenopausal women with HR+/HER2-
locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Results from the pivotal Phase III MONALEESA 2 study showed
Kisqali
 plus letrozole significantly
extended progression free survival (PFS) compared to a standard of care, letrozole, as a first line treatment in postmenopausal women with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer.

Kisqali
 plus letrozole
reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 44% over letrozole alone, significantly extending PFS across all patient
subgroups. Novartis is continuing to assess
Kisqali
 through the MONALEESA clinical trial program, which includes MONALEESA 2, MONALEESA 3 and MONALEESA
7. These trials are evaluating
Kisqali
 in multiple endocrine therapy combinations across a broad range of patients, including men and premenopausal
women. In December 2017,
Kisqali
 was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for initial endocrine-based treatment of pre- or
peri-menopausal women with HR+/HER2- advanced or metastatic breast cancer in combination with tamoxifen or an aromatase inhibitor.
Kisqali
 was developed
by Novartis as part of a drug discovery collaboration with Astex Pharmaceuticals.

•
 LIK066 is an inhibitor of the sodium-glucose co-transporter-1 (SGLT1) and sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2). The dual mechanism (renal
and intestinal) acts to improve multiple metabolic end points including glycemic control, weight, blood pressure and lipid biomarkers. We initiated Phase II dose ranging studies for weight loss
in the first half of 2017.

•
 LJN452 (tropifexor) is a potent, non-bile acid, Farnesoid X receptor (FXR) agonist, which is being developed for the treatment of nonalcoholic
steatohepatitis (NASH). LJN452 has been shown to reduce steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis in animal models, alongside a favorable safety profile in first in-human studies. This oral treatment is
designed to break the cycle of fatty build-up in the liver and harness the body's built-in mechanisms for coping with excess bile acid. Recruitment is underway for the first LJN452 clinical study in
NASH patients.

•
 OMB157 (ofatumumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody administered by subcutaneous injection in development for multiple sclerosis (MS).
OMB157 works by binding to the CD20 molecule on the B cell surface and inducing B cell depletion. Positive Phase IIb results in MS patients were presented in 2014 and showed significant
reduction in the number of new brain lesions in the first 24 weeks after ofatumumab administration. Novartis initiated a Phase III program for OMB157 in relapsing MS in August 2016. The
program is on track, and we expect to complete the Phase III program in MS in 2019. Ofatumumab is marketed by Novartis for oncology indications as an intravenous infusion under the brand name

Arzerra
.

•
 PDR001 (spartalizumab) is a PD-1 antagonist that may restore the ability of immune cells to induce cell death and fight cancer. PDR001 is being
evaluated in a Phase III trial in combination with
Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 for
metastatic BRAF V600+ melanoma, in a Phase II trial for neuroendocrine tumors and in Phase I trials in other tumor types.

•
 QAW039 (fevipiprant) is being investigated in the reduction of asthma attacks in patients with severe asthma and in the improvement of lung
function in patients with moderate asthma. This compound is designed to block the activity of the DP2 receptor, an upstream driver of allergen- and non-allergen dependent inflammation in asthma,
resulting in reduction in IL-4, IL-5, and IL-13, inhibition of eosinophil migration, and inhibition of smooth muscle cells growth in the airway. Phase II clinical data shows a positive effect
on symptoms (asthma control questionnaire) and lung function, and reduction in sputum eosinophils.

•
 QMF149 (indacaterol acetate/mometasone furoate) is a once daily fixed-dose combination being investigated in asthmatic patients who are
uncontrolled on an inhaled corticosteroid. QMF149 combines indacaterol acetate (an inhaled long-acting beta
2
-adrenergic agonist with 24 hour duration of action) and mometasone
furoate (an inhaled corticosteroid with 24 hour duration of action) delivered via the
Breezhaler
 device, a single dose dry powder inhaler. QMF149
is currently being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials to support registration outside the US.

57

Table of Contents

•
 QVM149 (indacaterol acetate, glycopyrronium bromide, mometasone furoate) is a fixed-dose combination of indacaterol acetate (an inhaled
long-acting beta
2
-adrenergic agonist with 24 hour duration of action), glycopyrronium bromide (an inhaled long-acting muscarinic antagonist with 24 hour duration of action),
and mometasone furoate (an inhaled corticosteroid with 24 hour duration of action) in development for once-daily maintenance treatment of poorly controlled asthmatic patients to be delivered
via the
Breezhaler
 device, a single dose dry powder inhaler. All three mono-components have previously been developed as individual drugs for either
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or asthma. QVM149 is currently in Phase III clinical trials to support registration outside the US.

•
 RLX030 (serelaxin) is a novel recombinant form of the human hormone relaxin 2, and is believed to act through multiple mechanisms to reduce
stress on the heart, kidneys and other organs. In 2017 Novartis announced the global Phase III RELAX-AHF-2 study investigating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of RLX030 in patients
with acute heart failure (AHF) did not meet its primary endpoints of reduction in cardiovascular death through day 180 or reduced worsening heart failure through day five when added to standard
therapy in patients with AHF.

•
 RTH258 (brolucizumab) is a single-chain antibody fragment that acts as an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF) agent. RTH258 is
currently in development for neovascular age related macular degeneration (nAMD) and diabetic macular edema. RTH258 met its primary endpoint of non-inferiority to aflibercept in mean change in
best-corrected visual acuity in two Phase III clinical trials, HAWK and HARRIER. Additionally, superiority was shown in three secondary endpoints that are considered key markers of nAMD
disease, central subfield retinal thickness, retinal fluid and disease activity. Additionally, a majority of patients were on a 12-week treatment schedule immediately following the loading phase, also
assessed by secondary endpoints in the HAWK and HARRIER trials. Beginning in 2018, we expect to make regulatory filings for nAMD in the US, EU and Japan. RTH258 is also currently in development for
diabetic macular edema, with Phase III trials in this indication scheduled to start in 2018.

•
 SEG101 (crizanlizumab) is a humanized anti-P-selectin monoclonal antibody that is being investigated in the reduction of vaso-occlusive pain
crises in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD). SCD is a hereditary blood disorder characterized by sickle-shaped red blood cells. Novartis acquired SEG101 in 2016 by exercising its right to
acquire Reprixys Pharmaceuticals Corporation following receipt of results of the Phase II SUSTAIN study. Results from the Phase II SUSTAIN study demonstrated that SEG101 reduced the
median annual rate of sickle cell-related pain crises compared to placebo in patients with or without hydroxyurea therapy.

•
Signifor
 LAR (pasireotide) is a somatostatin analogue approved in the EU in September 2017 as a
long-acting release formulation for patients with Cushing's disease. An application for this indication has also been accepted by the FDA.

•
Tafinlar
 (dabrafenib) targets the serine/threonine kinase BRAF in the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway
and
Mekinist
 (trametinib) targets the threonine/tyrosine kinases MEK1 and MEK2 in the MAP kinase pathway, resulting in dual blockade of this pathway,
which is the main escape mechanism for resistance.
Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist

(dabrafenib + trametinib) is the first combination of BRAF and MEK inhibitors to report three years of follow-up survival data in two Phase III studies in BRAF V600+ unresectable
or metastatic patients. A Phase III study is also underway for BRAF V600 mutation positive melanoma patients in the adjuvant setting. Phase II studies are also underway to evaluate the
efficacy and safety of
Tafinlar + Mekinist
 in patients with BRAF V600 mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer. Data presented at a
major European conference in the third quarter showed reduced risk of disease recurrence by 53% in patients with resected BRAF V600 mutation-positive melanoma and meaningful improvements in secondary
endpoints, including overall survival, distant metastasis-free survival and freedom from relapse. In October 2017, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for

Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 for the adjuvant

58

Table of Contents

treatment
of patients with stage III melanoma with a BRAF V600 mutation following complete resection. In December 2017, the FDA granted Priority Review to

Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 for adjuvant treatment of this patient population.

Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 is being evaluated in a
Phase III trial in combination with
PDR001 for metastatic BRAF V600+ melanoma, in a Phase II trial for neuroendocrine tumors and in Phase I trials in other tumor types.

•
 UNR844 is a potential first-in-class topical treatment in development for presbyopia. UNR844 is believed to work through reduction of disulfide
bonds, softening the crystalline lens. Presbyopia is a common age-related loss of near distance vision characterized by a progressive inability to focus on objects nearby, making everyday activities,
such as reading, challenging. In a Phase I/II masked, placebo-controlled proof of concept study, 50 patients were treated daily for 90 days with topical UNR844 and 25 patients with
placebo. UNR844 showed a statistically significant difference to placebo in distant corrected near vision at all time points measured (from day 8). At day 90, 82% of participants treated with UNR844
had 20/40 near vision (or 0.30 LogMAR) versus 48% in the placebo group. Near vision of 20/40 allows for the majority of near vision tasks in most people. UNR844 was acquired by Novartis through the
acquisition of Encore Vision, Inc., in January 2017.

•
 VAY736 is a highly specific and potent monoclonal antibody against the B-cell activating factor receptor (BAFF-R) with enhanced
antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity against BAFF-R positive B cells. VAY736 is in Phase II development for the treatment of primary Sjogren's syndrome, a systemic autoimmune disorder
characterized by progressive lymphocytic destruction of exocrine glands and other organs resulting not only in eye and mouth dryness, but frequently complicated by severe fatigue and extraglandular
organ involvement. VAY736 is also being tested for patients with autoimmune hepatitis, a chronic autoimmune disorder, characterized by hepatocyte injury and destruction of the liver architecture
leading to fibrosis/cirrhosis, and ultimately to end stage liver disease requiring liver transplantation.

•
 VAY785 (emricasan) is an investigational, first-in-class, oral, pan-caspase inhibitor being investigated for the treatment of chronic liver
diseases including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with advanced fibrosis (scarring) and cirrhosis. In multiple Phase II clinical trials, VAY785 has demonstrated significant, rapid and
sustained reductions in elevated levels of key biomarkers of inflammation and cell death, which play a role in the severity and progression of liver disease. VAY785 is being developed in collaboration
with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. As part of this collaboration, Conatus is conducting several Phase IIb clinical trials with VAY785, including the ENCORE-PH trial in primarily
compensated NASH cirrhosis, the POLT-HCV-SVR trial in post-transplant hepatitis C virus fibrosis and cirrhosis, and the ENCORE-NF in NASH fibrosis. Top-line results of these trials are expected to be
available starting in 2018 and continuing thereafter. In May 2017, Conatus also initiated the Phase IIb ENCORE-LF trial in patients with decompensated liver cirrhosis caused by NASH, with
results expected in the second half of 2019.

•
 ZPL389 is a once-daily oral H
4
 receptor antagonist in development for atopic dermatitis, commonly known as eczema. ZPL389 is a
potential first-in-class oral treatment for moderate-to-severe eczema. In a proof of concept study, ZPL389 showed a clinically and statistically significant reduction of eczema. After eight weeks of
treatment, the compound reduced the Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) score by 50% in a study of 98 patients. In clinical studies conducted to date, ZPL389 has a favorable safety profile. ZPL389
was acquired by Novartis through the acquisition of Ziarco Group Limited in January 2017.

•
Zykadia
 (ceritinib) is a potent and highly selective oral anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)
inhibitor that is in development for ALK positive (ALK+) cancers. In May 2017, the FDA approved the expanded use of
Zykadia
 to include the first-line
treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors are ALK+, as detected by an FDA-approved test. In June 2017 the European Commission approved expanding the use of

Zykadia
 to
the first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors are ALK+.

59

Table of Contents

Projects Added to and Subtracted from the Development Table Since 2016

Project/Product   Potential indication/ Disease area   Change   Reason
ABL001   Chronic myeloid leukemia, 1st line   Added   Entered confirmatory development
ACZ885   2nd line non-small cell lung cancer   Added   Entered confirmatory development
1 st line non-small cell lung cancer   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Arzerra   Refractory non-Hodgkin's lymphoma   Now disclosed as refractory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma;
and
Route of administration corrected
CFZ533   Solid organ transplantation   Added   Entered confirmatory development
CJM112   Immune disorders   Removed   Development discontinued
Cosentyx   Psoriatic arthritis head to head study vs. adalimumab   Now disclosed as psoriatic arthritis head to head study vs. Humira® (adalimumab)
Ankylosing spondylitis head to head study vs. adalimumab   Now disclosed as ankylosing spondylitis head to head study vs. proposed Sandoz biosimilar adalimumab
CTL019 (approved in the US as Kymriah )   Pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia   Now disclosed as pediatric/young adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma   Now disclosed as 3rd line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma   Added   Entered confirmatory development

60

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Potential indication/ Disease area   Change   Reason
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in 1st relapse   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (+pembrolizumab)   Added   Entered confirmatory development
ECF843   Dry eye   Added   Entered confirmatory development
EGF816   Non-small cell lung cancer   Added   Entered confirmatory development
EMA401   Neuropathic pain   Now disclosed as peripheral neuropathic pain
HDM201   Acute myeloid lymphoma   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Ilaris   Periodic fever syndromes   Commercialized
Jakavi   Early myelofibrosis   Removed   Development discontinued
Graft-versus-host disease   Now disclosed as acute graft-versus-host disease
Chronic graft-versus-host disease   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Kisqali (LEE011)   Hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer (postmenopausal women), 1st line (+ letrozole)   Commercialized as Kisqali
LHW090   Resistant hypertension   Added   Entered confirmatory development
LMI070   Spinal muscular atrophy   Added   Entered confirmatory development
LOU064   Chronic spontaneous urticaria   Added   Entered confirmatory development
MAA868   Stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation   Added   Entered confirmatory development

61

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Potential indication/ Disease area   Change   Reason
MTV273   Multiple myeloma   Added   Entered confirmatory development
PDR001   Endocrine neoplasm   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Malignant melanoma (w/ Tafinlar + Mekinist )   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Neuroendocrine tumors   Added   Entered confirmatory development
PIM447   Hematologic tumors   Removed   In exploratory development
PKC412 (Rydapt)   Acute myeloid leukemia   Commercialized as Rydapt
Advanced systemic mastocytosis   Commercialized as Rydapt
QAW039   Atopic dermatitis   Removed   Development discontinued
QBW251   Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Cystic fibrosis   Removed   In exploratory development
RLX030   Acute heart failure   Removed   Development discontinued
Tafinlar + Mekinist   BRAF V600+ non-small cell lung cancer   Commercialized
BRAF V600+ colorectal cancer   Removed   Development discontinued
Tasigna   Chronic myeloid leukemia treatment-free remission   Commercialized
VAY736   Autoimmune hepatitis   Added   Entered confirmatory development
VAY785   Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Xolair   Nasal polyps   Added   Entered confirmatory development
Zykadia   ALK + advanced non-small cell lung cancer (1st line, treatment naïve)   Commercialized

62

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Potential indication/ Disease area   Change   Reason
ALK + advanced non-small cell lung cancer (brain metastases)   Removed   Development discontinued

Principal Markets

        The Innovative Medicines Division sells products in approximately 155 countries worldwide. Net sales are generally concentrated in the US,
Europe and Japan. The following table sets forth the aggregate 2017 net sales of the Innovative Medicines Division by region:

Innovative Medicines   2017 Net sales to third parties
$ millions   %
Europe   11,289   34
United States   11,116   34
Asia, Africa, Australasia   7,875   24
Canada and Latin America   2,745   8
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   33,025   100
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Of which in Established Markets*   24,633   75
Of which in Emerging Growth Markets*   8,392   25
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

*
Emerging
Growth Markets comprise all markets other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

        Many
of our Innovative Medicines Division's products are used for chronic conditions that require patients to consume the product over long periods of time, ranging from months to years.
Net sales of the vast majority of our products are not subject to material changes in seasonal demand.

Production

        The primary goal of our manufacturing and supply chain management program is to ensure the uninterrupted, timely and cost-effective supply of
products that meet all product specifications and quality standards. The manufacture of our products is heavily regulated by governmental health authorities around the world, including the FDA and
EMA. In addition to regulatory requirements, many of our products involve technically complex manufacturing processes or require a supply of highly specialized raw materials.

        We
manufacture our products at facilities worldwide. See also "—Item 4.D Property, Plants and Equipment." Active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured in our own
facilities or purchased from third-party suppliers. We maintain state-of-the-art processes with quality as a primary goal within our own production network. Those processes include fermentation,
chemical syntheses and precipitation processes, such as sterile processing. Many biologic medicines are manufactured using recombinant DNA derived technology, by which a gene is introduced into a host
cell, which then produces a human protein. This manufacturing process requires sophisticated technical expertise. We are constantly working to improve current, and to develop new, manufacturing
processes, and review and adapt our manufacturing network to meet the needs of our Innovative Medicines Division.

63

Table of Contents

        Raw
materials for the manufacturing process are either produced in-house or purchased from a number of third party suppliers. Where possible, we maintain multiple supply sources so that
the business is not dependent on a single or limited number of suppliers. However, our ability to do so may at times be limited by regulatory or other requirements. We monitor market developments that
could have an adverse effect on the supply of essential materials. Our suppliers of raw materials are required to comply with Novartis quality standards.

        Because
the manufacture of our products is complex and heavily regulated by governmental health authorities, supply is never guaranteed. If we or our third party suppliers fail to comply
with applicable regulations then there could be a product recall or other shutdown or disruption of our production activities. We have experienced supply interruptions for our products in the past,
and there can be no assurance that supply will not be interrupted again in the future as a result of unforeseen circumstances. We have implemented a global manufacturing strategy to maximize business
continuity
in case of such events or other unforeseen catastrophic events. However, there can be no guarantee that we will always be able to successfully manage such issues when they arise.

Marketing and Sales

        The Innovative Medicines Division serves customers with 3,360 field force representatives in the US, and an additional 22,161 in the rest of the
world, as of December 31, 2017, including supervisors and administrative personnel. These trained representatives, where permitted by law, present the therapeutic risks and benefits of our
products to physicians, pharmacists, hospitals, insurance groups and managed care organizations. We continue to see increasing influence of customer groups beyond prescribers, and Novartis is
responding by adapting our business practices to engage appropriately with such constituencies.

        The
marketplace for healthcare is also evolving with patients becoming more informed stakeholders in their healthcare decisions and looking for solutions to meet their changing needs.
Where permitted by law, Novartis seeks to assist the patient, delivering innovative solutions to drive education, access, and improved patient care.

        Although
specific distribution patterns vary by country, Novartis generally sells its prescription drugs primarily to wholesale and retail drug distributors, hospitals, clinics,
government agencies and managed healthcare providers. The growing number of so-called "specialty" drugs in our portfolio has resulted in increased engagement with specialty pharmacies. In the US,
specialty pharmacies continue to grow as a distribution channel for specialty products, with an increasing number of health plans mandating use of specialty pharmacies to monitor specialty drug
utilization and costs.

        Novartis
pursues co-promotion/co-marketing opportunities as well as licensing and distribution agreements with other companies in various markets, when legally permitted and economically
attractive. In the US, certain products can be advertised by way of internet, television, newspaper and magazine advertising.

        As
a result of continuing changes in healthcare economics and an aging population, the US Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) is the largest single payor for healthcare
services in the US. In addition, both commercial and government sponsored managed care organizations continue to be among the largest groups of payors for healthcare services in the US. In other
countries, national health services are often the only significant payor for healthcare services. In an effort to control prescription drug costs, almost all managed care organizations and national
health services use formularies that list specific drugs that may be reimbursed, and/or the level of reimbursement for each drug. Managed care organizations and national health services also
increasingly utilize various
cost-benefit analyses to determine whether or not newly-approved drugs will be added to a formulary and/or the level of reimbursement for that drug, and whether or not to continue to reimburse
existing drugs. We have dedicated teams that actively seek to optimize formulary positions for our products.

64

Table of Contents

        Recent
trends have been toward continued consolidation among distributors and retailers of Innovative Medicines Division products, both in the US and internationally. This has increased
our customers' purchasing leverage and resulted in increased pricing pressure on our products. Moreover, we are exposed to increased concentration of credit risk as a result of the consolidation among
our customers.

Competition

        The global pharmaceutical market is highly competitive, and we compete against other major international corporations which have substantial
financial and other resources, as well as against smaller companies which operate regionally or nationally. Competition within the industry is intense and extends across a wide range of commercial
activities, including pricing, product characteristics, customer service, sales and marketing, and research and development.

        In
addition, as is the case with other pharmaceutical companies selling patented pharmaceuticals, Novartis faces ever-increasing challenges from companies selling products which compete
with our products, including competing patented products and generic forms of our products following the expiry of intellectual property protection. Generic companies may also gain entry to the market
through successfully challenging our intellectual property rights, but we vigorously use legally permissible measures to defend those rights. See also "—Intellectual Property" below. We
also may face competition from over-the-counter (OTC) products that do not require a prescription from a physician. See also "—Regulation—Price Controls" below.

        There
is ongoing consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry. At the same time, new entrants are looking to use their expertise to establish or expand their presence in healthcare,
including technology companies hoping to benefit as data and data management become increasingly important in our industry.

Research and Development

        The discovery and development of a new drug is a lengthy process, usually requiring approximately 10 to 15 years from the initial
research to bringing a drug to market, including approximately six to eight years from Phase I clinical trials to market entry. At each of these steps, there is a substantial risk that a
compound will not meet the requirements to progress further. In such an event, we may be required to abandon a compound in which we have made a substantial investment.

        We
manage our research and development expenditures across our entire portfolio in accordance with our strategic priorities. We make decisions about whether or not to proceed with
development projects on a project-by-project basis. These decisions are based on the project's potential to meet a significant unmet medical need or to improve patient outcomes, the strength of the
science underlying the project, and the potential of the project (subject to the risks inherent in pharmaceutical development) to generate significant positive financial results for the Company. Once
a management decision has been made to proceed with the development of a particular molecule, the level of research and development investment required will be driven by many factors, including the
medical indications for which it is being developed, the number of indications being pursued, whether the molecule is of a chemical or biological nature, the stage of development, and the level of
evidence necessary to demonstrate clinical efficacy and safety.

        We
are a leader in the pharmaceuticals industry in terms of research and development, including the level of our investment. For information about research and development expenditures
by our Innovative Medicines Division over the last three years, please see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—5.A Operating Results—Results of
Operations—2017 Compared to 2016—Innovative Medicines—Research and development of Innovative Medicines Division," and "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects—5.A Operating Results—Results of Operations—2016 Compared to 2015—Innovative Medicines—Research and development of Innovative
Medicines Division."

65

Table of Contents

Research program

        Our research program is conducted by the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR), which is responsible for the discovery of new
medicines. We established NIBR in 2002. The principal goal of our research program is to discover new medicines for diseases with unmet medical need. To do this, we focus our work in areas where we
have sufficient scientific understanding and believe we have the potential to change the practice of medicine. This requires the hiring and retention of the best talent, a focus on fundamental disease
mechanisms that are relevant across different disease areas, continuous improvement in technologies for drug discovery and potential therapies, close alliances with clinical colleagues, and the
establishment of appropriate external complementary alliances.

        At
NIBR sites in Basel, Switzerland, Cambridge, Massachusetts, three other US locations, and Shanghai, China, approximately 6,000 full-time equivalent scientists, physicians and business
professionals contribute to research into disease areas such as cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neuroscience, oncology, muscle disorders, ophthalmology, autoimmune diseases, and respiratory
diseases. In addition, the Novartis Institute for Tropical Diseases (NITD), the Friedrich Miescher Institute, and the Genomics Institute of the Novartis Research Foundation focus on basic genetic and
genomic research. NITD is currently focused on parasitic pathogens, including malaria and cryptosporidiosis.

        All
drug candidates are taken to the clinic via "proof-of-concept" trials to enable an early assessment of the safety and efficacy of the drug while collecting basic information on
pharmacokinetics and tolerability, and adhering to the guidance for early clinical testing set forth by health authorities. Following proof-of-concept, our Global Drug Development unit conducts
confirmatory trials on the drug candidates.

        In
October 2016, we announced a new strategic plan for research that includes the creation of a unified early discovery research group based in Basel, Switzerland and Cambridge,
Massachusetts, the creation of two centers of excellence for bio-therapeutic research in Basel, Switzerland and Cambridge, Massachusetts, the creation of an enterprise wide pharmacokinetics sciences
group and growth of our respiratory diseases research group. As part of this plan, the Novartis Institute for Tropical Diseases (NITD) moved its research programs and operations from Singapore to
Emeryville, California, where, as of June 2017, it is co-located with our infectious diseases research team. The creation of the two centers of excellence in bio-therapeutics resulted in the closure
of a biologics group in Shanghai, China and the closure of ESBATech, a biologics group in Schlieren, Switzerland in 2017. In 2017 we also completed the exit of all internal non-human primate research
resulting in the closure of operations focused on non-human primate research in Fort Worth, Texas.

Development program

        Our Global Drug Development (GDD) organization oversees drug development activities for our Innovative Medicines Division. GDD works
collaboratively with NIBR to execute our overall pipeline strategy and takes an enterprise approach to pipeline and portfolio management. The GDD organization includes centralized global functions
such as Regulatory Affairs and Global Development Operations, and Global Development units aligned with our business franchises. GDD was created to improve resource allocation, technology
implementation and process standardization to further increase innovation. GDD includes approximately 10,000 full-time equivalent associates worldwide.

        Under
our Global Drug Development unit, the focus of our development program is to determine the safety and efficacy of a potential new medicine in humans.

        The
traditional model of development comprises three phases, which are defined as follows:

Phase I:
    These are the first clinical trials of a new compound, generally performed in a small number of healthy human volunteers,
to assess the drug's safety profile, including the safe dosage range. These trials also determine how a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted, and the duration of its action.

66

Table of Contents

Phase II:
    Clinical studies performed with patients who have the target disease, with the aim of continuing the Phase I safety
assessment in a larger group, assessing the efficacy of the drug in the patient population, and determining the appropriate doses for further evaluation.

Phase III:
    Large-scale clinical studies with several hundred to several thousand patients, which are conducted to establish the
safety and efficacy of the drug in specific indications for regulatory approval. Phase III trials may also be used to compare a new drug against a current standard of care to evaluate the
overall benefit-risk relationship of the new medicine.

        In
each of these phases, physicians monitor volunteer patients closely to assess the potential new drug's safety and efficacy.

        Though
we use this traditional model as a platform, we have tailored the development process to be simpler, more flexible and efficient. We view the development process as generally
consisting of Exploratory Development where "proof of concept" is established, and Confirmatory Development where this concept is confirmed in large numbers of patients. Exploratory Development
consists of clinical "proof of concept" (PoC) studies, which are small clinical trials (typically 5-15 patients) that combine elements of traditional Phase I/II testing. These customized trials
are designed to give early insights into issues such as safety, efficacy and toxicity for a drug in a given indication and are conducted by NIBR. Once a positive proof of concept has been established,
the drug moves to the Confirmatory Development stage and becomes the responsibility of GDD. Confirmatory Development has elements of traditional Phase II/III testing and includes trials aimed
at confirming the safety and efficacy of the drug in the given indication leading up to submission of a dossier to health authorities for approval. Like traditional Phase III testing, this
stage can also include trials which compare the drug to the current standard of care for the disease, in order to evaluate the drug's overall risk/benefit profile.

        The
vast amount of data that must be collected and evaluated makes clinical testing the most time-consuming and expensive part of new drug development. The next stage in the drug
development process is to seek registration for the new drug. For more information, see "—Regulation."

        At
each phase of clinical development, our activities are managed by our Innovation Management Board (IMB). The IMB is responsible for oversight over all major aspects of our development
portfolio and oversees our drug development budget. In particular, the IMB is responsible for the endorsement of proposals to commence the first clinical trials of a development compound, and of major
project phase transitions and milestones following a positive proof of concept outcome, including transitions to full development and the decision to submit a regulatory application to the health
authorities. The IMB is also responsible for project discontinuations, for the endorsement of overall development strategy and the endorsement of development project priorities. The IMB is chaired by
our Global Head of Drug Development and Chief Medical Officer and has representatives from Novartis senior management with expertise spanning multiple fields, among its core members and extended
membership.

Alliances and acquisitions

        Our Innovative Medicines Division enters into business development agreements with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and with
academic and other institutions in order to develop new products and access new markets. We license products that complement our
current product line and are appropriate to our business strategy. Therapeutic area strategies have been established to focus on alliances and acquisition activities for key disease areas and
indications that are expected to be growth drivers in the future. We review products and compounds we are considering licensing using the same criteria as we use for our own internally discovered
drugs.

        On
January 19, 2018, we successfully completed our previously-announced tender offer for all of the then outstanding ordinary shares, including ordinary shares represented by
American Depositary Shares (ADSs), of Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. (AAA). As of the expiration of the offer on January 19, 2018, approximately 97% of the then outstanding fully
diluted ordinary shares, including

67

Table of Contents

ordinary
shares represented by ADSs, were validly tendered. In addition, on January 22, 2018, we commenced a subsequent offering period which will expire on January 31, 2018, unless
extended. AAA is a NASDAQ-listed radiopharmaceutical company headquartered in Saint-Genis-Pouilly, France, that develops, produces and commercializes molecular nuclear medicines including

Lutathera

(lutetium (
177
Lu) oxodotreotide), a first-in-class radioligand therapy product for neuroendocrine tumors and a portfolio of
diagnostic products. For additional information, see "Note 2. Significant transactions—Significant transaction entered into in 2017 and closed in January 2018" on page 199 of
the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        In
November 2017, we announced an expanded collaboration with Amgen Inc., and the Banner Alzheimer's Institute to collaborate on a new Generation Study 2 to assess whether
investigational BACE1 inhibitor CNP520 can prevent or delay the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease in a high-risk population.

        In
September 2017, we announced a collaboration agreement with the University of California, Berkeley, (UCB) in the field of covalent chemoproteomics to establish the Novartis-Berkeley
Center for Proteomics and Chemistry Technologies, based at Berkeley. The collaboration will focus on discovery of drug targets on proteins inaccessible to conventional therapeutic molecules.

        In
June 2017, we announced a clinical research collaboration in which Bristol-Myers Squibb is to investigate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of

Mekinist
 (trametinib) in combination with Opdivo®
(nivolumab) and Opdivo® + Yervoy® (ipilimumab)
regimen as a potential treatment option for metastatic colorectal cancer in patients with microsatellite stable tumors where the tumors are proficient in mismatch repair (MSS mCRC pMMR).

        In
April 2017, Novartis announced an expanded collaboration agreement with Amgen to co-commercialize AMG 334 (erenumab) in the US, currently being investigated for the prevention of
migraine. Novartis retains exclusive rights to commercialize AMG 334 in the rest of the world and gains commercialization rights in Canada. This agreement builds on the previously-announced 2015
global collaboration between Novartis and Amgen.

        In
January 2017, we entered into a collaboration and option agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Ionis), and its affiliate Akcea Therapeutics, Inc. (Akcea), to
license two investigational treatments with the potential to significantly reduce cardiovascular risk in patients suffering from high levels of lipoproteins known as Lp(a) and ApoCIII. The two
investigational antisense therapies developed by Ionis—called AKCEA-APO(a)-L
Rx
 and AKCEA-APOCIII-L
Rx
—have the potential to lower both lipoproteins up to
90% and significantly reduce cardiovascular risk in high-risk patient populations. In addition, Novartis entered into a stock purchase agreement with Ionis and Akcea. This transaction was completed on
February 14, 2017.

        In
December 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Encore Vision, Inc., a privately-held company focused on the development of UNR844 (formerly EV06),
an investigational, first-in-class potentially disease modifying topical treatment for presbyopia. This acquisition was completed on January 20, 2017.

        In
December 2016, we signed an exclusive option, collaboration and license agreement with Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc., for the global rights to VAY785 (emricasan), an
investigational, first-in-class, oral, pan-caspase inhibitor for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with advanced fibrosis and cirrhosis of the liver. Novartis exercised the option on
May 4, 2017. Novartis obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize products containing emricasan on July 5, 2017.

        In
December 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Ziarco Group Limited, a privately held company focused on the development of novel treatments in
dermatology including ZPL389, a once-daily oral H
4
 receptor antagonist in development for atopic dermatitis. This acquisition was completed on January 20, 2017.

68

Table of Contents

        In
November 2016, we acquired Reprixys Pharmaceuticals Corporation and SEG101 (crizanlizumab), an anti-P-selectin antibody being investigated in the reduction of vaso-occlusive pain
crises in patients with sickle cell disease.

        In
June 2016, we announced a collaboration and licensing agreement with Xencor for the development of bispecific antibodies for treating cancer. We are to collaborate with Xencor to
co-develop their two bispecific T cell engaging antibodies targeting CD3xCD123 and CD3xCD20 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia and B-cell malignancies. As part of the agreement, Novartis also
received the right to develop four additional bispecific antibodies and to use other Xencor proprietary antibody engineering technology for up to ten additional biotherapeutic programs across the
Novartis research and development portfolio.

        In
January 2016, we announced a collaboration and licensing agreement with Surface Oncology, which gives Novartis access to four pre-clinical programs in immuno-oncology. These programs
target regulatory T cell populations, inhibitory cytokines, and immunosuppressive metabolites in the tumor microenvironment.

        In
March 2015, we entered into a collaboration with Aduro Biotech focused on the discovery and development of next generation cancer immunotherapies targeting the STING signaling
pathway. STING is a signaling pathway that when activated is known to initiate broad innate and adaptive immune responses in tumors. Aduro's novel small molecule cyclic dinucleotides (CDNs) have
proven to generate an immune response in preclinical models that specifically attacks tumor cells.

        In
January 2015, we announced collaboration and licensing agreements with Intellia Therapeutics for the discovery and development of new medicines using CRISPR genome editing technology
and Caribou Biosciences for the development of drug discovery tools. CRISPR, an acronym that stands for clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats, is an approach that allows scientists
to easily and precisely edit the genes of targeted cells. In a short period of time it has proven to be a powerful tool for creating very specific models of disease for use in drug discovery and has
potential for use as a therapeutic modality for treating disease at the genetic level by deleting, repairing or replacing the genes that cause disease.

        As
part of our previously-announced exclusive global research and development collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) to develop and commercialize targeted chimeric
antigen receptor (CAR) immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer, in February 2016 Penn opened the Center for Advanced Cellular Therapeutics (CACT) at the Perelman School of Medicine campus in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The CACT is a first of its kind research and development center established specifically to develop and manufacture adoptive T cell immunotherapies under the research
collaboration guided by scientists and clinicians from NIBR and Penn.

Regulation

        The international pharmaceutical industry is highly regulated. Regulatory authorities around the world administer numerous laws and regulations
regarding the testing, approval, manufacturing, importing, labeling and marketing of drugs, and also review the safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products. Extensive controls exist on the
non-clinical and clinical development of pharmaceutical products. These regulatory requirements, and the implementation of them by local health authorities around the globe, are a major factor in
determining whether a substance can be developed into a marketable product, and the amount of time and expense associated with that development.

        Health
authorities, including those in the US, EU and Japan, have high standards of technical evaluation. The introduction of new pharmaceutical products generally entails a lengthy
approval process. Products must be authorized or registered prior to marketing, and such authorization or registration must subsequently be maintained. In recent years, the registration process has
required increased testing and

69

Table of Contents

documentation
for the approval of new drugs, with a corresponding increase in the expense of product introduction.

        To
register a pharmaceutical product, a registration dossier containing evidence establishing the safety, efficacy and quality of the product must be submitted to regulatory authorities.
Generally, a therapeutic product must be registered in each country in which it will be sold. In every country, the submission of an application to a regulatory authority does not guarantee that
approval to market the product will be granted. Although the criteria for the registration of therapeutic drugs are similar in most countries, the formal structure of the necessary registration
documents and the specific requirements, including risk tolerance, of the local health authorities can vary significantly from country to country. It is possible that a drug can be registered and
marketed in one country while the registration authority in another country may, prior to registration, request additional information from the pharmaceutical company or even reject the product. It is
also possible that a drug may be approved for different indications in different countries.

        The
registration process generally takes between six months and several years, depending on the country, the quality of the data submitted, the efficiency of the registration authority's
procedures and
the nature of the product. Many countries provide for accelerated processing of registration applications for innovative products of particular therapeutic interest. In recent years, efforts have been
made among the US, the EU and Japan to harmonize registration requirements in order to achieve shorter development and registration times for medical products. However, the requirement in many
countries to negotiate selling prices or reimbursement levels with government regulators and other payors can substantially extend the time until a product may finally be available to patients.

        The
following provides a summary of the regulatory processes in the principal markets served by Innovative Medicines Division affiliates:

United States

        In the US, applications for drug registration are submitted to and reviewed by the FDA. The FDA regulates the testing, manufacturing, labeling
and approval for marketing of pharmaceutical products intended for commercialization in the US. The FDA continues to monitor the safety of pharmaceutical products after they have been approved for
sale in the US market. The pharmaceutical development and registration process is typically intensive, lengthy and rigorous. When a pharmaceutical company has gathered data which it believes
sufficiently demonstrates a drug's safety, efficacy and quality, then the company may file a New Drug Application (NDA) or Biologics License Application (BLA), as applicable, for the drug. The
NDA or BLA must contain all the scientific information that has been gathered about the drug and typically includes information regarding the clinical experiences of patients tested in the drug's
clinical trials. A Supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) or BLA amendment must be filed for new indications for a previously approved drug.

        Once
an application is submitted, the FDA assigns reviewers from its staff, including experts in biopharmaceutics, chemistry, clinical microbiology, pharmacology/toxicology, and
statistics. After a complete review, these content experts then provide written evaluations of the NDA or BLA. These recommendations are consolidated and are used by senior FDA staff in its final
evaluation of the NDA or BLA. Based on that final evaluation, the FDA then provides to the NDA or BLA's sponsor an approval, or a "complete response" letter if the NDA or BLA application is not
approved. If not approved, the letter will state the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA which need to be addressed. The sponsor must then submit an adequate response to the deficiencies in order
to restart the review procedure.

        Once
the FDA has approved an NDA, BLA, sNDA or BLA amendment, the company can make the new drug available for physicians to prescribe. The drug owner must submit periodic reports to the
FDA, including any cases of adverse reactions. For some medications, the FDA requires additional

70

Table of Contents

post-approval
studies (Phase IV) to evaluate long-term effects or to gather information on the use of the product under specified conditions.

        Throughout
the life cycle of a product, the FDA requires compliance with standards relating to good laboratory, clinical and manufacturing practices. The FDA also requires compliance
with rules pertaining to the manner in which we may promote our products.

European Union

        In the EU, there are three main procedures for application for authorization to market pharmaceutical products in the EU Member States, the
Centralized Procedure, the Mutual Recognition Procedure and the Decentralized Procedure. It is also possible to obtain a national authorization for products intended for commercialization in a single
EU member state only, or for additional indications for licensed products.

        Under
the Centralized Procedure, applications are made to the EMA for an authorization which is valid for the European Community. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for all
biotechnology products and for new chemical entities in cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes and AIDS, autoimmune diseases or other immune dysfunctions and optional for other new chemical
entities or innovative medicinal products or in the interest of public health. When a pharmaceutical company has gathered data which it believes sufficiently demonstrates a drug's safety, efficacy and
quality, then the company may submit an application to the EMA. The EMA then receives and validates the application, and appoints a Rapporteur and Co-Rapporteur to review it. The entire review cycle
must be completed within 210 days, although there is a "clock stop" at day 120, to allow the company to respond to questions set forth in the Rapporteur and Co-Rapporteur's Assessment Report.
When the company's complete response is received by the EMA, the clock restarts on day 121. If there are further aspects of the dossier requiring clarification, the EMA will then request an Oral
Explanation on day 180, in which case the sponsor must appear before the CHMP to provide the requested additional information. On day 210, the CHMP will then take a vote to recommend the approval or
non-approval of the application. The final decision under this Centralized Procedure is a European Community decision which is applicable to all Member States. This decision occurs on average
60 days after a positive CHMP recommendation.

        Under
the Mutual Recognition Procedure (MRP), the company first obtains a marketing authorization from a single EU member state, called the Reference Member State (RMS). In the
Decentralized Procedure (DCP) the application is done simultaneously in selected or all Member States if a
medicinal product has not yet been authorized in a Member State. During the DCP, the RMS drafts an Assessment Report within 120 days. Within an additional 90 days the Concerned Member
States (CMS) review the application and can issue objections or requests for additional information. On Day 90, each CMS must be assured that the product is safe and effective, and that it will cause
no risks to the public health. Once an agreement has been reached, each Member State grants national marketing authorizations for the product.

        After
the Marketing Authorizations have been granted, the company must submit periodic safety reports to the EMA (if approval was granted under the Centralized Procedure) or to the
National Health Authorities (if approval was granted under the DCP or the MRP). In addition, several pharmacovigilance measures must be implemented and monitored including Adverse Event collection,
evaluation and expedited reporting and implementation, as well as update Risk Management Plans. For some medications, post approval studies (Phase IV) may be required to complement available
data with additional data to evaluate long term effects (called a Post Approval Safety Study, or PASS) or to gather additional efficacy data (called a Post Approval Efficacy Study, or PAES).

        European
Marketing Authorizations have an initial duration of five years. The holder of the Marketing Authorization must actively apply for its renewal after this first five year period.
As part of the renewal procedure, the competent authority will perform a full benefit-risk review of the product. Should

71

Table of Contents

the
authority conclude that the benefit-risk balance is no longer positive, the Marketing Authorization can be suspended or revoked. Once renewed the Marketing Authorization is valid for an unlimited
period. If the holder does not apply for renewal, the Marketing Authorization automatically lapses. Any Marketing Authorization which is not followed within three years of its granting by the actual
placing on the market of the corresponding medicinal product ceases to be valid.

Japan

        In Japan, applications for new products are made through the Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA). Once an NDA is submitted, a
review team is formed consisting of specialized officials of the PMDA, including chemistry/manufacturing, non-clinical, clinical and biostatistics. While a team evaluation is carried out, a data
reliability survey and Good Clinical Practice/Good Laboratory Practice/Good Manufacturing Practice inspection are carried out by the Office of Conformity Audit and Office of GMP/GQP Inspection of the
PMDA. Team evaluation results are passed to the PMDA's external experts who then report back to the PMDA. After a further team evaluation, a report is provided to the Ministry of Health, Labor and
Welfare (MHLW), which
makes a final determination for approval and refers this to the Council on Drugs and Foods Sanitation which then advises the MHLW on final approvability. Marketing and distribution approvals require a
review to determine whether or not the product in the application is suitable as a drug to be manufactured and distributed by a person who has obtained a manufacturing and distribution business
license for the type of drug concerned and confirmation that the product has been manufactured in a plant compliant with Good Manufacturing Practices.

        Once
the MHLW has approved the application, the company can make the new drug available for physicians to prescribe. After that, the MHLW lists its national health insurance price within
60 days (or 90 days) from the approval, and physicians can obtain reimbursement. For some medications, the MHLW requires additional post-approval studies (Phase IV) to evaluate
safety, effects and/or to gather information on the use of the product under specified conditions. The MHLW also requires the drug's sponsor to submit periodic safety update reports. Within three
months from the specified re-examination period, which is designated at the time of the approval of the application for the new product, the company must submit a re-examination application to enable
the drug's safety and efficacy to be reassessed against approved labeling by the PMDA.

Price Controls

        In most of the markets where we operate, the prices of pharmaceutical products are subject to both direct and indirect price controls and to
drug reimbursement programs with varying price control mechanisms. Due to increasing political pressure and governmental budget constraints, we expect these mechanisms to continue to remain
robust—and to potentially even be strengthened—and to have a negative influence on the prices we are able to charge for our products.

72

Table of Contents

Direct governmental efforts to control prices

         United States.
In the US, as a result of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), the recurring focus on deficit
reduction, and public pressure on elected
officials based on recent price increases by certain pharmaceutical manufacturers, there is a significant likelihood of continued actions to control prices. Specifically, one proposal that has been
repeatedly advanced would impose a government-mandated pricing formula on both patented and generic medications provided through the Medicare prescription drug benefit (Medicare Part D). In
addition, the ACA mandated the creation of
a new entity, the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB), which has been granted unprecedented authority to implement broad actions to reduce future costs of the Medicare program. This could
include required prospective prescription drug discounts or rebates, which could limit net prices for our products. The Medicare Trustees' Report from June 2017 predicted that the projected 5-year
average growth in per capita Medicare program spending is not likely to exceed a specified target level until 2022. If the Chief Actuary for CMS determines that the projected 5-year average growth
rate exceeds the target, the IPAB would then develop savings proposals in the following year based on a savings target set by the Chief Actuary, to be implemented in the second following year. In
October 2017, a bill to repeal the IPAB was passed by the House of Representatives and currently awaits consideration by the Senate. There is also a strong possibility that government officials will
continue to search for additional ways to reduce or control prices, including state legislation mandating drug price controls, which could include limits on annual price increases or maximum price
levels. In 2017, several states passed legislation impacting pricing or requiring price transparency reporting, including California, Louisiana, Nevada and Maryland. The California law will require
60 day advance notification of price increases for products exceeding a specific threshold over the past two years, as well as additional quarterly reporting requirements.

         Europe.
In Europe, our operations are subject to significant price and marketing regulations. Many governments are introducing
healthcare reforms in a further attempt
to curb increasing healthcare costs. In the EU, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of
such products to patients. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general in the EU, particularly with regard to prescription drugs, has become very intense. Increasingly strict analyses are
applied when evaluating the entry of new products, and, as a result, access to innovative medicines is limited based on strict cost-benefit assessments. In addition, prices for marketed products are
referenced within Member States and across Member State borders, further impacting individual EU Member State pricing. As an additional control for healthcare budgets, some EU countries have passed
legislation to impose further mandatory rebates for pharmaceutical products and/or financial claw-backs on the pharmaceutical industry. The calculation of these rebates and claw-backs can be difficult
to predict.

         Japan.
In 2016, the National Health Insurance price calculation method for new products and the price revision rule for existing
products were reviewed, and the
resulting new drug tariffs became effective beginning April 2016. In addition, the MHLW implemented extraordinary price cuts in 2016 for certain products the sales of which have increased more than
100 billion Japanese Yen (one and one half times more than official forecasts). The Japanese government is continuing deliberations of a healthcare reform initiative with a goal of sustaining
the universal coverage of the National Health Insurance program, and is addressing the efficient use of drugs, including promotion of generic use. Meanwhile, the government tentatively initiated a
premium system which basically maintains the price of patented drugs for unmet medical needs in order to promote innovative new drug creation and the solution of the unapproved indication issue. In
December 2016, the Japanese government also announced basic reform principles for fundamental reforms of the drug pricing system to be implemented in 2018. Based on these principles, which include an
increase in the frequency of price cuts from every other year to annually, a revision to the premium system which basically maintains the price of patented drugs for unmet medical needs, and the
introduction of a cost effectiveness

73

Table of Contents

assessment,
the government is deliberating and undertaking fundamental reforms of the drug pricing system in 2017 which will be introduced at the next regular price revision scheduled for April 2018.

        Rest of World.
Many other countries around the world are also taking steps to control prescription drug prices. For example, in 2017,
China, one of our most important
emerging growth markets, organized national price negotiations for certain products directly linked to national drug reimbursement, which will apply nationwide both in public and military hospitals,
with drug price reductions of more than 60% in some cases. Drug prices in China may further decline due to a stated national policy of reducing healthcare costs, including continued strategic
initiatives specifically designed to reduce drug prices. Canada has proposed amendments to its Patented Medicines Regulations in 2017 that could reduce prices for specialty medicines, such as
biologics and medicines for rare diseases, by as much as 30% to 40%. In addition, in 2016, the Colombian government took steps to unilaterally reduce the price of

Glivec
 by up to 43% through a local
procedural mechanism called a Declaration of Public Interest. While the government's use of this exceptional
mechanism as a tool to control the price of a prescription drug and to generally manage its healthcare budget is unprecedented, we continue to contest its appropriateness with respect to

Glivec
 in
Colombia, as its use could become more widespread if upheld in this case, potentially leading to a more systemic impact on drug pricing.

Regulations favoring generics and biosimilars

        In
response to rising healthcare costs, most governments and private medical care providers have instituted reimbursement schemes that favor the substitution of generic pharmaceuticals
for more expensive brand-name pharmaceuticals. In the US, generic substitution statutes have been enacted by virtually all states and permit or require the dispensing pharmacist to substitute a less
expensive generic drug instead of an original patented drug. Other countries have similar laws, including numerous European countries. We expect that the pressure for generic substitution will
continue to increase. In addition, the US, EU and other jurisdictions are increasingly crafting laws and regulations
encouraging the development of biosimilar versions of biologic drugs, which can also be expected to have an impact on pricing.

Cross-Border Sales

        Price
controls in one country can also have an impact in other countries as a result of cross-border sales. In the EU, products which we have sold to customers in countries with
stringent price controls can in some instances legally be re-sold to customers in other EU countries with less stringent price controls at a lower price than the price at which the product is
otherwise available in the importing country. In North America, products which we have sold to customers in Canada, which has relatively stringent price controls, are sometimes re-sold into the US,
again at a lower price than the price at which the product is otherwise sold in the US. Such imports from Canada and other countries into the US are currently illegal. Given the increased focus on
pharmaceutical prices in the US, certain members of the US Congress and select state legislators continue to explore legislation to allow the safe importation of pharmaceutical products into the US
from select countries, including Canada.

We
expect that pressures on pricing will continue worldwide, and will likely increase. Because of these pressures, there can be no certainty that, in every instance, we will be able to charge prices
for a product that, in a particular country or in the aggregate, would enable us to earn an adequate return on our investment in that product.

74

Table of Contents

Intellectual Property

        We attach great importance to intellectual property including patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and research data in order to protect
our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. In general, we seek intellectual property protection
under applicable laws for significant product developments in major markets. Among other things, patents may cover the products themselves, including the product's active ingredient or ingredients and
its formulation. Patents may cover processes for manufacturing a product, including processes for manufacturing intermediate substances used in the manufacture of the product. Patents may also cover
particular uses of a product, such as its use to treat a particular disease, or its dosage regimen. In addition, patents may cover assays or tests for certain diseases or biomarkers, which can improve
patient outcomes when administered certain drugs, as well as assays, research tools and other techniques used to identify new drugs. The protection offered by such patents extends for varying periods
depending on the grant and duration of patents in the various countries or region. The protection afforded, which may vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent and its scope of
coverage.

        In
addition to patent protection, various countries offer data or marketing exclusivities for a prescribed period of time. Data exclusivity may be available which would preclude a
potential competitor from filing a regulatory application for a set period of time that relies on the sponsor's clinical trial data, or the regulatory authority from approving the application. The
data exclusivity period can vary depending upon the type of data included in the sponsor's application. When it is available, market exclusivity, unlike data exclusivity, precludes a competitor from
obtaining marketing approval for a product even if a competitor's application relies on its own data. Data exclusivity and other regulatory exclusivity periods generally run from the date a product is
approved, and so their expiration dates cannot be known with certainty until the product approval date is known.

        In
the US and other countries, pharmaceutical products are eligible for a patent term extension for patent periods lost during product development and regulatory review. The law
recognizes that product development and review by the FDA and other health authorities can take an extended period, and permits an extension of the patent term for a period related to the time taken
for the conduct of clinical trials and for the health authority's review. However, the length of this extension and the patents to which it applies cannot be known in advance, but can only be
determined after the product is approved.

United States

Patents

        In the US, a patent issued for an application filed today will receive a term of 20 years from the application filing date, subject to
potential patent term adjustments for delays in
patent issuance based upon certain delays in prosecution by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). A US pharmaceutical patent which claims a product, method of treatment using a
product, or method of manufacturing a product, may also be eligible for a patent term extension based on the time the FDA took to approve the product. This type of extension may only extend the patent
term for a maximum of 5 years, and may not extend the patent term beyond 14 years from regulatory approval. Only one patent may be extended for any product based on FDA delay.

        In
practice, however, it is not uncommon for significantly more than the 5 year maximum patent extension period to pass between the time that a patent application is filed for a
product and the time that the product is approved by the FDA. As a result, it is rarely the case that, at the time a product is approved by FDA, it will have the full 20 years of remaining
patent life. Rather, in our experience, it is not uncommon that, at the date of approval, a product will have from 13 to 16 years of patent life remaining, including all extensions available at
that time.

75

Table of Contents

Data and Market Exclusivity

        In addition to patent exclusivities, the FDA may provide data or market exclusivity for a new chemical entity or an "orphan drug," each of which
run in parallel to any patent protection. Regulatory data protection or exclusivity prevents a potential generic competitor from relying on clinical trial data which were generated by the sponsor when
establishing the safety and efficacy of its competing product. Market exclusivity prohibits any marketing of the same drug for the same indication.

•
 A new small-molecule active pharmaceutical ingredient shall have 5 years of regulatory data exclusivity, during which time a competitor
generally may not submit an application to the FDA based on a sponsor's clinical data.

•
 Orphan drug exclusivity provides 7 years of market exclusivity for drugs designated by the FDA as "orphan drugs," meaning drugs that
treat rare diseases, as designated by the FDA. During this period, a potential competitor may not market the same drug for the same indication even if the competitor's application does not rely on
data from the sponsor.

•
 A new biologic active pharmaceutical ingredient shall have 12 years of market exclusivity, during which time a competitor may not market
the same drug for the same indication.

•
 The FDA may also request that a sponsor conduct pediatric studies, and in exchange will grant an additional 6-month period of pediatric market
exclusivity, if the FDA accepts the data, the sponsor makes a timely application for approval for pediatric treatment, and the sponsor has either a patent-based or regulatory-based exclusivity period
for the product which can be extended.

European Community

Patents

        Patent applications in Europe may be filed in the European Patent Office (EPO) or in a particular country in Europe. The EPO system permits a
single application to be granted for the EU, plus other non-EU countries, such as Switzerland and Turkey. When the EPO grants a patent, it is then validated in the countries that the patent owner
designates. The term of a patent granted by the EPO or a European country office is generally 20 years from the filing date of the patent application on which the patent is based, subject to
potential patent term extensions and adjustments. Pharmaceutical patents can be granted a further period of exclusivity under the Supplementary Protection Certificate (SPC) system. SPCs are designed
to compensate the owner of the patent for the time it took to receive marketing authorization by the European Health Authorities. An SPC may be granted to provide, in combination with the patent, up
to 15 years of exclusivity from the date of the
first European marketing authorization. However, an SPC cannot last longer than 5 years. The SPC duration can additionally be extended by a further Pediatric Extension of 6 months if the
product is the subject of an agreed pediatric investigation plan. The post-grant phase of patents, including the SPC system, is currently administered on a country-by-country basis under national laws
which, while differing, are intended to, but do not always, have the same effect.

        In
practice, as in the US, it is not uncommon for patent term extensions to not fully compensate the owner of a patent for the time it took to develop the product and receive marketing
authorization by the European health authorities. Accordingly, it is not uncommon that a pharmaceutical product, at the date of approval, will have a patent lifetime of 10 to 15 years,
including extensions available at that time.

Data and Market Exclusivity

        In addition to patent exclusivity, the EU also provides a system of regulatory data exclusivity for authorized human medicines, which runs in
parallel to any patent protection. The system for drugs being approved today is usually referred to as "8+2+1" because it provides: an initial period of 8 years of data exclusivity, during
which a competitor cannot rely on the relevant data; a further period of 2 years of

76

Table of Contents

market
exclusivity, during which the data can be used to support applications for marketing authorization, but the competitive product cannot be launched; and a possible 1-year extension of the market
exclusivity period if, during the initial 8-year data exclusivity period, the sponsor registered a new therapeutic indication with "significant clinical benefit." This system applies both to national
and centralized authorizations. This system has been in force since 2005, therefore some medicines remain covered by the previous system in which EU member states provided either 6 or 10 years
of data exclusivity.

        The
EU also has an orphan drug exclusivity system for medicines similar to the US system. If a medicine is designated as an "orphan drug," then it benefits from 10 years of market
exclusivity after it is authorized, during which time a similar medicine for the same indication will not receive marketing authorization. Under certain circumstances, this exclusivity can be extended
with a 2-year Pediatric Extension.

Japan

Patents

        In Japan, a patent can be issued for active pharmaceutical ingredients. Although methods of treatment, such as dosage and administration, are
not patentable in Japan, pharmaceutical compositions for a specific dosage or administration method are patentable. Processes to make a pharmaceutical composition are also patentable. The patent term
granted is generally 20 years from the filing date of the patent application on which the patent is based, subject to potential patent term extensions and adjustments. A patent term extension
can be granted for up to 5 years under the Japanese Patent Act to compensate for erosion against the patent term caused by the time needed to obtain marketing authorization from the MHLW. As in
the US and EU, patent term extensions in Japan may not fully compensate for the time necessary to develop a product and obtain a marketing authorization. As a result, it is not uncommon for the
effective term of patent protection for an active pharmaceutical ingredient in Japan to be approximately 10 to 15 years, including available extensions.

Data and Market Exclusivity

        Japan also has a regulatory data protection system called a "re-examination period" of 8 years for new chemical entities and
4-6 years for new indications and formulations and a 10 year orphan drug exclusivity system.

Third Party Patents and Challenges to Intellectual Property

        Third parties can challenge our patents, patent term extensions and marketing exclusivities, including pediatric extensions and orphan drug
exclusivity, through various proceedings. For example, patents in the US can be challenged in the USPTO through various proceedings,
including Inter Partes Review (IPR) proceedings. They may also be challenged through patent infringement litigation under the Hatch-Waxman Act. See generally,
"—Sandoz—Intellectual Property" In the EU, EU patents may be challenged through oppositions in the EPO or national patents may be challenged in national courts or national
patent offices. In Japan, patents may be challenged in the Japanese patent office and in national courts. The outcomes of such challenges can be difficult to predict.

        In
addition to directly challenging our intellectual property rights, in some circumstances a competitor may be able to market a generic version of one of our products by, for example,
designing around our intellectual property or marketing the generic product for non-protected indications. Despite data exclusivity protections, a competitor could opt to incur the costs of conducting
its own clinical trials and preparing its own regulatory application, and avoid our data exclusivity protection altogether. There is a risk that some countries may seek to impose limitations on the
availability of intellectual property right protections for pharmaceutical products, or on the extent to which such protections may be enforced. For example, a review of several intellectual property
rights is currently ongoing in the EU (orphan drug

77

Table of Contents

exclusivity,
pediatric extensions, SPCs and regulatory data protection), which could lead to legislative changes in the scope and/or term of protection under those rights. Also, even though we may
own, co-own or in-license patents protecting our products, and conduct pre-launch freedom-to-operate analyses, a third party may nevertheless claim that one of our products infringes a third party
patent for which we do not have a license.

        As
a result, there can be no assurance that our intellectual property will protect our products or that we will be able to avoid adverse effects from the loss of intellectual property
protection or from third party patents in the future.

Intellectual Property Protection for Certain Key Marketed Products and Compounds in Development

        We present below certain additional details regarding intellectual property protection for certain Innovative Medicines Division products and
compounds in development. For each product and compound in development below, we identify issued, unexpired patents by general subject matter and, in parentheses, years of expiry in, if relevant, the
US, EU and Japan that are owned, co-owned or exclusively in-licensed by Novartis and that relate to the product or to the method of its use as it is currently approved and marketed or, in the case of
a compound in development, as it
is currently filed with the FDA and/or the EMA for approval. Novartis may own or control additional patents relating to compound forms, methods of use, formulations, processes, synthesis, purification
and detection.

        Identification
of an EU patent refers to national patents in EU countries and/or to the national patents that have been derived from a patent granted by the EPO. We identify unexpired
regulatory data protection periods and, in parentheses, years of expiry for the products and compounds in development below if the relevant marketing authorizations have been authorized or granted.
The term "RDP" refers to regulatory data protection, regulatory data exclusivity (which in the EU refers to the protections under "8+2+1" regulatory data exclusivity), and to data re-examination
protection systems. We identify certain unexpired patent term extensions, SPCs and marketing exclusivities and, in parentheses, years of expiry if they are granted; their subject matter scope may be
limited, and is not specified. We designate them as "pending" if they have been applied for but not granted and years of expiry are estimable. Such pending applications may or may not ultimately be
granted. In the case of the EU, identification of a patent, patent term extension, marketing exclusivity or data protection means grant, authorization and maintenance in at least one country and
possibly pending or found invalid in others. Marketing exclusivities and patent term extensions include orphan drug exclusivity (ODE), pediatric exclusivity (PE), patent term extension (PTE) and SPC.

        For
each product below, we indicate whether there is current generic competition, which in the case of products containing biologics refers to biosimilar competition, for one or more
product versions in one or more approved indications in each of the major markets for which intellectual property is disclosed. We identify ongoing challenges to the disclosed intellectual property
that have not been finally resolved, including IPRs if instituted by the USPTO. Challenges identified as being in administrative entities, such as national patent offices, include judicial appeals
from decisions of those entities. Resolution of challenges to the disclosed intellectual property, which in the EU may involve intellectual property of one or more EU countries, may include settlement
agreements under which Novartis permits or does not permit future launch of generic versions of our products before expiration of that intellectual property. We identify certain material terms of such
settlement agreements where they could have a material adverse effect on our business. In other cases, such settlement agreements may contain confidentiality obligations restricting what may be
disclosed.

        For
additional information regarding commercial arrangements with respect to these products, see "—Key Marketed Products."

78

Table of Contents

Novartis Oncology Business Unit

Oncology

•
Gleevec/Glivec.
 US: Patent on polymorphic compound form (2019), PE (2019); patent on GIST
method of use (2021), PE (2022); patent on tablet formulation (2018). EU: Patent on polymorphic compound form (2018); patent on GIST method of use (2021); patent on tablet formulation (2023). Japan:
Patent on polymorphic compound form (2019); patent on GIST method of use (2021); patent on tablet formulation (2023).

There
is generic competition in the US, EU and Japan. In the US and EU Novartis has resolved patent litigation with certain generic manufacturers. Novartis is taking steps in some EU countries to
enforce the polymorphic compound form patent, the tablet formulation patent and the GIST method of use patent. The EU GIST method of use patent and polymorphic compound patent are being challenged in
the patent offices and courts of several EU countries. The EU tablet formulation patent is being challenged in the EPO and in the patent office of one EU country.

•
Tasigna.
 US: Patent on compound (2023), pending PE (2024); patents on salt forms (2026, 2027,
2028), pending PE (2027, 2028, 2029); patent on polymorph compound form (2026), pending PE (2027); patents on capsule form (2026, 2027), pending PE (2027, 2028) and patent on method of
treatment (2032), pending PE (2033). EU: Patent on compound (2023); patent on polymorph compound form (2026); patent on capsule form (2027); method of treatment (2030); ODE (2017), PE (2019). Japan:
Patent on compound (2023), PTE (2024); patent on salt form (2026); patent on polymorph compound form (2026); patent on capsule form (2027).

There
is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan. In the US, generic manufacturers have filed ANDAs challenging the salt form patents, the polymorph patent, the capsule form patent
and the method of treatment patent. The EU method of treatment patent, the capsule form patent, and the polymorph compound patent are being opposed in the EPO.

•
Sandostatin
SC and
 Sandostatin
LAR.

Sandostatin
 SC: There is no patent protection in the US, EU or Japan. There is generic competition in the US, EU and Japan.

Sandostatin LAR
: There is no patent protection in the US, EU or Japan. There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan.

•
Afinitor/Votubia
 and
Afinitor Disperz/Votubia

dispersible tablets. US: Patent on compound (2014), PTE (2019), PE (2020); patent on dispersible tablet formulation (2022), PE (2023); two patents on antioxidant (2019), PE on one patent on
antioxidant (2020); patent on tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)/subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) use (2022), PE (2022); patent on breast cancer use (2022), PE (2022); patent on renal cell
carcinoma use (2025), PE (2026); patent on pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor use (2028); RDP for NET of gastrointestinal or lung origin (2019), PE (2019); ODE for TSC/SEGA use (2017), PE (2018); ODE for
pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors use (2018), PE (2018); ODE for TSC/renal angiomyolipoma (2019), PE (2019). EU: Patent on compound (2013), SPC (2018), PE (2019); patent on dispersible tablet
formulation (2022); patent on antioxidant (2019); patent on breast cancer use (2022); patent on renal cell carcinoma use (2022); patent on TSC/SEGA use (2022); ODE
(
Votubia
) (2021). Japan: Patent on compound (2013), PTEs for certain indications/dosages (2018); patent on dispersible tablet formulation (2022); patent
on antioxidant (2019); patent on breast cancer use (2022); patent on pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor use (2026); patent on renal cell carcinoma use (2022); patent on gastrointestinal and lung
neuroendocrine tumor use (2026), PTE (2027); patent on TSC/SEGA and TSC/AML use (2027); ODE (tuberous sclerosis) (2022); ODE (dispersible tablet) (2022). There is currently no generic competition in
the US, EU or Japan. In the US, generic manufacturers have filed ANDAs challenging the compound patent and the patents on breast

79

Table of Contents

cancer
use, pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor use, renal cell carcinoma use and RSC/SEGA use. The US compound, renal cell carcinoma use and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor use patents are being
challenged in IPR proceedings in the USPTO. In the US, Novartis has resolved patent litigation with a generic manufacturer. The EU breast cancer use patent, the EU TSC/SEGA use patent and the EU renal
cell carcinoma use patent are being opposed in the EPO. The Japanese breast cancer use patent is being challenged in the Japanese Patent Office.

•
Exjade
and
 Jadenu.

Exjade
: US: Patent on compound (2017), PTE (2019), ODE for non-transfusion iron overload (2020). EU: Patent on compound (2017), SPC (2021); patent on
dispersible tablet formulation (2023). Japan: Patent on compound (2017), PTE (2021); patent on dispersible tablet formulation (2023). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan.
In the US, Novartis has resolved patent litigation with generic manufacturers relating to
 Exjade
.

Jadenu
 (marketed as
Exjade
 FCT in EU and Japan): The compound patents for

Exjade
 also protect
Jadenu
 (US), and
Exjade
 FCT
(EU/Japan). US: Formulation patent for film coated tablets (2034), ODE for non-transfusion iron overload (2020). EU: Formulation patent for film coated tablets (2034). There is currently no generic
competition in the US, EU or Japan. In the US, generic manufacturers have filed ANDAs challenging the formulation patent.

•
Tafinlar
and
 Mekinist.

Tafinlar
: US: Two patents on compound (2030; 2030); patent on method of use (2029); RDP (2018); ODE (2020). EU: Patent on compound (2029); RDP
(2023). Japan: Patent on compound (2031). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan. The EU compound patent is being opposed in the EPO.

Mekinist
: US: Patent on compound (2025), pending PTE (2027); patent on method of use (2025); three patents on formulation (2032; 2032; 2032); RDP
(2018); ODE (2020). EU: Patent on compound (2025), SPC (2029); RDP (2025). Japan: Patent on compound (2025); patent on method of use (2025); patent on formulation (2031). There is currently no generic
competition in the US, EU or Japan.

Use
of
Mekinist
 with
Tafinlar
 or
Tafinlar
 with

Mekinist
: US:
Patent on combination (2030) ; patent on method of use of combination (2030); RDP on melanoma indication (2018), RDP on non-small cell
lung cancer indication (2020); ODE on melanoma with certain mutations (2021), ODE on non-small cell lung cancer (2024). EU: RDP (2025). Japan: Patent on method of use of combination (2030). There is
currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan.

•
Promacta/Revolade.
 US: Patent on compound (2021), PTE (2022), PE (2023); patent on compound
(2018), PE (2019); two patents on compound (2021), PE (2021); patent on method of treating thrombocytopenia (2021), PE (2021); patent on method of enhancing platelet production (2021), PE (2021);
patent on method of enhancing platelet production (2023), PE (2023); patent on salt form (2025); PE (2026); five patents on formulation of different dose strengths (all 2027), PE (2028); ODE
(2021), PE (2022, 2022). EU: Two patents on compound (2021; 2021), SPC for one compound patent (2025); patent on salt form (2023); patent on formulation (2027); RDP (2020). Japan: Patent on compound
(2021), PTE (2025); patent on salt form (2023); PTE (2023), patent on formulation (2027); RDP (2020). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan. In the US, a generic
manufacturer has filed an ANDA challenging certain patents other than the compound patents. The EU formulation patent is being opposed in the EPO.

•
Votrient.
 US: Patent on compound (2021), PTE (2023), 2 patents on compound (2021, 2021), ODE
(2019). EU: Patent on compound (2021), SPC (2025); RDP (2020). Japan: patent on compound (2021), PTEs (2025, 2026); RDP (2020). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan.

80

Table of Contents

•
Jakavi.
 EU: Patent on compound (2026), SPC (2027); patent on salt (2028); RDP (2023). Japan:
Patent on compound (2026), PTE (2028), PTE (2030); patent on salt (2028), PTE (2028), PTE (2030); patent on method of use (2026), PTE (2027); RDP (2022). There is currently no generic competition in
the EU or Japan. The EU salt patent is being opposed in the EPO.

•
Kisqali
 (formerly LEE011). US: Three patents on compound (2028, 2030, 2031), pending PTE
(2031); two patents on methods of use (2029, 2029); patent on salt (2031); RDP (2022). EU: Two patents on compound (2027, 2029), pending SPC (2032); patent on methods of use (2029); RDP (2027). Japan:
Two patents on compound (2027, 2029).
Kisqali
 is currently not marketed in Japan. There is currently no generic competition in the US or EU.

•
Rydapt
 (formerly PKC412). US: Three patents on methods of use (2022, 2024, 2030); RDP (2022),
ODE (2024). EU: Two patents on methods of use (2022, 2024); patent on formulation (2020); RDP (2027). Japan: Two patents on methods of use (2022, 2024); patent on formulation (2020).

Rydapt
 is currently
not marketed in Japan. There is currently no generic competition in the US or EU.

•
Kymriah
 (formerly CTL019). US: Seven patents on cells and/or pharmaceutical compositions
comprising the cells (all 2031); four patents on methods of use (all 2031); RDP (2029), PE (2030); ODE (2024), PE (2025). EU: Patent on cells and methods of use (2031). Japan: patent on pharmaceutical
compositions (2031).
Kymriah
 is currently not marketed in the EU or Japan. There is currently no generic competition in the US.

Novartis Pharmaceuticals Business Unit

Ophthalmology

•
Lucentis.
 EU: Two patents on compound (2018; 2018), one SPC (2022), RDP (2018). Japan: Patent
on compound (2018), PTE for age-related macular degeneration (2019), PTE for pathologic myopia (2021), PTE for retinal vein occlusion (2023). There is currently no generic competition in the EU or
Japan.

•
Duotrav, Travatan
and
 Travatan
Z.

Duotrav.
 EU: Six patents on formulations (2029). Japan: Patent on methods of use (2014), PTE (2018); two patents on formulations (2029).

Duotrav
 is not
marketed in the US. There is generic competition in some EU countries. There is currently no generic competition in Japan. In the EU, two
formulation patents are being opposed in the EPO.

Travatan.
 EU: Six patents on formulations (2029).
Travatan
 is not marketed in the US or Japan. There is
generic competition in the EU. In the EU, two formulation patents are being opposed in the EPO.

Travatan Z.
 US: Three patents on formulations (2027; 2027; 2029). Japan: Three patents on formulation (2027).
Travatan
Z
 is not marketed in the EU. There is currently no generic competition in the US or Japan. In the US, Novartis has resolved patent litigation with certain generic
manufacturers. In the US one formulation patent (2029) is being challenged in an IPR proceeding in the USPTO.

Immunology and Dermatology

•
Cosentyx.
 US: Patent on compound (2027), pending PTE (2029); patent on method of use
(psoriasis) (2032); patent on method of use (ankylosing spondylitis) (2031); RDP (2027). EU: Patent on compound (2025), SPC (2030); patent on method of use (psoriasis) (2031); RDP (2026). Japan:
Patent on compound (2025), PTE (2026, 2028, 2029); patent on method of use (2031), PTE (2032, 2033); RDP (2022). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU, or Japan.

81

Table of Contents

•
Neoral.
 There is no patent protection for

Neoral
 in the US, EU or Japan. There is generic competition in the US, EU and
Japan.

•
Xolair.
 US: Patent on compound (2018); patents on syringe formulation (2021, 2024). EU: Patents
on syringe formulation (2021, 2024). Japan: Patents on syringe formulation (2021, 2024). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan.

•
Ilaris.
 US: Patent on compound (2024); patent on method of use in cryopyrin-associated periodic
syndromes (CAPS) (2026), patent on method of use in familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) (2026), patent on method of use in systemic onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) (2027), patent on method
of use in hyperimmunoglobulin D syndrome (HIDS) and tumour necrosis factor receptor associated periodic syndrome (TRAPS) (2028); patent on formulation (2029); RDP (2021). EU: Patent on compound
(2021), SPC (2024), PE (2025); patent on method of use in SJIA (2026), patent on method of use in FMF (2026), patent on formulation (2029); RDP (2020). Japan: Patent on compound (2021), PTE for CAPS
(2024), PTE for FMF, HIDS and TRAPS (2026); patent on method of use in familial cold urticaria, neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease and FMF (2026), patent on formulation (2029); ODE for
CAPS (2021); ODE for FMF, HIDS and TRAPS (2026).

Neuroscience

•
Gilenya.
 US: Patent on compound (2014), PTE (2019), pending PE (2019); patent on dose (2027).
EU: Patent on compound (2013), SPC (2018); RDP (2021); patent on formulation (2024), SPC (2026). Japan: Patent on compound (2013), PTE (2018); RDP (2021); two patents on formulation (2024; 2024).
There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan. In the US, generic manufacturers have filed ANDAs challenging the compound patent. The US dose patent is being challenged in an IPR
proceeding in the USPTO.

Respiratory

•
Xolair.
 The information set forth in the IP paragraph for

Xolair
 under the
"Immunology and
Dermatology"
 heading also applies to

Xolair
 for respiratory indications.

Cardio-Metabolic

•
Entresto.
 US: Four patents on combination (2023; 2023; 2023; 2023); two patents on complex
(2026; 2027); RDP (2020). EU: Patent on combination (2023), SPC (2028); patent on complex (2026), SPC (2030); RDP (2025). Japan: Patent on combination (2023); patent on complex (2026); patent on
formulation (2028). There is currently no generic competition in the US, EU or Japan. The EU complex patent is being opposed in the EPO.

Established Medicines

•
Galvus
 and
Eucreas
. EU: Patent on compound
(2019), SPC (2022); patent on combination (2021), SPC (2022); patent on
Eucreas
 formulation (2026). Japan: Patent on compound (2019), PTE on mono
therapy and combinations with sulfonyureas (2024), PTE on mono therapy and combinations with other antidiabetics (2022) PTE on
Eucreas
 combination
(2024); patent on combination (2021); patent on
Galvus
 formulation (2025), PTE (2025); patent on
Eucreas

formulation (2026), PTE (2028);
Galvus
 RDP (2018);
Eucreas
 RDP (2019).

Galvus/Eucreas
 is not marketed in the
US. There is currently no generic competition in the EU or Japan. The EU

Eucreas
 formulation patent is being opposed in the EPO.

•
Exforge
and
 Exforge HCT.

82

Table of Contents

Exforge
: US: Patent on
Exforge
 combination (2019). EU: Patent on

Exforge
 combination/
Exforge HCT
 combination (2019), SPC (2021). There is generic competition in the US,
EU and Japan. The EU
Exforge
 combination/
Exforge HCT
 combination patent is being challenged in the EPO
and in the patent offices of some EU countries. In the EU, Novartis has resolved patent litigation with certain generic manufacturers. We are taking steps to enforce the EU

Exforge

combination/
Exforge HCT
 combination patent against generic manufacturers.

Exforge HCT
: US: Patent on
Exforge HCT
 combination (2023); patent on formulation (2023). EU: patent on

Exforge

combination/
Exforge HCT
 combination (2019), SPC (2021); RDP (2019). Japan: Patent on

Exforge HCT
 combination (2023). There is generic competition in the
US. There is currently no generic competition in the EU.

Exforge HCT
 is not currently marketed in Japan. The EU
Exforge

combination/
Exforge HCT
 combination patent is being challenged in the EPO and in the patent offices of some EU countries.

•
Diovan
 and
Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT. Diovan
: There
is generic competition in the US, EU and Japan.
Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT
: There is generic competition in the US, EU and Japan.

•
Voltaren/Cataflam.
 There is no patent protection in the US, EU or Japan. There is generic
competition in the US, EU and Japan.

•
Exelon
 and
Exelon
 Patch.

Exelon
: There is no patent protection for
Exelon
 capsules in the US or EU. There is generic competition
in the US and EU.

Exelon Patch
: US: Patent on formulation (2019). EU: Patent on formulation (2019). Japan: Patent on formulation (2019), PTE (2023); RDP (2019). There is
generic competition in the US and in most EU countries. There is currently no generic competition in Japan. In the US Novartis has resolved patent litigation with certain generic manufacturers.

Compounds in Development

        We provide the following information for non-marketed compounds in development that have been filed with the FDA and/or the EMA for registration
but have not yet been approved by either agency for any indication.

•
 AMG 334. US (to be co-commercialized with Amgen): Patent on compound (2031). EU: Patent on compound (2029).

SANDOZ

        Our Sandoz Division is a global leader in generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars and sells products in more than 150 countries. In 2017, the
Sandoz Division achieved consolidated net sales of $10.1 billion, representing 21% of the Group's total net sales. Sandoz develops, manufactures and markets finished dosage form medicines as
well as intermediary products including active pharmaceutical ingredients.

        Sandoz
is organized globally in three franchises: Retail Generics, Anti-Infectives, and Biopharmaceuticals. In Retail Generics, Sandoz develops, manufactures and markets active
ingredients and finished dosage forms of pharmaceuticals to third parties. Retail Generics includes the areas of cardiovascular, central nervous system, dermatology, gastrointestinal and hormonal
therapies, metabolism, oncology, ophthalmics, pain, and respiratory, as well as finished dosage form anti-infectives sold to third parties. In Anti-Infectives, Sandoz manufactures and supplies active
pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates—mainly antibiotics—for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale to third-party customers. In Biopharmaceuticals, Sandoz
develops, manufactures and markets protein- or other biotechnology-based products, including biosimilars, and provides biotechnology manufacturing services to other companies.

83

Table of Contents

        Sandoz products were estimated to reach more than 500 million patients worldwide in 2017 and Sandoz strategy is to further increase patient access by
driving sustainable and profitable growth. Sandoz executes on its divisional strategy by focusing on several key priorities, including investing in key markets and therapeutic areas, increasing the
performance of its small-molecule Development and Regulatory organization and maximizing opportunities in biosimilars. Sandoz focuses on products that add more value for patients, payors and
healthcare professionals than standard generics.

        Top
marketed products in the Sandoz generic medicines portfolio include broad-spectrum antibiotic amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, multiple sclerosis treatment

Glatopa
 (glatiramer acetate injection) 20mg/mL,
osteoporosis treatment zoledronic acid, hypokalemia treatment potassium, hyperthyroidism treatment
levothyroxine sodium, oncology therapy cyclophosphamide, and pain medication fentanyl, which is delivered using a transdermal patch.

        Sandoz
also has a strong and continued strategic focus on biosimilars, which it began developing in 1996 and today sells in more than 80 countries. Sandoz is the market leader in
biosimilars and now markets a total of five biosimilars. These biosimilars are:
Omnitrope
, a human growth hormone;

Binocrit,
 an erythropoiesis-stimulating
agent used to treat anemia; filgrastim for neutropenia under the brand names

Zarzio
 outside the US and
Zarxio
 in the US;
Rixathon

(biosimilar rituximab), approved in Europe in 2017 to treat blood cancers and immunological diseases (also approved in the EU as
Riximyo
 under a
duplicate marketing authorization); and
Erelzi
 (biosimilar etanercept), approved in Europe in 2017 to treat multiple inflammatory diseases. Availability
of these biosimilars varies by country.

        The
FDA approved biosimilar
Erelzi
 (etanercept-szzs) in 2016 to treat multiple inflammatory diseases. A confirmatory clinical safety and
efficacy study demonstrated that
Erelzi
 is equivalent to reference medicine Enbrel®. The biosimilar launch in the US is pending litigation
with Amgen, which markets Enbrel®.

        Filings
were accepted in the EU in 2017 for our biosimilar adalimumab, infliximab and pegfilgrastim, and in the US for our biosimilar rituximab in 2017 and adalimumab in 2018.

        We
plan to submit additional data for pegfilgrastim to the FDA in 2019 to address a complete response letter received from the FDA in June 2016.

        According
to IMS Health, as of November 2017, Sandoz holds the global number one position in sales of biosimilars and of generic anti-infectives, oncology and ophthalmic medicines. In
addition, Sandoz holds leading global positions in key therapeutic areas including generic cardiovascular, central nervous system, gastrointestinal, metabolism, pain and respiratory medicines.

        In
2017, product launches in the US included olopatadine hydrochloride 0.2% ophthalmic solution, an authorized generic version of
Pataday

(olopatadine hydrochloride ophthalmic solution) and sevoflurane (Ultane®).

        An
Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for
Glatopa
 (glatiramer acetate injection) 40mg/mL was filed with the FDA in February 2014.
However, the FDA approval and commercial launch of
Glatopa
 40mg/mL has been delayed in connection with an FDA Warning Letter received by Pfizer in
February 2017 related to the Pfizer manufacturing plant at McPherson, Kansas. Pfizer is the contract manufacturer for the fill and finish stage of

Glatopa
 40mg/mL production at its McPherson site. The
FDA re-inspected the Pfizer McPherson site in the fourth quarter of 2017 and issued
Form 483 observations. In response, Pfizer proposed corrective and preventive actions to the FDA. The FDA is reviewing Pfizer's response and we await the conclusion of the FDA's assessment.
Under FDA policy, approval of the Abbreviated New Drug Application for
Glatopa
 40mg/mL is dependent in part on the satisfactory resolution of the FDA's
observations for the Pfizer facility where the final product is made. Therefore, the date of commercial availability of
Glatopa
 40mg/mL is not yet
known.

84

Table of Contents

        In
2017, product launches in various European countries included tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (Gilead's Viread®), emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (Gilead's
Truvada®) and etoricoxib (MSD's Arcoxia®).

        Following
an internal reorganization announced on January 27, 2016, nineteen mature products were transferred from our Innovative Medicines Division to the Retail Generics
franchise of Sandoz.

        Sandoz
also holds operational responsibility for the Novartis Access program. Novartis Access offers a portfolio of medicines to treat chronic diseases in low- and lower-middle income
countries. The portfolio addresses cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, respiratory illnesses and breast cancer, and is offered to governments, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and
other public sector health providers for one US dollar per treatment per month. Effective as of April 1, 2016, operational control for the Novartis Malaria Initiative, our largest
access-to-medicine program, was transferred from our Innovative Medicines Division to Sandoz. As of the end of 2016, these two programs were integrated in the Novartis Social Business unit, which also
comprises the Novartis Healthy Family programs, Sandoz NGO Supply and SMS for Life.

New Products

        Sandoz launched a number of products in various countries in 2017, including:

•
 Emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (Gilead's Truvada®)

•
 Etoricoxib (MSD's Arcoxia®)

•
 Olopatadine hydrochloride 0.2% ophthalmic solution (
Pataday
)

•
 Sevoflurane (AbbVie's Ultane®)

•
 Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (Gilead's Viread®)

Key Marketed Products

        Sandoz markets approximately 1000 molecules in countries around the world. The following are some of the Sandoz key marketed products in each of
its franchises (availability varies by market):

Retail Generics

Product   Originator Drug   Description
Amoxicillin/clavulanic acid   Augmentin®   Antibiotic
Zoledronic acid   Aclasta   Osteoporosis treatment
Potassium   Klor-Con®   Hypokalemia treatment
Levothyroxine sodium   Synthroid®; Levoxyl®   Hypothyroidism treatment
Cyclophosphamide   Endoxan®   Breast, ovarian and non-small cell cancer treatment
Fentanyl   various   Pain treatment

Anti-Infectives

Active Ingredients   Description
Oral and sterile penicillins   Anti-infectives
Oral and sterile cephalosporins   Anti-infectives
Clavulanic acid and mixtures with clavulanic acid   ß-lactam inhibitors
Classical and semisynthetic erythromycins   Anti-infectives

85

Table of Contents

Intermediates   Description
Various cephalosporin intermediates   Anti-infectives
Erythromycin base   Anti-infectives
Various crude compounds produced by fermentation   Cyclosporine, ascomysine, rapamycine, mycophenolic acid, etc.

Biopharmaceuticals

Product   Originator Drug   Description
Omnitrope   Genotropin®   Recombinant human growth hormone
Binocrit and Epoetin alfa Hexal   Eprex®/Erypo®   Recombinant protein used for anemia
Zarzio , Zarxio and Filgrastim Hexal   Neupogen®   Recombinant protein used in oncology
Glatopa   Copaxone® 20 mg/mL   Multiple sclerosis treatment
Erelzi   Enbrel®   Treatment for multiple inflammatory diseases
Rixathon   MabThera®   Treatment for blood cancers and immunological diseases

Biosimilars in Phase III Development and Registration

        The following table describes Sandoz biosimilar projects that are in Phase III clinical trials (including filing preparation) and
registration:

Project/product (1)   Common name   Mechanism of action   Potential indication/ indications   Therapeutic areas   Route of administration   Current phase
GP1111   infliximab   TNF- a inhibitor   Inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis and plaque psoriasis (same as originator)   Immunology   Intravenous   EU: Registration
GP2013   rituximab   Anti-CD20 antibody   Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, rheumatoid arthritis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis, and microscopic polyangiitis (same as originator)   Oncology and Immunology   Intravenous   EU: Approved US: Registration
GP2017   adalimumab   TNF- a inhibitor   Arthritides (rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis), plaque psoriasis and others (same as originator)   Immunology   Subcutaneous   EU: Registration US: Registration
LA-EP2006   pegfilgrastim   Pegylated granulocyte colony-stimulating factor   Chemotherapy-induced neutropenia and others (same as originator)   Oncology   Subcutaneous   EU: Registration US: III (2)

(1)
HX575
epoetin alfa project retired in US due to change in prioritization.

(2)
Resubmission
planned for 2019 to address FDA complete response letter received June 2016.

86

Table of Contents

Principal Markets

        The two largest generics markets in the world—the US and Europe—are the principal markets for Sandoz. The following
table sets forth the aggregate 2017 net sales of Sandoz by region:

Sandoz   2017 Net Sales to third parties
$ millions   %
Europe   4,633   46
United States   3,278   33
Asia, Africa, Australasia   1,391   14
Canada and Latin America   758   7
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   10,060   100
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Of which in Established Markets*   7,383   73
Of which in Emerging Growth Markets*   2,677   27
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

*
Emerging
Growth Markets comprise all markets other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

        Many
Sandoz products are used for chronic conditions that require patients to consume the product over long periods of time, from months to years. Sales of our anti-infective products
are subject to seasonal variation. Sales of the vast majority of our other products are not subject to material changes in seasonal demand.

Production

        The primary goal of our manufacturing and supply chain management program is to ensure the uninterrupted, timely and cost-effective supply of
products that meet all product specifications and quality standards. The manufacture of our products is heavily regulated by governmental health authorities around the world, including the FDA and
EMA. In addition to regulatory requirements, many of our products involve technically complex manufacturing processes or require a supply of highly specialized raw materials.

        We
manufacture our products at facilities worldwide. See also "—Item 4.D Property, Plants and Equipment." Active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured in our own
facilities or purchased from third-party suppliers. We maintain state-of-the-art and cost-competitive processes with quality as a primary goal within our own production network. Those processes
include fermentation, chemical syntheses and precipitation processes, as well as sterile processing. Many biologic medicines are manufactured using recombinant DNA derived technology, by which a gene
is introduced into a host cell, which then produces a human protein. This manufacturing process requires sophisticated technical expertise. We are constantly working to improve current, and to develop
new, manufacturing processes, and to review and adapt our manufacturing network to meet the needs of our Sandoz Division.

        Raw
materials for the manufacturing process are either produced in-house or purchased from a number of third party suppliers. Where possible, we maintain multiple supply sources so that
the business is not dependent on a single or limited number of suppliers. However, our ability to do so may at times be limited by regulatory or other requirements. We monitor market developments that
could have an adverse effect on the supply of essential materials. Our suppliers of raw materials are required to comply with Novartis quality standards.

        Because
the manufacture of our products is complex and heavily regulated by governmental health authorities, supply is never guaranteed. If we or our third party suppliers fail to comply
with applicable

87

Table of Contents

regulations
then there could be a product recall or other shutdown or disruption of our production activities. We have experienced supply interruptions for our products in the past, and there can be
no
assurance that supply will not be interrupted again in the future as a result of unforeseen circumstances. We have implemented a global manufacturing strategy to maximize business continuity in case
of such events or other unforeseen catastrophic events. However, there can be no guarantee that we will always be able to successfully manage such issues when they arise.

        Please
refer to "—Item 4.B Business Overview—Sandoz" above for more detailed information regarding the manufacture of

Glatopa
 40mg/mL.

        In
October 2015, our Sandoz Division received a Warning Letter from the FDA with respect to our Kalwe and Turbhe, India manufacturing sites. The Warning Letter observations follow an FDA
inspection at both sites in August 2014 and were related to deficiencies in current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) for finished pharmaceuticals. The Warning Letter did not contain any new issues
in addition to the 483 observations issued following the August 2014 inspection. In July 2017, the FDA confirmed that it closed out the October 2015 Warning Letter with respect to our Kalwe and Turbhe
sites.

        In
September 2015, the FDA confirmed that it closed out the May 2013 Warning Letter relating to our Sandoz Division oncology injectables manufacturing facility in Unterach, Austria. That
Warning Letter contained two observations which followed an FDA inspection at the site in October 2012, and were related to historical visual inspection practices for products manufactured at the
site. A follow up inspection by the FDA in 2014 resulted in no observations.

Marketing and Sales

        Sandoz sells a broad portfolio of products, including the products of our Retail Generics franchise and biosimilars, to wholesalers, pharmacies,
hospitals and other healthcare outlets. Sandoz adapts its marketing and sales approach to local decision making processes, depending on the structure of the market in each country.

        In
response to rising healthcare costs, many governments and private medical care providers, such as health maintenance organizations, have instituted reimbursement schemes that favor
the substitution of bioequivalent generic versions of originator pharmaceutical products, such as those sold by our Retail Generics franchise. In the US, statutes have been enacted by virtually all
states that permit or require pharmacists to substitute a less expensive generic product for the brand-name version of a drug that has been prescribed to a patient. Generic use is growing in Europe,
but penetration rates in many EU countries (as a percentage of volume) remain well below those in the US.

        Recent
trends have been toward continued consolidation among distributors and retailers of Sandoz products, both in the US and internationally, which has increased our customers'
purchasing leverage. In addition, Sandoz faces increased competition from other manufacturers of generic medicines in the US. These factors have resulted in increased industry-wide pressure on prices
for generic products, particularly in the US, which contributed to a decline in US sales in 2017. Moreover, we are exposed to increased concentration of credit risk as a result of the consolidation
among our customers.

        Legislative
or regulatory changes can have a significant impact on our business in a country. In Germany, for example, the generic market has experienced a major transition and
healthcare reforms have increasingly shifted decision making from physicians to insurance funds.

        Our
Anti-Infectives franchise supplies active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates—mainly antibiotics—for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale to
the pharmaceutical industry worldwide.

        Our
Biopharmaceuticals franchise operates in an emerging business environment, particularly in the US. Regulatory pathways for approving biosimilar products are either relatively new or
still in development, and policies have not yet been fully defined or implemented for the automatic substitution and reimbursement of biosimilars in many markets, including the US. As a result, in
many of these

88

Table of Contents

markets
our biosimilar products are marketed as branded competitors to the originator products. However, a June 2017 US Supreme Court ruling has clarified certain aspects of the US biosimilar approval
pathway under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (see "—Regulation—Biosimilars" for additional information).

Competition

        The market for generic products is characterized by increasing demand for high-quality pharmaceuticals that can be marketed at lower costs due
to comparatively minimal initial research and development investments. Increasing pressure on healthcare expenditures and numerous
patent and data exclusivity period expirations have encouraged more generic product launches, resulting in increased competition among the companies selling generic pharmaceutical products, leading to
ongoing price pressure. In particular, Sandoz faces increased industry-wide pressure on prices for generic products, particularly in the US, driven by factors including customer consolidation and
growing competition from other manufacturers of generic medicines. These factors contributed to a decline in US sales in 2017.

        In
addition, research-based pharmaceutical companies are participating directly in the generic conversion process by licensing their patented products to generic companies (so-called
"authorized generics"). Consequently, generic companies that were not otherwise in a position to launch a specific product may enter the generic market using the innovator's product. In the US, the
authorized generic is not subject to the Hatch-Waxman Act rules regarding exclusivity (see "—Regulation"), which means that the company that launches an authorized generic typically
launches its product at the same time as the generic exclusivity holder. Authorized generics serve as a business opportunity for Sandoz when the product of a research-based pharmaceutical company
loses patent protection and Sandoz secures a license from the research-based pharmaceutical company to launch the authorized generic of that product. Authorized generics can also reduce the ability of
the generic exclusivity holder to recoup its investment in creating the first generic medicine to compete with the originator product.

Development and Registration

        Development of Sandoz Biopharmaceuticals products is jointly overseen by Sandoz and by Novartis Global Drug Development. Development and
registration activities for Retail Generics products, and certain registration activities for Biopharmaceuticals products, continue to be overseen directly by Sandoz.

        Before
a generic pharmaceutical may be marketed, intensive technical and clinical development work must be performed to demonstrate, in bioavailability studies, the bioequivalence of the
generic product to the reference product. Nevertheless, research and development costs associated with generic pharmaceuticals generally are much lower than those of the originator pharmaceuticals, as
no pre-clinical studies or clinical trials on dose finding, safety and efficacy must be performed by the generic company. As a result, generic pharmaceutical products can be offered for sale at prices
often much lower than those of products protected by patents and data exclusivity, which must recoup substantial research and development costs through higher prices over the life of the product's
patent and data exclusivity period.

        While
generic pharmaceuticals are follow-on versions of chemically synthesized molecules, biosimilar products contain a version of the active substance of an already approved biological
reference medicine. Due to the inherent variability and complexity of biologic products, including batch-to-batch
differences and variations following manufacturing changes, the development and the regulatory pathway of biosimilars differ significantly from that of generics.

        The
development of a biosimilar product is much more technically challenging than the development of a typical generic pharmaceutical. While generic pharmaceuticals normally do not
require clinical studies in patients, regulators worldwide do require such targeted studies for biosimilar products. Biosimilars are engineered to match the reference medicine in quality, safety and
efficacy. This is achieved by systematically defining the target range of the reference medicine and then comparing the biosimilar to

89

Table of Contents

the
reference medicine at various development stages to confirm biosimilarity and to establish that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the proposed biosimilar and the reference
biologic. Because the purpose of a biosimilar clinical development program is to confirm biosimilarity and not to establish efficacy and safety de novo, the clinical studies required are less than
those required for a reference biologic. Therefore, the cost of development for a biosimilar is usually less than that of a reference biologic.

        The
Development and Registration staff employed by affiliates of the Sandoz Division are based worldwide, including facilities in Holzkirchen, Germany; Rudolstadt, Germany; Unterach,
Austria; Melville, New York; Hicksville, New York; and Boucherville, Canada. In 2017, Sandoz expensed $0.8 billion in product development, which amounted to 8% of the division's net sales.
Sandoz expensed $0.8 billion in 2016 and $0.8 billion in 2015. For additional information, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—5.A Operating
Results—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis."

Regulation

Generics

        The Hatch-Waxman Act in the US (and similar legislation in the EU and in other countries) eliminated the requirement that manufacturers of
generic pharmaceuticals repeat the extensive clinical trials required for reference products, so long as the generic version could be shown in bioequivalence studies to be of identical quality and
purity, and to be therapeutically equivalent to the reference product.

        In
the US, the decision whether a generic pharmaceutical is bioequivalent to the original patented product is made by the FDA based on an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filed by
the generic product's manufacturer. The process typically takes nearly two years from the filing of the ANDA until FDA approval. However, delays can occur if issues arise regarding the interpretation
of bioequivalence study data, labeling requirements for the generic product, or qualifying the supply of active ingredients. In addition, the Hatch-Waxman Act requires a generic manufacturer to
certify in certain situations that the generic product does not infringe on any current applicable patents on the product held by the holder of the marketing authorization for the reference product,
or to certify that such patents are invalid or the product is non-infringing. This certification often results in a patent infringement lawsuit being brought by the patent holder against the generic
company. In the event of such a lawsuit, the Hatch-Waxman Act imposes an automatic 30 month delay in the approval of the generic product in order to allow the parties to resolve the
intellectual property issues. For generic applicants who are the first to file their ANDA containing a certification claiming non-infringement or patent invalidity, the Hatch-Waxman Act provides those
applicants with 180 days of marketing exclusivity to recoup the expense of challenging the patents on the reference product. However, generic applicants must launch their products within
certain time frames or risk losing the marketing exclusivity that they had gained by being a first to file applicant.

        In
the EU, decisions on the granting of a marketing authorization are made either by the European Commission based on a positive recommendation by the EMA under the Centralized
Procedure, or by a single Member State under the national or decentralized procedure. See "—Innovative Medicines—Regulation—European Union." Companies may submit
Abridged Applications for approval of a generic medicinal product based upon its "essential similarity" to a medicinal product authorized and marketed in the EU following the expiration of the
product's data exclusivity period. In such cases, the generic company is able to submit its Abridged Application based on the data submitted by the innovator company for the reference product, without
the need to conduct extensive Phase III clinical trials of its own. For all products that received a marketing authorization in the EU after late 2005, the Abridged Application can be submitted
throughout the EU. However, the data submitted by the innovator company in support of its application for a marketing authorization for the reference product will be protected for ten years after the
first grant of marketing authorization in all Member States, and can be extended for an additional year if a further innovative indication has been authorized for that product, based on

90

Table of Contents

pre-clinical
and clinical trials filed by the innovator company that show a significant clinical benefit in comparison to the existing therapies.

Biosimilars

        The regulatory pathways for approval of biosimilar medicines are still being developed and established in many countries of the world. A
regulatory framework for the approval of biosimilars has been established in the EU, Japan, Canada and the US, while the WHO has issued guidance. Sandoz has successfully registered and launched the
first biosimilar (or biosimilar type) medicine in Europe, the US, Canada, Japan, Taiwan, Australia and many countries in Latin America and Asia. Sandoz was the first company to secure approval for and
launch a biosimilar under the US biosimilar pathway that was established as part of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA).

        The
approval of biosimilars in Europe follows a process similar to that followed for small molecules. However, biosimilars usually have to be approved through the centralized procedure
because they are manufactured using recombinant DNA technology. As part of the approval process in the EU, biosimilars have to demonstrate comparability to the reference medicine in terms of safety,
efficacy and quality through an extensive comparability exercise, based on strict guidelines set by the authorities. Regulators will only approve a biosimilar based on data which allows the regulators
to conclude that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference medicine and the biosimilar.

        In
the US, under the BPCIA, a biosimilar must be highly similar with no clinically meaningful differences compared to the reference medicine. Approval of a biosimilar in the US requires
the submission of a BLA to the FDA, including an assessment of immunogenicity, and pharmacokinetics or pharmacodynamics. The BLA for a biosimilar can be submitted as soon as four years after the
initial approval of the reference biologic, but can only be approved 12 years after the initial approval of the reference biologic. This pathway is still relatively new and some aspects remain
untried, controversial and subject to ongoing litigation. A ruling by the US Supreme Court in June 2017 clarified several key issues regarding the patent dispute resolution mechanisms in the BPCIA,
including that the biosimilar medicine applicant can provide notice of its intention to commercially market its biosimilar (called the Notice of Commercial Marketing or NCM) to the originator company
for the reference medicine at any time, including before FDA approval of the biosimilar medicine. The Court also clarified that a biosimilar applicant cannot be compelled by federal injunction to
either provide the NCM or to participate in the patent dispute resolution procedures under the BPCIA (also known as the "patent dance"). The Court remanded this matter to the US Federal Circuit, which
in December 2017 determined that such an injunction also is not available under state laws, as the federal BPCIA preempts state laws on this issue.

Intellectual Property

        We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our products do not infringe valid intellectual property rights held by others. Nevertheless,
competing companies commonly assert patent and other intellectual property rights. As a result, we can become involved in significant litigation regarding our products. If we are unsuccessful in
defending these suits, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from selling our products and to potentially substantial damages.

        Wherever
possible, our products are protected by our own patents. Among other things, patents may cover the products themselves, including the product's formulation, or the processes for
manufacturing a product. However, there can be no assurance that our intellectual property will protect our products or that we will be able to avoid adverse effects from the loss of intellectual
property protection in the future.

ALCON

        Our Alcon Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells eye care products. Alcon is a global leader in eye care with
product offerings in eye care devices and vision care. Its products are

91

Table of Contents

sold
in more than 140 countries. In 2017, the Alcon Division had consolidated net sales of $6.0 billion representing 12% of total Group net sales.

        To
meet the needs of patients, ophthalmologists, surgeons, optometrists, opticians and physician specialists, Alcon operates with two global business franchises: Surgical and Vision
Care. Each business franchise operates with specialized sales forces and marketing support.

        Following
an internal reorganization announced on January 27, 2016, Alcon's Ophthalmic Pharmaceuticals products were transferred to our Innovative Medicines Division.

        In
early 2017, we announced a strategic review of the Alcon Division in order to explore all options to maximize value for our shareholders. We have made significant progress in our
ongoing strategic review and have examined all options, ranging from retaining the business to a capital markets solution (e.g., an IPO or a spin-off). As part of this, we have updated Alcon's
strategic plan which confirms that it has the potential to grow sales at or above market while delivering profitability at least in line with the industry. We have also made significant progress on
developing a potential capital markets solution, including financial carve-outs, tax and legal entity structuring, and identifying listing and incorporation locations. Key criteria for a final
decision and timing remain continued Alcon sales growth and margin improvement which need to be demonstrated for multiple quarters leading to potential action not likely before the first half of 2019.

        In
addition, we transferred our over-the-counter ophthalmic products and certain surgical diagnostic products (2017 sales of approximately $0.8 billion) from the Innovative
Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective January 1, 2018. Our prescription Ophthalmic medicines business remains with the Innovative Medicines Division. In compliance with IFRS,
beginning with our first quarter 2018 results, Novartis will update its segment financial information to reflect this transfer, both for the current and prior years, to aid comparability of
year-on-year results.

        In
April 2016, Alcon entered into a strategic alliance with PowerVision to develop an accommodating IOL that has the potential to change focus via a fluid-driven shape-changing
technology.

        In
March 2016, Alcon acquired Transcend Medical, the developer of
CyPass
 micro-stent, a micro invasive glaucoma surgery (MIGS) device to
treat patients with glaucoma. The
CyPass
 micro-stent was initially launched in the US in October 2016.

        In
February 2016, Alcon entered into an exclusive agreement in the field of ophthalmology with TrueVision to distribute
NGENUITY
, a 3D
visualization system which combines a high-dynamic 3D camera, advanced high-speed image optimization, polarizing surgeon glasses, and an ultra-high definition 4K OLED 3D display to create a platform
for digitally assisted vitreoretinal surgery to help improve visualization of the delicate tissues in the back of the eye.

Alcon Division Products

Surgical

        Our Alcon Division's Surgical franchise is the leader in global ophthalmic surgical product sales, offering ophthalmic surgical equipment,
instruments, disposable products and intraocular lenses for use in surgical procedures to address cataracts, vitreoretinal conditions, glaucoma and refractive errors.

        The
Alcon Surgical portfolio includes intraocular lenses (IOLs) and equipment for use in cataract procedures, devices for use in vitreoretinal surgeries, surgical equipment and
diagnostic devices used in refractive surgical procedures, and devices for use in treating patients with glaucoma. Our IOLs include the
AcrySof
 family
of IOLs, with options ranging from monofocal IOLs for basic cataract surgery to specialized IOLs for the correction of presbyopia and astigmatism at the time of cataract surgery; the recently launched

Clareon
 monofocal IOL, made of a new material with an advanced design that enables sharp, crisp vision, low edge glare, and outstanding optic clarity;
and the
UltraSert
 and
AutonoMe

92

Table of Contents

innovative
IOL delivery systems. The Cataract Refractive Suite by Alcon features the
Centurion
 vision system for phacoemulsification and cataract
removal; the
Infiniti
 vision system for phacoemulsification and cataract removal; the
LenSx
 femtosecond
laser used for specific steps in the cataract surgical procedure; the
LuxOR
 ophthalmic microscope; the
ORA
SYSTEM
 for cataract surgery planning and intra-operative guidance during surgery; and the
Verion
 imaged guided system for use
during cataract surgery. The Alcon vitreoretinal portfolio includes the
NGENUITY
 3D visualization system, designed to enhance visualization of the back
of the eye, and the
Constellation
 vision system. Our
WaveLight
 devices are used for LASIK and other
vision-correcting refractive procedures, including topography-guided procedures marketed under the
Contoura
 brand. The Alcon glaucoma device portfolio
includes the
CyPass
 micro-stent, a micro invasive glaucoma surgery device, and the
EX-PRESS
 glaucoma
filtration device. In addition, Alcon provides advanced viscoelastics, irrigating
solutions, diagnostic ophthalmic products, surgical packs and other disposable products for cataract and vitreoretinal surgery.

Vision Care

        Our Alcon Division's Vision Care franchise develops and markets contact lenses and lens care products and over-the-counter ophthalmic products.
Alcon's broad portfolio of silicone hydrogel, daily disposable and color contact lenses includes our
Air Optix
,

Dailies
 and
Freshlook
 brands. Our
Dailies
 product line
includes the
Dailies Total1
 lens, a first-of-its-kind water gradient contact lens, which is also offered in a multifocal option for patients with
presbyopia. Our
Air Optix
 monthly replacement product line features silicone hydrogel contact lenses in monofocal, astigmatism-correcting, and
multifocal options, as well as
Air Optix Colors
 and
Air Optix
 plus

HydraGlyde
 contact lenses. Our contact
lens care solutions business includes the
Opti-Free
 line of
multi-purpose disinfecting solutions, as well as the
Clear Care
 and
AOSEPT Plus
 line of hydrogen
peroxide lens care solutions. Over-the-counter ophthalmic products that have moved from our Innovative Medicines Division to the Alcon Vision Care franchise include artificial tear and related dry eye
products marketed under the
Systane
,
Tears Naturale
, and

Genteal
 brands;
Naphcon
A
 and
Zaditor
 eye drops for the
temporary relief of ocular itching due to allergies; and vitamins for ocular health marketed under the
ICAPS
 and

Vitalux
 brands.

New Products

        We received a number of approvals and launched a number of products in 2017, including:

•
CyPass
 micro-stent, a micro invasive glaucoma surgery device, received a CE Mark and was
launched in the EU for the treatment of patients with mild to moderate primary open-angle glaucoma in conjunction with cataract surgery. In addition, the

CyPass
 micro-stent has a CE Mark for use as a
standalone procedure in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma who have failed previous medical
treatments.

•
AcrySof
 IQ
ReSTOR
 +2.5D Toric IOL, was approved
by the FDA and launched in the US to address presbyopia and astigmatism at the time of cataract surgery. This IOL features the
ACTIVEFOCUS
 optical
design, to delivers crisp, clear distance vision as well as a range of vision for patients who desire less dependence on glasses.

•
 The
Clareon
 monofocal IOL received a CE Mark and was launched in the EU. This IOL utilizes a
new material and features an advanced design that enables sharp, crisp vision, low edge glare, and outstanding optic clarity. The
Clareon
 monofocal IOL
was launched with the new automated, disposable
AutonoMe
 pre-loaded IOL delivery system.

•
Systane
 Complete lubricant eye drops received a CE Mark. This addition to the

Systane
 product line
offers fast hydration and long-lasting relief, with nano-droplet technology for enhanced coverage. We expect to launch

Systane
 Complete in the EU in 2018.

93

Table of Contents

Key Marketed Products

        The following tables set forth certain key marketed products in our Alcon Division. While we intend to sell our marketed products throughout the
world, not all products and indications are currently available in every country.

Surgical

Cataract   AcrySof family of IOLs, including:
AcrySof IQ monofocal IOLs
AcrySof IQ Toric astigmatism-correcting IOLs
AcrySof IQ ReSTOR presbyopia-correcting IOLs
AcrySof IQ ReSTOR Toric presbyopia- and astigmatism-correcting
IOLs
AcrySof IQ PanOptix presbyopia-correcting IOLs
AcrySof IQ PanOptix Toric presbyopia- and astigmatism-correcting
IOLs
Cataract Refractive Suite by Alcon, including:
Centurion vision system for phacoemulsification and cataract removal
Infiniti vision system for phacoemulsification and cataract removal
LenSx femtosecond laser used for specific steps in the cataract surgical procedure
LuxOR ophthalmic microscope
ORA SYSTEM for cataract surgery planning and intra-operative guidance during surgery
Verion imaged-guided system for use during cataract surgery
Clareon monofocal IOL with the automated, disposable AutonoMe pre-loaded IOL delivery system
UltraSert pre-loaded IOL delivery system
Vitreoretinal   Constellation vision system for vitreoretinal operations
Grieshaber surgical instruments
NGENUITY 3D visualization system
Purepoint laser system and probes
Ultravit vitrectomy probes
Refractive   WaveLight EX500 excimer laser for LASIK and other refractive correction procedures
WaveLight FS200 femtosecond laser for refractive surgery
Glaucoma   CyPass micro-stent for the treatment of mild to moderate primary open angle glaucoma
EX-PRESS glaucoma filtration device

        In
addition, Alcon provides advanced viscoelastics, irrigating solutions, surgical packs, diagnostic ophthalmics, and other disposable products for cataract and vitreoretinal surgery.

94

Table of Contents

Vision Care

Contact Lenses   Air Optix family of silicone hydrogel contact lenses (including Air Optix Colors and Air
Optix plus HydraGlyde lenses)
Dailies family of daily disposable contact lenses (including Dailies Total1 lenses)
FreshLook family of color contact lenses
Contact Lens Care   Clear Care family of hydrogen peroxide lens care solution ( AOSEPT Plus outside of North America)
Opti-Free family of multi-purpose disinfecting solution
Dry Eye   Genteal family of artificial tears
Systane family of artificial tears and related dry eye products
Tears Naturale lubricant eye drops
Allergy   Naphcon A for the temporary relief of ocular redness and itching due to allergies
Zaditor for the temporary relief of ocular itching due allergies
Vitamins   ICAPS family of eye vitamin products
Vitalux family of eye vitamin products

Selected Development Projects

        The following tables provide an overview of certain key projects currently in development within our Alcon Division for the US and/or the EU.
Alcon also has projects in development for markets outside the US and the EU, as well as less significant projects in development for markets throughout the world, including the US and EU. The planned
submission dates in the tables below refer to the primary regulatory filings for each of the development projects listed. Full commercialization may be affected by other factors, including the
potential need for additional regulatory filings, reimbursement status, and time to build product inventory. The term "Advanced" under the Current Phase in the tables below refers to a project for
which a positive proof of concept has been established, and clinical and non-clinical studies are being conducted to establish the device's safety, efficacy or performance, which are needed to address
regulatory requirements for obtaining marketing authorization.

Surgical

Project/Product   Description   Product Category   Planned Submission   Current Phase
A02238   Mid-tier phacoemulsification device   Cataract Equipment   US 2018 EU 2018   Advanced Advanced
AcrySof IQ PanOptix IOL   Presbyopia-correcting trifocal IOL   Cataract Implant   US 2019   Advanced
AcrySof IQ PanOptix Toric IOL   Presbyopia-correcting trifocal IOL for astigmatism   Cataract Implant   US 2019   Advanced

95

Table of Contents

Project/Product   Description   Product Category   Planned Submission   Current Phase
Clareon IOL with the AutonoMe pre-loaded delivery device   Next-generation IOL in automated pre-loaded delivery system   Cataract Implant   US 2019   Advanced
A02062   Extended depth of focus IOL   Cataract Implant   US 2019 EU 2019   Advanced Advanced
A02972   Digital visualization system connected with Constellation vision system   Vitreoretinal Equipment   US 2018 EU 2018   Advanced Advanced

Vision Care

Project/Product   Description   Product Category   Planned Submission   Current Phase
Systane Complete   Lubricant eye drop with nano-droplet technology   Dry Eye   US 2018   Advanced
A00717   Daily disposable line extension   Contact Lens   EU 2018 US 2018   Advanced Advanced
A01660   New daily disposable lens   Contact Lens   EU 2018 US 2018   Advanced Advanced
A02491   New monthly disposable lens   Contact Lens   EU 2020 US 2020   Advanced Advanced
A02931   New weekly disposable lens   Contact Lens   EU 2020 US 2020   Advanced Advanced

Principal Markets

        The principal markets for our Alcon Division include the US, Canada and Latin America, Japan and Europe. The following table sets forth the
aggregate 2017 net sales of the Alcon Division by region:

Alcon   2017 Net Sales to third parties
$ millions   %
Europe   1,570   26
United States   2,541   42
Asia, Africa, Australasia   1,452   24
Canada and Latin America   461   8
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   6,024   100
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Of which in Established Markets*   4,694   78
Of which in Emerging Growth Markets*   1,330   22
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

*
Emerging
Growth Markets comprise all markets other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

96

Table of Contents

        Sales of the vast majority of our Alcon Division products are not subject to material changes in seasonal demand. However, sales of certain of our Vision Care
products, including those for allergies and dry eye, are subject to seasonal variation.

Research and Development

        In 2017, our Alcon Division expensed $0.6 billion in research and development, which amounted to 9% of the Division's net sales. Alcon
expensed $0.5 billion in research and development in each of 2016 and 2015. For additional information, see "Item 5. Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—5.A Operating Results—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis."

        Research
and development activities for Alcon's Surgical franchise are focused on expanding intraocular lens capabilities to further improve surgical and refractive outcomes and on
developing equipment and instrumentation for cataract, vitreoretinal, glaucoma and corneal surgeries. The focus for the Vision Care franchise is on the research and development of new contact lens
materials, coatings and designs to improve patient comfort, on lens care solutions that provide the safety, disinfecting and cleaning power needed to help maintain ocular health, and on products to
address dry eye symptoms.

        Alcon
continues to seek opportunities to collaborate with third parties on advanced technologies for various ocular medical uses. These include the potential to provide accommodative
contact and intraocular lenses for patients living with presbyopia.

Production

        The products of our Alcon Surgical franchise are manufactured at facilities located in the US, Belgium, Switzerland, Ireland, Germany and
Israel. The products of our Alcon Vision Care franchise are manufactured at facilities located in the US, Germany, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Belgium, and Spain. Manufacturing for most Alcon
products is overseen directly by the Alcon Division. Alcon coordinates with Novartis Technical Operations where appropriate. The goal of our supply chain strategy is to efficiently produce and
distribute high quality products.

        The
manufacture of our products is heavily regulated by governmental health authorities around the world, including the FDA. In addition to regulatory requirements, many of our products
involve technically complex manufacturing processes or require a supply of highly specialized raw materials. For some products and raw materials, we may also rely on a single source of supply. The
combination of these factors means that supply is never guaranteed.

        Like
some of our competitors, our Alcon Division faces manufacturing issues from time to time. If we or our third-party suppliers fail to comply fully with regulations then there could
be a product recall or other shutdown or disruption of our production activities. We have implemented a global manufacturing strategy to maximize business continuity in case of such events or other
unforeseen catastrophic events. However, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to successfully manage such issues if and when they arise.

Marketing and Sales

        Our Alcon Division conducts sales and marketing activities around the world organized under five operating regions (Europe (including
Russia)/Middle East/Africa, North America, Latin America/Caribbean, Asia, and Japan). The Alcon Division's global commercial capability is organized around sales and marketing organizations dedicated
to the Surgical and Vision Care franchises.

        Most
of our global Alcon marketing efforts are supported by advertising in trade publications and by marketing and sales representatives attending regional and national medical
conferences. Marketing efforts are reinforced by targeted and timely promotional materials and direct mail to eye care practitioners in the office, hospital or surgery center setting. Technical
service after the sale is provided

97

Table of Contents

and
an integrated customer relationship management system is in place in many markets. We also rely on direct-to-consumer marketing campaigns to promote selected products.

        While
our Alcon Division markets all of its products by calling on medical professionals, direct customers and distribution methods differ across business lines. Alcon Surgical products
are sold directly to hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers, although Alcon sells through distributors in certain markets outside the US. In most countries, contact lenses are available only by
prescription. Our contact lenses can be purchased from eye care professionals, optical chains and large retailers, subject to country regulation. Over-the-counter lens care, dry eye, allergy and
ocular vitamin products can be found in major drugstores, food, mass merchandising and optical retail chains globally, subject to country regulations.

Competition

        The eye care industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change and evolving industry requirements and standards. Our
Alcon Division competes with a number of different companies across its two franchises—Surgical and Vision Care. Companies within this industry compete on technological leadership and
innovation, quality and efficacy of their products, relationships with eye care professionals and healthcare providers, breadth and depth of product offering and pricing. The presence of these factors
varies across our Alcon Division's product offerings, which comprise a broad line of proprietary eye care products. Our principal competitors also sometimes form strategic alliances and enter into
co-marketing agreements in an effort to better compete.

Regulation

        Most of our Surgical products and many of our Vision Care products are regulated as medical devices in the US and the EU. These jurisdictions
each have risk-based classification systems that determine the type of information that must be provided to the local regulatory bodies in order to obtain the right to market a product. In the US,
safety and effectiveness information for Class II and III devices must be reviewed by the FDA. There are two review procedures: a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) for Class III devices, and a
Pre-Market Notification (510(k)) submission for Class II devices. Under a PMA, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA supporting evidence sufficient to prove the safety and effectiveness of
the device. Under a 510(k) submission, the manufacturer notifies the FDA that it intends to commence marketing the product, with data that establishes the product as substantially equivalent to
another Class II product already on the market.

        In
the EU, CE marking is required for all medical devices sold. By affixing the CE Mark, the manufacturer certifies that a product is in compliance with provisions of the EU's Medical
Device Directive. Most such products are subject to a self-certification process by the manufacturer, which requires the manufacturer to confirm that the product performs to appropriate standards.
This allows the manufacturer to issue a Declaration of Conformity and to notify competent authorities in the EU that the manufacturer intends to market the product. In order to comply with European
regulations, our Alcon Division maintains a full Quality Assurance system and is subject to routine auditing by a certified third party (a "notified body") to ensure that this quality system is in
compliance with the requirements of the EU's Medical Device Directive as well as the requirements of ISO 13485.

        Many
of our Vision Care dry eye and allergy products are regulated as over-the-counter pharmaceuticals in the US, and several Surgical diagnostic ophthalmic products are regulated as
prescription pharmaceuticals in the US and the EU. In the US, over-the-counter pharmaceuticals that comply with the FDA over-the-counter monograph regulations may be marketed without prior FDA
approval. Alcon's prescription pharmaceutical products are subject to the same regulatory approval procedures as the prescription pharmaceutical products of our Innovative Medicines Division. See
"—Innovative Medicines—Regulation."

98

Table of Contents

Price Controls

        The prices of our Surgical devices are subject to reimbursement programs and price control mechanisms that vary from country to country. Due to
increasing political pressure and governmental budget constraints, we expect these programs and mechanisms to remain robust—and to potentially even be strengthened. As a result, such
programs and mechanisms could have a negative influence on the prices we are able to charge for our Surgical products, particularly those used in cataract, glaucoma, and vitreoretinal surgeries.

        For
example, in India, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) recently began imposing 75% to 85% price reductions on coronary stents (implantable medical devices intended
to ensure an adequate flow of blood to the heart). The NPPA has begun to evaluate prices on other categories of medical devices, including IOLs used in cataract surgeries. If the Indian NPPA chooses
to impose similar price reductions on IOLs from Alcon, this could have a negative impact on our Surgical franchise sales in India. It is also possible that regulatory agencies in other countries will
consider applying similar price controls on IOLs and other Surgical products sold by Alcon.

Intellectual Property

        We attach great importance to intellectual property including patents, regulatory exclusivities, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and research
data in order to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. In general, we seek intellectual property protection under applicable laws for significant product
developments in major markets. Among other things, patents may cover the products themselves, the processes for manufacturing a product, and particular uses of a product.

        The
protection offered by our intellectual property extends for varying periods depending on its legal life in the various countries. The protection afforded, which may also vary from
country to country, depends upon the type of intellectual property and its scope of coverage. We monitor infringements of our intellectual property and typically challenge such infringements. We also
defend challenges through litigation and administrative proceedings to the validity of our intellectual property. However, because the outcomes of intellectual property challenges can be difficult to
predict, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully protect our intellectual property rights in all cases. If we are unsuccessful in defending such challenges, we may face loss of
exclusivity and increased competition in the affected territories. See generally "—Innovative Medicines—Intellectual Property."

        We
take reasonable steps to ensure that our products do not infringe valid intellectual property rights held by others. Nevertheless, third parties may assert patent and other
intellectual property rights against our products. As a result, we can become involved in significant intellectual property litigation regarding our products. If we are unsuccessful in defending these
suits, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from selling our products and to damages, which may be substantial.

        Worldwide,
all of our major products are sold under trademarks that we consider in the aggregate to be important to our business as a whole. We consider trademark protection to be
particularly important to the protection of our investment in the sales and marketing of our Surgical and Vision Care franchises. The scope and duration of trademark protection varies widely
throughout the world. In some countries, trademark protection continues only as long as the mark is used. Other countries require registration of trademarks and the payment of registration fees.
Trademark registrations are generally for fixed, but renewable, terms.

        We
rely on copyright protection in various jurisdictions to protect the exclusivity of the code for the software used in our surgical equipment. The scope of copyright protection for
computer software varies throughout the world, although it is generally for a fixed term which begins on the date of copyright registration.

99

Table of Contents

4.C    Organizational Structure

        See "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.A History and Development of Novartis," and "Item 4. Information
on the Company—Item 4.B Business Overview—Overview."

4.D    Property, Plants and Equipment

        Our principal executive offices are located in Basel, Switzerland. Our divisions operate through a number of affiliates having offices, research
facilities and production sites throughout the world.

        We
generally own our facilities, or have entered into long-term lease arrangements for them. Some of our principal facilities are subject to mortgages and other security interests
granted to secure indebtedness to certain financial institutions.

        Novartis
Technical Operations manages the production and supply chains of our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Division products through a network of 68 manufacturing sites, as well as
through external suppliers, and warehouse and distribution centers. Our 15 Alcon Surgical and Vision Care manufacturing sites continue to be managed by the Alcon Division.

        The
following table sets forth our major headquarters and most significant production, research and development and administrative facilities. See also "—Item 4.B
Business Overview—Innovative Medicines—Production," "—Item 4.B Business Overview—Sandoz—Production" and "—Item 4.B
Business Overview—Alcon—Production" for a discussion of our manufacturing processes.

Major facilities

Location   Size of Site (in square meters)   Major Activity
Basel, Switzerland—St. Johann   724,000*   Global Group headquarters, global Innovative Medicines Division headquarters, research and development, production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Kundl and Schaftenau, Austria   480,000   Production of biotechnological products, anti-infectives, active drug substances, product development
East Hanover, New Jersey   391,000   Innovative Medicines Division US headquarters, research and development
Barleben, Germany   340,000   Production of broad range of finished dosage forms
Fort Worth, Texas   325,000   Alcon Division headquarters, production, research and development for Alcon Vision Care, Surgical franchises

100

Table of Contents

Location   Size of Site (in square meters)   Major Activity
Changshu (Suzhou), China   230,000   Technical research, development and manufacturing of drug substances and drug intermediates
Cambridge, Massachusetts   205,000   Research and development
Shanghai, China   106,500   Research and development
Ringaskiddy, Ireland   85,000   Production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Johns Creek, Georgia   83,200   Production, research and development for Alcon Vision Care franchise
Ljubljana, Slovenia   83,000   Production of broad range of finished solid and sterile dosage forms
Grosswallstadt, Germany   82,400   Production, research and development for Alcon Vision Care franchise
Hyderabad, India   80,500   General administrative and development global service center
Stein, Switzerland   64,700   Production of sterile vials, pre-filled syringes and ampoules, and of inhalation capsules, tablets and transdermals, and of active pharmaceutical ingredients
Holzkirchen, Germany   64,200*   Sandoz Division headquarters, production of oral films, transdermal delivery systems, matrix patches, product development
Grimsby, UK   64,000   Production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Puurs, Belgium   55,000   Production for ophthalmic medicines and Alcon Surgical franchise
Stryków, Poland   45,000   Production of broad range of bulk oral solid forms
Cork, Ireland   44,800   Production for Alcon Surgical franchise

101

Table of Contents

Location   Size of Site (in square meters)   Major Activity
Rudolstadt, Germany   44,000   Development and production of respiratory technologies and ophthalmics
Rueil-Malmaison, France   43,700*   Administrative offices for Innovative Medicines and Alcon
Johor, Malaysia   43,300   Production for Alcon Vision Care franchise
Irvine, California   39,700   Production, research and development for Alcon Surgical franchise
Houston, Texas   37,400   Production for Alcon Surgical franchise
Huningue, France   35,000   Production of drug substances for clinical and commercial supply
Singapore   35,000   Production for Alcon Vision Care franchise
Barbera, Spain   33,000   Production of tablets, capsules and inhalation products
Basel, Switzerland—Schweizerhalle   31,700   Production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Wehr, Germany   31,700   Production of tablets, creams and ointments
Huntington, West Virginia   27,500   Production for Alcon Surgical franchise
Tokyo, Japan   26,000   Administrative offices for Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and Alcon
Sinking Spring, Pennsylvania   21,800   Production for Alcon Surgical franchise
Batam, Indonesia   21,500   Production for Alcon Vision Care franchise
Morris Plains, New Jersey   15,600   Production for Innovative Medicines Division cell & gene therapies
Princeton, New Jersey   14,300   Sandoz Division US headquarters

*
Change in reported size of site from 2016 Annual Report on Form 20-F primarily due to updates to internal real estate
databases.

102

Table of Contents

        To
support the objectives of Novartis Technical Operations, we are progressing with our network transformation project, under which we are reviewing our manufacturing network to ensure
it can appropriately meet the future needs of the Group. As part of our initial plans under this project, we previously announced the exit of our Sandoz Division plant in Hicksville, New York. This
planned exit is currently on hold pending an assessment of our strategy for the site as part of the wider network review. We now expect the previously announced exit of our Sandoz Division site in
Turbhe, India to be completed in 2018. In May 2017, we announced the planned closure of one manufacturing building at each of our Basel, Switzerland and Schweizerhalle, Switzerland sites by 2019. In
October 2017, we announced our plan to close commercial production operations at our Broomfield, Colorado site over a two year period with production anticipated to conclude by the fourth quarter of
2019. In November 2017, we announced our plan to exit our packaging operations in Wehr, Germany by 2022.

        Our
St. Johann site in Basel, Switzerland, is our largest research and development site as well as the headquarters for the Group and for the Innovative Medicines Division. A
project was started in 2001, known as "Campus," with the aim of transforming the site into a center of knowledge, innovation and encounter with a primary emphasis on international corporate functions
and research activities. At that time, changes needed to be made to the site, since it had originally been designed primarily for pharmaceuticals production, but research and development had come to
account for a greater proportion of our activities there. The project included 17 new buildings, eight of them laboratory
buildings. As of the end of 2017, the Campus project is substantially complete. Through December 31, 2017, the total amount paid on the Campus project is equivalent to $2.3 billion.
These expenditures were funded from internally generated resources.

        In
2012, Novartis announced the construction of a new state-of-the-art production facility to produce solid dosage form medicines for the Innovative Medicines Division in Stein,
Switzerland. We expect our investment in this facility to exceed $660 million. The new facility is planned to replace an older facility. In addition, Novartis plans to invest in new
technologies and packaging facilities for pharmaceuticals at Stein. Stein is planned to be a technological competence center for both sterile and solid dosage form drugs. Through December 31,
2017, the total amount paid and committed to be paid on this project is equivalent to $617 million.

        In
2012, we announced the planned construction of a new state-of-the-art biotechnology production site in Singapore with a planned investment of over $750 million. The new
facility will focus on drug substance manufacturing based on cell culture technology. Ground was broken in February 2013 and construction was completed in the third quarter of 2015 for phase one of
the project. We expect phase one of this project to be operational in 2018 and phase two in 2019. It will be co-located with the pharmaceutical production site based in Tuas, Singapore. In the future,
Singapore is expected to be a technological competence center for both biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturing at Novartis. Through December 31, 2017, the total amount paid and committed
to be paid on this project is equivalent to $723 million.

        A
second expansion of the Johns Creek, Georgia facility was approved in the third quarter of 2014 to add nine production lines for
Dailies

and
Dailies Total1
 contact lenses. This project is now complete. Through December 31, 2017, the total amount paid on this project is
$254 million.

        The
Alcon Division began an expansion of its Singapore facility in 2014 for contact lens manufacturing. The expansion has added 16,000 square meters of space for additional production
lines. In 2017, Alcon began installation of a new contact lens manufacturing platform for certain products currently in development. Through December 31, 2017, the total amount paid and
committed to be paid on this project is equivalent to $161 million.

103

Table of Contents

Environmental Matters

        We integrate core values of environmental protection into our business strategy to protect the environment, to add value to the business, manage
risk and enhance our reputation.

        We
are subject to laws and regulations concerning the environment, safety matters, regulation of chemicals and product safety in the countries where we manufacture and sell our products
or otherwise operate our business. These requirements include regulation of the handling, manufacture, transportation, use and disposal of materials, including the discharge of pollutants into the
environment. In the normal course of our business, we are exposed to risks relating to possible releases of hazardous substances into the environment which could cause environmental or property damage
or personal injuries, and which could require remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater, in some cases over many years, regardless of whether the contamination was caused by us, or by previous
occupants of the property.

        See
"Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.D Risk Factors—Environmental liabilities may adversely impact our results of operations." See also
"Note 19. Provisions and other non-current liabilities" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

  Item 4A.    Unresolved Staff Comments

        Not applicable.

Item 5.    Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

5.A Operating Results

        This operating and financial review should be read together with the Group's consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, which have
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as published by the International Accounting Standards Board.

OVERVIEW

        Novartis provides healthcare solutions that address the evolving needs of patients and societies worldwide. Our broad portfolio includes
innovative pharmaceuticals and oncology medicines, generic and biosimilar medicines and eye care devices. Our mission is to discover new ways to improve and extend people's lives. Our vision is to be
a trusted leader in changing the practice of medicine. Our strategy is to use science-based innovation to deliver better patient outcomes in growing areas of healthcare.

        Following
the completion of a series of transactions in 2014 and 2015, the Group's continuing operations comprise three global operating divisions, Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and
Alcon. We also separately report the results of Corporate activities. The disclosure in this Form 20-F focuses on these continuing operations unless otherwise specified. From March 2,
2015, the date of the completion of a series of transactions with GSK, continuing operations also includes the results from the oncology assets acquired from GSK and the 36.5% interest in GSK Consumer
Healthcare Holdings Ltd. for the period from March 2015 (the latter reported as an investment in associated companies). We sold on March 2, 2015, our Vaccines Division, excluding our
influenza vaccines business, to GSK. Our influenza vaccines business was sold on July 31, 2015 to CSL and our Animal Health Division was sold on January 1, 2015 to Lilly.

Continuing Operations:

•
 Innovative Medicines: Innovative patent-protected prescription medicines

•
 Sandoz: Generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars

104

Table of Contents

•
 Alcon: Surgical and vision care products

•
 Corporate activities

Discontinued Operations:

•
 Vaccines and Diagnostics: Preventive human vaccines and blood-testing diagnostics

•
 Consumer Health: OTC (over-the-counter medicines) and Animal Health

•
 Corporate: certain transactional and other expenses related to the portfolio transformation

        Novartis
has leading positions globally in the areas of each of our three divisions. To maintain our competitive positioning across these segments of the healthcare industry, we place a
strong focus on innovating to meet the evolving needs of patients around the world, working to grow our presence in new and emerging markets, and to enhance our productivity to invest for the future
and increase returns to shareholders. The financial results of our continuing Corporate activities include the costs of the Group headquarters and those of corporate coordination functions in major
countries. In addition, Corporate includes other items of income and expense that are not attributable to specific segments such as certain revenues from intellectual property rights and certain
expenses related to post-employment benefits, environmental remediation liabilities, charitable activities, donations and sponsorships.

        In
January 2018, we announced that Elizabeth (Liz) Barrett has been appointed CEO Novartis Oncology and a member of the ECN, effective February 1, 2018. Mrs. Barrett
succeeds Bruno Strigini who decided to retire from Novartis for personal reasons.

        In
September 2017, we announced that Joseph Jimenez, CEO of Novartis, informed the Board of Directors of his desire to step down as CEO in 2018, after eight years in the position. The
Board of Directors has appointed Vasant (Vas) Narasimhan, M.D., Global Head of Drug Development and Chief Medical Officer, as CEO of Novartis, effective February 1, 2018. Dr. Narasimhan
is a member of the ECN and joined Novartis in 2005.

        In
August 2017, we announced that, effective January 1, 2018, Bertrand Bodson has been appointed to the new role of Chief Digital Officer, reporting to the CEO of Novartis.
Mr. Bodson is responsible for creating and executing a company-wide digital strategy. As part of this strategy, we plan to improve the ways we use data in drug discovery and development, engage
with patients, doctors and other stakeholders, as well as to automate business processes.

        In
early 2017, we announced a strategic review of our Alcon Division in order to explore all options to maximize value for our shareholders. We have made significant progress in our
ongoing strategic review and have examined all options, ranging from retaining the business to a capital markets solution (e.g., an IPO or a spin-off). As part of this, we have updated Alcon's
strategic plan which confirms that it has the potential to grow sales at or above market while delivering profitability at least in line with the industry. We have also made significant progress on
developing a potential capital markets solution, including financial carve-outs, tax and legal entity structuring, and identifying listing and incorporation locations. Key criteria for a final
decision and timing remain continued Alcon sales growth and margin improvement which need to be demonstrated for multiple quarters leading to potential action not likely before first half of 2019.

        In
addition, we transferred our over-the-counter ophthalmic products and certain surgical diagnostic products (2017 sales of approximately $0.8 billion) from the Innovative
Medicines Division to the Alcon Division effective January 1, 2018. Our prescription Ophthalmic medicines business remains with the Innovative Medicines Division. In compliance with IFRS,
beginning with our first quarter 2018 results,
Novartis will update its segment financial information to reflect this transfer, both for the current and prior years, to aid comparability of year-on-year results.

105

Table of Contents

        The
Group is organized into three divisions, Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and Alcon, as well as Corporate activities. Our divisions are supported by the following cross-divisional
organizational units: Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Global Drug Development and Novartis Operations, which includes Novartis Technical Operations, Novartis Business Services and
Novartis Corporate Affairs.

        The
Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) is the innovation engine of Novartis, which conducts drug discovery research and early clinical development trials for our
Innovative Medicines Division and also collaborates with our Sandoz Division. Approximately 6,000 full-time equivalent scientists and associates at NIBR are working to discover new medicines for
various diseases at sites located in the US, Switzerland and China. For more information about NIBR, see "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business
Overview—Innovative Medicines—Research and Development—Research program".

        Our
Global Drug Development (GDD) organization oversees all drug development activities for our Innovative Medicines Division and the biosimilars portfolio of our Sandoz Division.
Development of products for the Surgical and Vision Care franchises within our Alcon Division and of small molecule generics for our Sandoz Division are not included in GDD. GDD works collaboratively
with NIBR, Innovative Medicines and Sandoz to execute our overall pipeline strategy and takes an enterprise approach to pipeline portfolio management. GDD incorporates centralized global functions
such as Regulatory Affairs and Global Development Operations, as well as Global Development units aligned with our business franchises. GDD was created to increase Group-wide coordination of drug
development and to improve resource allocation, technology implementation and process standardization with a goal of further increasing innovation. GDD includes approximately 10,000 full-time
equivalent associates worldwide.

        Novartis
Technical Operations (NTO) was established to centralize management of our manufacturing operations across our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions, with a goal of further
improving efficiency. Manufacturing for Alcon's Surgical and Vision Care franchises continues to be managed by our Alcon Division. NTO is expected to optimize capacity planning and adherence to
quality standards, and to lower costs through simplification, standardization and external spend optimization. Centralization is also expected to improve our ability to develop next generation
technologies, implement continuous manufacturing and share best practices across divisions. NTO includes approximately 26,900 full-time equivalent associates and 68 manufacturing sites across our
Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions.

        Novartis
Business Services (NBS), our shared service organization, delivers integrated solutions to all Novartis divisions and units worldwide. NBS seeks to drive efficiency and
effectiveness across Novartis by simplifying and standardizing services across six service domains: human resources, real estate and facility services, procurement, information technology, commercial
and medical support activities, and financial reporting and accounting operations. NBS has approximately 10,870 full-time equivalent associates in more than 50 countries. NBS works to leverage the
full scale of Novartis to create value across the company and to free up resources to invest in innovation and our product pipeline. NBS continues to transfer the delivery of selected services to its
five Global Service Centers in Dublin, Ireland; Hyderabad, India; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; Mexico City, Mexico; and Prague, Czech Republic.

        In
2017, our Public Affairs and Group Country Management organizations were combined to form Novartis Corporate Affairs to better enable close collaboration among country presidents,
unit heads and Public Affairs.

        In
2017, Novartis continuing operations achieved net sales of $49.1 billion, while net income from continuing operations amounted to $7.7 billion. Of total net sales from
continuing operations, $12.4 billion, or 25%, came from Emerging Growth Markets, and $36.7 billion, or 75%, came from Established Markets. Emerging Growth Markets comprise all markets
other than the Established Markets

106

Table of Contents

of
the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Research & Development expenditure in 2017 amounted to $9.0 billion.

        Headquartered
in Basel, Switzerland, our Group companies employed 121,597 full-time equivalent associates as of December 31, 2017. Our products are sold in approximately 155
countries around the world.

Innovative Medicines Division

        Our Innovative Medicines Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells patented prescription medicines to enhance health
outcomes for patients and health-care providers. Innovative Medicines is organized into two global business units: Novartis Oncology and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Novartis Pharmaceuticals consists of
the global business franchises Ophthalmology, Immunology and Dermatology, Neuroscience, Respiratory, Cardio-Metabolic and Established Medicines.

        In
2017, the Innovative Medicines Division accounted for $33.0 billion, or 67%, of Group net sales, and for $7.8 billion, or 87%, of Group operating income (excluding
Corporate income and expense, net).

Sandoz Division

        Our Sandoz Division develops, manufactures, distributes and sells prescription medicines, as well as pharmaceutical active substances that are
not protected by valid and enforceable third-party patents. Sandoz is organized globally in three franchises: Retail Generics, Anti-Infectives, and Biopharmaceuticals. In Retail Generics, Sandoz
develops, manufactures and markets active ingredients and finished dosage forms of pharmaceuticals to third parties. Retail Generics includes the areas of cardiovascular, central nervous system,
dermatology, gastrointestinal and hormonal therapies, metabolism, oncology, ophthalmics, pain, and respiratory, as well as finished dosage form anti-infectives sold to third parties. In
Anti-Infectives, Sandoz manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates—mainly antibiotics—for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale to third party
customers. In Biopharmaceuticals, Sandoz develops, manufactures and markets protein- or other biotechnology-based products, including biosimilars, and provides biotechnology manufacturing services to
other companies.

        In
2017, Sandoz accounted for $10.1 billion, or 21%, of Group net sales, and for $1.4 billion, or 15%, of Group operating income (excluding Corporate income and expense,
net).

Alcon Division

        Our Alcon Division researches, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells eye care products. Alcon is a global leader in eye care with
product offerings in eye care devices and vision care. Alcon is organized into two global business franchises: Surgical and Vision Care. The Surgical franchise includes technologies and devices for
cataract, retinal, glaucoma and refractive surgery, as well as intraocular lenses to treat cataracts and refractive errors, like presbyopia and astigmatism. Alcon also provides viscoelastics, surgical
solutions, surgical packs, and other disposable products for cataract and vitreoretinal surgery. The Vision Care franchise comprises daily disposable, monthly replacement, and color-enhancing contact
lenses, as well as a complete line of contact lens care products including multi-purpose and hydrogen-peroxide based solutions, rewetting drops and daily protein removers.

        In
2017, Alcon accounted for $6.0 billion, or 12%, of Group net sales, and for $–0.2 billion, or –2%, of Group operating income (excluding
Corporate income and expense, net).

OPPORTUNITY AND RISK SUMMARY

        The healthcare industry is entering a phase of exhilarating progress and change. Over the next two decades, we believe biomedical innovation
will continue to accelerate—spawning new treatments that will have unparalleled impact on humanity, with the potential to tame scourges like cancer and heart disease.

107

Table of Contents

The
digital revolution that is now gaining momentum in healthcare is likely to transform everything from drug research and development to how doctors diagnose and treat diseases. These trends promise
to help society address the changing healthcare needs of aging populations and produce better health outcomes for patients.

        Our
financial results are affected to varying degrees by external factors. Loss of market exclusivity and the introduction of branded and generic competitors could significantly erode
sales of our innovative products. Our ability to grow depends on the success of our research and development efforts to replenish our pipeline, as well as on the commercial acceptance of our products
in the markets. Increased pricing pressure could impact our ability to generate returns and invest for the future.

        We
have a significant global compliance program in place, but any failure to comply with local laws could lead to substantial liabilities. There are strict regulatory requirements
surrounding our manufacturing processes, which introduce a greater chance for disruptions and liabilities. With products sold in approximately 155 countries, our ability to hedge against foreign
exchange fluctuations could have a significant effect on our reported results. We carry a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet, and may incur
significant impairment charges in the future. We pay taxes in numerous countries, and tax authorities around the world have increased their scrutiny of company tax filings. In addition, tax reform
initiatives by the OECD, EU, Switzerland and the US, will require us to continually assess our organizational structure against tax policy trends, and could lead to an increased risk of international
tax disputes and an increase in our effective tax rate, and could adversely affect our financial results. We may also fail to take advantage of rapid progress in digital technologies and in the
development of new business models, and third parties may enter the healthcare field and could supplant our business.

        For
more detail on these trends and how they could impact our results, see "—Factors Affecting Results of Operations" below.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        Novartis had solid performance in 2017 as strong sales of our growth drivers, including
Cosentyx

(secukinumab)
, Entresto
 (sacubitril/valsartan) and other recently launched products, continued to offset the impact of generic competition for our
cancer treatment
Gleevec/Glivec
, which lost patent protection in the US and Europe during 2016. Our results underscore the breadth and strength of our
product portfolio and highlight our success at steering through the patent expiration of one of our biggest-selling drugs.

        Our
divisions had varied results. Sales increased in the Innovative Medicines Division, and the Alcon eye care division returned to growth in 2017. Sandoz Division sales declined, as the
effects of increased price competition in the US more than offset growth in the rest of the world.

        Net
sales for Novartis were $49.1 billion, up 1% in reported terms and up 2% measured in constant currencies (cc) to remove the impact of exchange rate movements. Sales volumes
increased 7% as growth drivers, such as
Cosentyx
 ($2.1 billion; +84%, +82% cc),
Entresto

($507 million; +198%, +195% cc),
Promacta/Revolade
 ($867 million; +37%, +37% cc), and

Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 ($873 million; +30%, +29% cc), more than offset the impact of
patent expirations for
Gleevec/Glivec
 ($1.9 billion;—42%,—41% cc).

        The
impact of currency exchange headwinds eased in 2017 compared to what we have seen for several years, particularly in 2015 when currency fluctuations had a negative 10% impact on
sales. To help investors assess the impact of exchange rates on our performance, we continue to also indicate growth rates in constant currencies.

        Operating
income in 2017 was $8.6 billion (+4%, +7% cc), mainly driven by higher sales, productivity improvements and lower amortization, which were partly offset by generic
competition and higher marketing investments to support product launches. Net income was $7.7 billion (+15%, +12% cc), benefiting from growth in operating income and higher income from our
stake in GSK Consumer

108

Table of Contents

Healthcare
Holdings Ltd.Earnings per share were $3.28 (+16%, +14% cc), benefiting from higher net income and our share buyback program.

        Free
cash flow rose 10% to $10.4 billion, driven mainly by improved cash flow from operating activities.

        We
also present our core results, which exclude the impact of amortization, impairments, disposals, acquisitions, restructurings and other significant items, to help investors understand
our underlying performance.

        Core
operating income was $12.9 billion (—1%, 0% cc). Core operating income margin in constant currencies decreased 0.3 percentage points, mainly due to generic
competition for
Gleevec/Glivec
, and higher launch investments, which were partially offset by expanded gross margins and productivity improvements.
Movements in exchange rates had an additional negative impact of 0.3 percentage points, yielding a net decrease of 0.6 percentage points to 26.2% of net sales.

        Core
net income was $11.4 billion (+1%, +2% cc), benefiting from higher core income from associated companies. Core earnings per share were $4.86 (+2%, +3% cc), reflecting the
benefit of our share buyback program.

        Our
global functional organizations in manufacturing, quality and business services made progress in improving our operations. Novartis Technical Operations (NTO) and Novartis Business
Services (NBS) continued to provide high-quality manufacturing and support services while making sustained productivity improvements through consolidation of our production network and suppliers, and
process standardization. In 2017, these actions delivered productivity improvements of more than $0.3 billion across NTO and NBS. We remain on track to deliver our 2020 annual cost-savings goal
of $1 billion, mainly driven by NTO.

        In
2017, NTO completed its first full year as an integrated global manufacturing organization, delivering synergies across 67 pharmaceutical production facilities worldwide and improving
capabilities through the sharing of skills and excellence across the manufacturing network.

        Several
new product launches in 2017 illustrated the benefits. For example, the launch of our new cancer drug
Kisqali
 (ribociclib,
formerly LEE011) involved contributions from team members from different technology platforms at several sites, as well as a joint effort from a global supply team supporting product launches. Close
collaboration and joint program management helped us deliver products to patients and customers within six hours of approval from health authorities. That compares with four to six days in the best
cases in past launches.

        For
recent launches—including
Kisqali
 and
Rydapt
 (midostaurin) in the US, and
the biosimilars
Erelzi
 (etanercept) and
Rixathon
 (rituximab) in the EU—we were able to
deliver products to patients and customers within 24 hours of approval. We aspire to that timing for future launches, as well.

        We
continued to perform well on quality, underscoring the success of our sustained focus on this area in recent years. Of 217 inspections of our facilities worldwide by health regulators
in 2017, all but two—or 99.1%—were deemed acceptable, up from 98.1% the previous year. Additionally, in June we successfully closed out a warning letter from the US Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) received by our site in Kalwe, India.

        NBS
continues to take steps to improve efficiency through such measures as simplifying and standardizing processes across the company, making the most of our global scale. Working with
colleagues in our Global Drug Development (GDD) organization, for instance, NBS has upgraded our information technology platforms, streamlined hundreds of processes, and launched six new systems in
2017 with the aim of better equipping colleagues to focus on drug development activities. These include the planning, data management, statistical analysis, reporting, funding and management of
clinical trials. These changes

109

Table of Contents

are
expected to simplify work for more than 10,000 Novartis employees and facilitate more effective interactions with 145,000 external clinicians supporting our studies.

2017 Compared to 2016

Key figures

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Net sales to third parties   49,109   48,518   1   2
Other revenues   1,026   918   12   11
Cost of goods sold   (17,175   )   (17,520   )   2   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Gross profit   32,960   31,916   3   4
Marketing & Sales   (12,861   )   (11,998   )   (7   )   (7   )
Research & Development   (8,972   )   (9,039   )   1   1
General & Administration   (2,136   )   (2,194   )   3   2
Other income   1,969   1,927   2   1
Other expense   (2,331   )   (2,344   )   1   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   8,629   8,268   4   7
Return on net sales (%)   17.6   17.0
Income from associated companies   1,108   703   58   58
Interest expense   (777   )   (707   )   (10   )   (12   )
Other financial income and expense   39   (447   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes   8,999   7,817   15   12
Taxes   (1,296   )   (1,119   )   (16   )   (13   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   7,703   6,698   15   12
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Novartis AG   7,703   6,712   15   12
Non-controlling interests   0   (14   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic earnings per share ($)   3.28   2.82   16   14
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Free cash flow   10,428   9,455   10

nm = not meaningful

Group Overview

        Novartis had solid performance in 2017 as strong sales of our growth drivers, including
Cosentyx

(secukinumab)
, Entresto
 (sacubitril/valsartan) and other recently launched products, continued to offset the impact of generic competition for our
cancer treatment
Gleevec/Glivec
, which lost patent protection in the US and Europe during 2016. Our results underscore the breadth and strength of our
product portfolio and highlight our success at steering through the patent expiration of one of our biggest-selling drugs.

        Our
divisions had varied results. Sales increased in the Innovative Medicines Division, and the Alcon eye care division returned to growth in 2017. Sandoz Division sales declined, as the
effects of increased price competition in the US more than offset growth in the rest of the world.

        Net
sales for Novartis were $49.1 billion, up 1% in reported terms and up 2% measured in constant currencies (cc) to remove the impact of exchange rate movements. Sales volumes
increased 7% as growth drivers, such as
Cosentyx
 ($2.1 billion; +84%, +82% cc),
Entresto

($507 million; +198%, +195% cc),

110

Table of Contents

 Promacta/Revolade
 ($867 million; +37%, +37% cc), and
Tafinlar + Mekinist
 ($873 million; +30%, +29%
cc), more than offset the impact of patent expirations for
Gleevec/Glivec
 ($1.9 billion;–42%,–41% cc).

        The
impact of currency exchange headwinds eased in 2017 compared to what we have seen for several years, particularly in 2015 when currency fluctuations had a negative 10% impact on
sales. To help
investors assess the impact of exchange rates on our performance, we continue to also indicate growth rates in constant currencies.

        Operating
income in 2017 was $8.6 billion (+4%, +7% cc), mainly driven by higher sales, productivity improvements and lower amortization, which were partly offset by generic
competition and higher marketing investments to support product launches. Net income was $7.7 billion (+15%, +12% cc), benefiting from growth in operating income and higher income from
our stake in GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. Earnings per share were $3.28 (+16%, +14% cc), benefiting from higher net income and our share buyback program.

        Free
cash flow rose 10% to $10.4 billion, driven mainly by improved cash flow from operating activities.

Net Sales by Segment

        The following table provides an overview of net sales to third parties by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines   33,025   32,562   1   2
Sandoz   10,060   10,144   (1   )   (2   )
Alcon   6,024   5,812   4   4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net sales to third parties   49,109   48,518   1   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

Innovative Medicines

        Innovative Medicines Division sales were $33.0 billion, up 1% in reported terms. In constant currencies (cc), sales grew 2%. An 8%
increase in volume more than offset the impact of generic competition (–5 percentage points) and price declines (–1 percentage point). Products
contributing to sales growth included
Cosentyx, Entresto, Promacta/Revolade,
Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist,
 and
Jakavi.

        Regionally,
sales performance was mixed. In the US, sales rose 2% (cc) to $11.1 billion, overcoming the impact of generic competition, mainly for

Gleevec
. Sales in Europe were $11.3 billion, in line with
the prior year in constant currencies as growth drivers offset the impact of patent
loss for
Gleevec/Glivec
. Sales rose 7% (cc) in emerging growth markets to $8.4 billion. Sales in Japan were $2.4 billion, in line with the
prior year in constant currencies.

Novartis Oncology Business Unit

        Oncology sales were $12.3 billion (–4%,–3% cc), as strong performance of existing products and the launch
of new products, including
Kisqali
,
Rydapt
 and
Kymriah
,
helped to partially offset the effects of generic competition on
Gleevec/Glivec
 (–42%,–41% cc). Significant gains on key
hematology products such as
Tasigna
 (1.8 billion; +6%, +9% cc),

Promacta
/
Revolade
 ($867 million;
+37%, +37% cc) and

Jakavi
 ($777 million; +34%, +32% cc) were complemented by
Tafinlar + Mekinist

($873 million; +30%, +29% cc), which was approved for advanced non-small cell lung cancer in addition to the existing use in melanoma.

111

Table of Contents

Novartis Pharmaceuticals Business Unit

Ophthalmology

        Sales in the Ophthalmology franchise were $5.4 billion (–2%,–1% cc), with increased sales of

Lucentis
 (+3%, +4% cc) and

Systane
 helping to partially offset the impact of generic competition.

Immunology and Dermatology

        Sales in the Immunology and Dermatology franchise reached $4.0 billion (+34%, +35% cc).

Cosentyx
 saw continued strong growth,
particularly in the US and Europe, reaching $2.1 billion (+84%, +82% cc).

Ilaris
 also continued strong gains (+42%, +42% cc), helping offset declines in other products mainly due to generic
competition.

Neuroscience

        Neuroscience franchise sales were $3.3 billion (+2%, +2% cc), driven by increases for

Gilenya
 (+2%, +2% cc).

Respiratory

        Respiratory franchise sales were $1.6 billion (+6%, +8% cc). Our chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
portfolio—including
Onbrez Breezhaler
,
Seebri Breezhaler
 and
Ultibro
Breezhaler
—achieved sales of $674 million (+3%, +5% cc). Sales of
Xolair,
 for moderate-to-severe or severe
persistent asthma, as well as for chronic hives, reached $920 million (+10%, +11% cc).

Cardio-Metabolic

        Sales for the franchise were $524 million (+185%, +182% cc).
Entresto
, which has been
launched in nearly 60 countries and used to treat more than 420,000 heart failure patients worldwide, continued to grow and sales reached $507 million (+198%, +195% cc).

Established Medicines

        The Established Medicines franchise had sales of $5.9 billion (–7%,–5% cc). Increased sales of

Galvus
 ($1.2 billion;
+3%, +5% cc) and
Exforge
 ($960 million; +4%, +4% cc) were more than
offset by declines for products such as
Diovan
 ($957 million;–11%,–9% cc) and

Exelon/Exelon
 Patch (–14%,–14% cc) due to generic
competition.

112

Table of Contents

TOP 20 INNOVATIVE MEDICINES DIVISION PRODUCT NET SALES—2017

US   Rest of world   Total
Brands   Business Franchise   Indication   $ m   % change in constant currencies   $ m   % change in constant currencies   $ m   % change in $   % change in constant currencies
Gilenya   Neuroscience   Relapsing multiple sclerosis   1,709   2   1,476   3   3,185   2   2
Cosentyx   Immunology and Dermatology   Psoriasis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis   1,275   67   796   115   2,071   84   82
Gleevec/Glivec   Oncology   Chronic myeloid leukemia and GIST   627   (48   )   1,316   (37   )   1,943   (42   )   (41   )
Lucentis   Ophthalmology   Age-related macular degeneration   1,888   4   1,888   3   4
Tasigna   Oncology   Chronic myeloid leukemia   810   12   1,031   6   1,841   6   9
Sandostatin   Oncology   Carcinoid tumors and Acromegaly   832   (2   )   780   1   1,612   (2   )   (1   )
Afinitor/Votubia   Oncology   Breast cancer / TSC   819   6   706   (3   )   1,525   1   2
Galvus   Established Medicines   Diabetes   1,233   5   1,233   3   5
Exjade/Jadenu   Oncology   Chronic iron overload   515   15   544   8   1,059   11   11
Exforge   Established Medicines   Hypertension   28   180   932   2   960   4   4
Diovan/Co-Diovan   Established Medicines   Hypertension   87   (41   )   870   (4   )   957   (11   )   (9   )
Xolair (1)   Respiratory   Asthma   920   11   920   10   11
Tafinlar + Mekinist   Oncology   Melanoma   339   14   534   41   873   30   29
Promacta/Revolade   Oncology   Immune thrombocytopenic purpura   446   44   421   31   867   37   37
Votrient   Oncology   Renal cell carcinoma   407   14   401   7   808   11   10
Jakavi   Oncology   Myelofibrosis   777   32   777   34   32
Travoprost Group   Ophthalmology   Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure   216   2   373   (9   )   589   (5   )   (5   )
Entresto   Cardio-Metabolic   Chronic Heart Failure   297   161   210   262   507   198   195
Neoral/Sandimmun(e)   Immunology and Dermatology   Transplantation   38   (7   )   450   (4   )   488   (5   )   (4   )
Voltaren/Cataflam   Established Medicines   Inflammation/pain   465   (4   )   465   (11   )   (4   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Top 20 products total   8,445   6   16,123   3   24,568   4   4
Rest of portfolio   2,671   (9   )   5,786   0   8,457   (4   )   (3   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Division sales   11,116   2   21,909   2   33,025   1   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Net
sales reflect
Xolair
 sales for all indications (e.g. including

Xolair
 SAA and
Xolair
 CSU, which is
managed by the Immunology and Dermatology franchise).

        For
information about the approved indications for the products described below, see "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business
Overview—Innovative Medicines—Key Marketed Products".

Gilenya
 ($3.2 billion, +2% cc) sales continued to grow across regions, mainly driven by volume.

Cosentyx
 ($2.1 billion, +82% cc) showed strong growth across all indications.

Gleevec/Glivec
 ($1.9 billion, –41% cc) continued to decline this year driven by generic competition primarily
across Europe and the US.

113

Table of Contents

Lucentis
 ($1.9 billion, +4% cc) sales continued to grow driven by market expansion in Europe, Japan and
Emerging Growth Markets, and reimbursement listing in China for neovascular age-related macular degeneration.

Tasigna
 ($1.8 billion, +9% cc) continued to grow this year primarily in the US and Emerging Growth Markets despite some impact of
generic imatinib in Europe for patients with previously untreated Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia.

Sandostatin
 ($1.6 billion, –1% cc) declined slightly this year driven by increased competitive pressure primarily
in the US and Japan partially offset by growth in Latin America and Emerging Growth Markets.

Afinitor/Votubia
 ($1.5 billion, +2% cc) grew slightly this year as the neuroendocrine tumors and tuberous sclerosis complex
indications compensated for competitive pressure in the breast cancer and renal cell carcinoma indications.

Galvus
 Group ($1.2 billion, +5% cc) continues to grow driven by solid performance in Japan and Emerging Growth Markets.

Exjade/Jadenu
 ($1.1 billion, +11% cc) sales growth was primarily driven by solid growth in the US in addition to continued uptake
of the film-coated tablet formulation in Europe.

Exforge
 Group ($960 million, +4% cc) grew despite ongoing generic competition in the US and Japan, and new generic competition in
Europe in 2017. Growth was driven by Emerging Growth Markets.

Diovan
 Group ($957 million, –9% cc) saw sales decline due to loss of exclusivity including in the US, EU and Japan,
while sales continued to grow in China and some Emerging Growth Markets.

Xolair
 ($920 million, +11% cc) sales showed balanced growth across all regions.

Tafinlar + Mekinist
 ($873 million, +29% cc) sales growth was primarily driven by combination uptake across Europe in
addition to launch uptake in the US for the non-small cell lung cancer indication.

Promacta/Revolade
 ($867 million, +37% cc) continued to deliver solid double-digit growth across all regions.

Votrient
 ($808 million, +10% cc) worldwide growth was driven primarily by the advanced renal cell carcinoma indication both in the
US and in Emerging Growth Markets, specifically China and Asia-Pacific countries.

Jakavi
 ($777 million, +32% cc) delivered strong double-digit growth across all regions driven by continued momentum in the
myelofibrosis indication in addition to reimbursement and launch uptake in the polycythemia vera indication across Europe.

        Travoprost
Group ($589 million, –5% cc) sales declined mainly due to loss of exclusivity in Europe.

Entresto
 ($507 million, +195% cc) performance was driven by growing adoption by physicians in the US and EU, and continued market
access improvement.

Neoral/Sandimmun(e)
 ($488 million, –4% cc) sales declined slightly due to generic competition and mandatory price
reductions, mainly in Europe and Japan.

Voltaren/Cataflam
 ($465 million, –4% cc) sales were impacted by increased generic competition.

Sandoz

        Sandoz net sales in 2017 were $10.1 billion, down 1% in reported terms. In constant currencies, or cc, sales declined 2%. A
6 percentage-point increase in volume was more than offset by the negative 8 percentage-point effect of price erosion. Sales rose 4% (cc) in Europe to $4.6 billion. In the US,
where we continue to see customer consolidation and greater competition, sales were $3.3 billion (–12% cc),

114

Table of Contents

mainly
due to increased industry-wide pressure on prices in generics. Sales in Asia, Africa and Australasia were $1.4 billion, up 1% in constant currencies.

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Constant currencies change
$ m   $ m   %   %
Retail Generics   8,409   8,623   (2   )   (3   )
Biopharmaceuticals   1,135   1,002   13   12
Anti-Infectives (Partner label/API)   516   519   (1   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   10,060   10,144   (1   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

Retail Generics

        Sandoz markets active ingredients, intermediates and finished dosage forms of pharmaceuticals. The Retail Generics franchise includes products
in the therapeutic areas of cardiovascular, central nervous system, dermatology, gastrointestinal and hormonal therapies, metabolism, oncology, ophthalmics, pain and respiratory, plus finished dosage
forms of anti-infectives sold under the Sandoz name. Franchise sales in 2017 were $8.4 billion (–3% cc). Declines in the US (–14% cc) more than offset increased
sales in the rest of the world (+3% cc).

Biopharmaceuticals

        The Biopharmaceuticals business comprises biosimilars; contract biologics supplied to third parties; and a generic version of
Copaxone® 20 mg,
Glatopa
, which treats relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis and is marketed in the US. Global sales of Biopharmaceuticals
grew 12% (cc) to $1.1 billion, driven by
Zarxio
 (filgrastim),
Binocrit
 (epoetin alfa), and the
launch of
Rixathon
 (rituximab) and
Erelzi
 (etanercept) in several European countries.

Anti-Infectives

        Sandoz sells pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates (mainly antibiotics) to third-party customers, as well as finished dosage forms.
Anti-infectives sold to third parties for sale under their own name were $516 million, down 2% (cc) due to the discontinuation of some low-margin products. Total Anti-Infectives sales were
$1.4 billion, in line with the prior year in constant currencies, and included sales of finished dosage forms sold under the Sandoz name of $880 million, up 2% (cc).

Alcon

        Alcon continued to implement its growth plan in 2017, with a focus on strengthening customer relationships, improving operations, and
accelerating innovation and sales. In the US, Alcon launched the
AcrySof IQ ReSTOR
 +2.5 D Multifocal Toric intraocular lens (IOL) with

ACTIVEFOCUS
 optical
design, which aims to improve distance vision in cataract patients with astigmatism. Other product launches in 2017 include the

CyPass
 Micro-Stent in the EU to treat glaucoma. Alcon also received
European approval for the
Clareon

IOL with
AutonoMe
 pre-loaded delivery system, the first and only automated, disposable IOL delivery system for cataract surgery.

115

Table of Contents

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Constant currencies change
$ m   $ m   %   %
Surgical
Cataract products   2,749   2,695   2   3
of which Consumables   1,443   1,390   4   5
IOLs   995   986   1   3
Equipment   311   319   (3   )   (2   )
Vitreoretinal products   686   616   11   11
Refractive/other   225   207   9   8
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   3,660   3,518   4   5
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Vision Care
Contact lenses   1,833   1,762   4   4
Contact lens care   531   532   0   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   2,364   2,294   3   3
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total net sales   6,024   5,812   4   4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

Surgical

        Surgical sales grew 5% (cc) to $3.7 billion, mainly due to strong performance of products in the vitreoretinal portfolio (+11% cc) and
growth in cataract disposable surgical supplies (+5% cc). Intraocular lenses for cataract surgery grew 3% (cc), as strong performance of new products—including the

UltraSert
 pre-loaded IOL delivery
device, the
PanOptix
 trifocal IOL, and
AcrySof
ReSTOR
 Toric IOL with
ACTIVEFOCUS
 optical design—was partly offset by competitive pressures.

Vision Care

        Vision Care sales grew 3% (cc) to $2.4 billion. Contact lens sales grew 4% (cc) on the back of continued double-digit growth of

Dailies
Total1
, the world's first and only water-gradient lens. Sales of contact lens care products were in line with the prior year in constant
currencies.

Operating Income

        The following table provides an overview of operating income by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   % of net sales   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   % of net sales   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines   7,782   23.6   7,426   22.8   5   7
Sandoz   1,368   13.6   1,445   14.2   (5   )   (7   )
Alcon   (190   )   (3.2   )   (132   )   (2.3   )   (44   )   (14   )
Corporate   (331   )   (471   )   30   27
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   8,629   17.6   8,268   17.0   4   7
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

        Operating
income was $8.6 billion (+4%, +7% cc) as growth drivers, productivity, lower amortization and a gain from achievement of a sales milestone related to the 2015 Vaccines
divestment to GSK more than offset generic erosion. Operating income margin in constant currencies increased 0.8 percentage points compared to the prior year; currency had a negative impact of
0.2 percentage points resulting in an increase of 0.6 percentage points to 17.6% of net sales.

116

Table of Contents

Core Operating Income key figures
(1)

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Core gross profit   36,578   35,806   2   3
Core Marketing & Sales   (12,865   )   (11,991   )   (7   )   (7   )
Core Research & Development   (8,313   )   (8,402   )   1   1
Core General & Administration   (2,135   )   (2,120   )   (1   )   (2   )
Core other income   778   753   3   2
Core other expense   (1,193   )   (1,059   )   (13   )   (13   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income   12,850   12,987   (1   )   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of net sales   26.2   26.8

(1)
For
an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis".

        The
adjustments made to operating income to arrive at core operating income amounted to $4.2 billion (2016: $4.7 billion), less than in the prior year due to lower
amortization and a gain from achievement of a sales milestone related to the 2015 Vaccines divestment to GSK.

        Excluding
these items, Core operating income was $12.9 billion (–1%, 0% cc). Core operating income margin in constant currencies decreased 0.3 percentage
points, mainly due to generic competition for
Gleevec/Glivec
, and higher launch investments, which were partially offset by expanded gross margin and
productivity improvements. Currency exchange rates had an additional negative impact of 0.3 percentage points, yielding a net decrease of 0.6 percentage points to 26.2% of net sales.

        The
following table provides an overview of core operating income by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   % of net sales   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   % of net sales   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines   10,330   31.3   10,354   31.8   0   2
Sandoz   2,080   20.7   2,071   20.4   0   (1   )
Alcon   857   14.2   850   14.6   1   5
Corporate   (417   )   (288   )   (45   )   (53   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income   12,850   26.2   12,987   26.8   (1   )   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
For
an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis".

Innovative Medicines

        Operating income was $7.8 billion (+5%, +7% cc), mainly driven by higher sales, productivity improvements and lower amortization, which
offset the impact of generic competition and investments in growth drivers.

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain items, was $10.3 billion (0%, +2% cc). Core operating income margin decreased 0.1 percentage points in constant currencies,
and fluctuations in exchange rates had a further negative impact of 0.4 percentage points, resulting in a net decrease of 0.5 percentage points to 31.3% of net sales.

117

Table of Contents

Research and development of Innovative Medicines Division

        The following table provides an overview of the reported and core research and development expense of the Innovative Medicines Division:

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Research and Exploratory Development (1)   (2,749   )   (2,739   )   0   0
Confirmatory Development (1)   (4,881   )   (4,970   )   2   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Innovative Medicines Division Research and Development expense   (7,630   )   (7,709   )   1   1
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties   23.1   23.7
Core Research and Exploratory Development (1),(2)   (2,623   )   (2,637   )   1   1
Core Confirmatory Development (1),(2)   (4,426   )   (4,475   )   1   1
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Core Innovative Medicines Division Research and Development expense   (7,049   )   (7,112   )   1   1
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties   21.3   21.8

(1)
Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified for comparative purposes. This reclassification has not been made in the 2015-2016 comparative table
found in "—2016 Compared to 2015—Innovative Medicines—Research and development of Innovative Medicines Division".

(2)
For
an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis".

        Innovative
Medicines Division Research and Exploratory Development expense amounted to $2.7 billion in 2017, in line with the prior year. Confirmatory Development expense
decreased by 2% (+2% cc) to $4.9 billion compared to $5.0 billion in 2016, driven by resource allocation and continued
productivity efforts, including the benefit of the creation of the Novartis Global Drug Development (GDD) organization.

        Total
Core Research and Development expense in the Innovative Medicines Division as a percentage of sales decreased by 0.7 percentage points in constant currencies mainly due to
resource allocation and continued productivity efforts. Currency exchange rates had a negative impact of 0.2 percentage points, yielding a net decrease of 0.5 percentage points to 21.3%
of net sales.

Sandoz

        Operating income was $1.4 billion (–5%,–7% cc), down mainly due to pressure on prices in the US,
investments in marketing and sales in key markets outside the US, and higher manufacturing restructuring charges. These negative impacts were partly offset by favorable changes in product mix.

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain items, was $2.1 billion (0%,–1% cc). Core operating income margin in constant currencies increased
0.1 percentage points, and an additional 0.2 percentage-point increase from exchange rates yielded a result of 20.7% of net sales.

Alcon

        Operating loss was $190 million, compared to an operating loss of $132 million the year before, as higher sales were offset by
continued investment in the division's growth plan and charges related to business development activities.

118

Table of Contents

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain items, was $857 million (+1%, +5% cc). Core operating income margin in constant currencies increased by 0.2 percentage points,
offset by negative currency impact of 0.6 percentage points, yielding a net decrease of 0.4 percentage points to 14.2% of net sales.

Corporate Income and Expense, Net

        Corporate income and expense, which includes the cost of Group management and central services, amounted to a net expense of $331 million
(+30%, +27% cc) in 2017 compared to a net expense of $471 million in the prior year. The favorable decrease in expense was mainly due to a gain from achievement of a sales milestone related to
the 2015 Vaccines divestment to GSK, partly offset by lower gains from divestment in real estate and lower contributions from the captive insurance companies.

Non-Operating Income and Expense

        The following table provides an overview of non-operating income and expense:

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Operating income   8,629   8,268   4   7
Income from associated companies   1,108   703   58   58
Interest expense   (777   )   (707   )   (10   )   (12   )
Other financial income and expense   39   (447   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes   8,999   7,817   15   12
Taxes   (1,296   )   (1,119   )   (16   )   (13   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   7,703   6,698   15   12
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic EPS ($)   3.28   2.82   16   14
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

nm
=
not meaningful

Income from associated companies

        Income from associated companies increased to $1.1 billion, compared to $703 million in the prior year. The increase was due to
higher income recognized from our investment in GSK Consumer Health-care Holdings Ltd. (GSK Consumer Healthcare).

        The
estimated income from our investment in GSK Consumer Healthcare in 2017 amounted to $629 million compared to $234 million in 2016. The increase is due to improved
operational results of $89 million, an estimate of a one-time deferred tax income of $237 million, arising from a change in a Swiss cantonal statutory tax rate, and a positive prior year
adjustment of $47 million based on the actual audited results for 2016, compared to a negative prior year adjustment of $22 million recognized in 2016 for 2015.

        The
estimated income from our investment in Roche in 2017 amounted to $456 million (2016: $464 million), which reflected our estimated share of income for 2017 of
$523 million (2016: $532 million) offset by the negative prior year adjustment of $67 million, based on actual 2016 results (2016: negative prior year adjustment of
$68 million, based on actual 2015 results).

119

Table of Contents

Interest Expense and other financial income and expense

        Interest expense increased to $777 million from $707 million in the prior year due to higher outstanding debt.

        Other
financial income and expense amounted to an income of $39 million compared to an expense of $447 million in the prior-year, mainly on account of exceptional charges
related to Venezuela of $305 million in 2016, as well as higher currency losses in 2016.

Taxes

        The tax rate increased to 14.4% from 14.3% in the prior year. On December 22, 2017, the US enacted tax reform legislation (Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act), which among other provisions, reduced the US corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective January 1, 2018. This required a revaluation of the deferred tax assets and liabilities and
a portion of current tax payables to the newly enacted tax rate at the date of enactment, which resulted in a net tax expense of $61 million (0.7%). In addition, a change in a Swiss cantonal
statutory tax rate resulted in a one-time income from our share in GSK Consumer Healthcare the impact of which decreased the tax rate by 0.4%.

        Excluding
the impact of these rate changes the reported tax rate for 2017 would have been 14.1% compared to 14.3% in the prior year.

Net Income

        Net income was $7.7 billion (+15%, +12% cc), benefiting from growth in operating income and higher income from our stake in GSK Consumer
Healthcare Holdings Ltd. The prior year also included the exceptional charges related to Venezuela.

EPS

        Basic earnings per share were $3.28 (+16%, +14% cc), up more than net income in constant currencies, benefiting from our share buyback program.

        The
following table provides an overview of core non-operating income and expense:

Core Non-Operating Income and Expense

Year ended Dec 31, 2017   Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Core operating income   12,850   12,987   (1   )   0
Core income from associated companies   1,335   1,134   18   18
Core interest expense   (777   )   (707   )   (10   )   (12   )
Core other financial income and expense   39   (99   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core income before taxes   13,447   13,315   1   2
Core taxes   (2,056   )   (2,001   )   (3   )   (4   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income   11,391   11,314   1   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core basic EPS ($)   4.86   4.75   2   3
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

nm = not meaningful

120

Table of Contents

Core Income from associated companies

        Core income from associated companies increased to $1.3 billion from $1.1 billion in the prior-year period. The core income
contribution from GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd., increased to $479 million in 2017 from $369 million in the prior-year period, and the core income contribution from Roche
increased to $832 million from $760 million.

Core Interest Expense and other financial income and expense

        Core other financial income and expense amounted to a net income of $39 million, compared to an expense of $99 million in 2016,
mainly on account of lower currency losses. In the prior year, the exceptional charges of $0.3 billion related to Venezuela were excluded from the 2016 core other financial expense.

Core Taxes

        The core tax rate (core taxes as a percentage of core pre-tax income) increased to 15.3% from 15.0% in the prior year.

Core Net Income

        Core net income was $11.4 billion (+1%, +2% cc), benefiting from higher core income from associated companies.

Core EPS

        Core earnings per share were $4.86 (+2%, +3% cc), reflecting the benefit of our share buyback program.

121

Table of Contents

2016 Compared to 2015

Key figures

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Net sales to third parties from continuing operations   48,518   49,414   (2   )   0
Sales to discontinued operations   26   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net sales from continuing operations   48,518   49,440   (2   )   0
Other revenues   918   947   (3   )   (3   )
Cost of goods sold   (17,520   )   (17,404   )   (1   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Gross profit from continuing operations   31,916   32,983   (3   )   (1   )
Marketing & Sales   (11,998   )   (11,772   )   (2   )   (4   )
Research & Development   (9,039   )   (8,935   )   (1   )   (2   )
General & Administration   (2,194   )   (2,475   )   11   8
Other income   1,927   2,049   (6   )   (5   )
Other expense   (2,344   )   (2,873   )   18   17
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income from continuing operations   8,268   8,977   (8   )   (3   )
Return on net sales (%)   17.0   18.2
Income from associated companies   703   266   164   164
Interest expense   (707   )   (655   )   (8   )   (10   )
Other financial income and expense   (447   )   (454   )   2   58
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes from continuing operations   7,817   8,134   (4   )   2
Taxes   (1,119   )   (1,106   )   (1   )   (13   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income from continuing operations   6,698   7,028   (5   )   1
Net income from discontinued operations   10,766   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   6,698   17,794   (62   )   (59   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Novartis AG   6,712   17,783   (62   )   (59   )
Non-controlling interests   (14   )   11   nm   nm
Basic earnings per share ($) from continuing operations   2.82   2.92   (3   )   2
Basic earnings per share ($) from discontinued operations   4.48   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total basic earnings per share ($)   2.82   7.40   (62   )   (59   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Free cash flow from continuing operations   9,455   9,259   2
Free cash flow   9,455   9,029   5

nm = not meaningful

Group overview

        Novartis delivered solid results in 2016, countering much of the effects of the loss of US patent protection during the year for our pioneering
leukemia drug,
Gleevec
. This underscores the strength of our pipeline and our ability in recent years to renew our product portfolio and control costs
to manage through important patent expirations.
Gleevec
 follows
Diovan
, which lost exclusivity in 2011
in the EU and in 2012 in the US.

        Our
Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions performed well under challenging circumstances. We were not successful in returning Alcon to growth in 2016, although we have begun to see
the first results from the growth plan implemented during the year.

122

Table of Contents

        Net sales for Novartis in 2016 were $48.5 billion, down 2% in reported terms, but flat measured in constant currencies (cc) to remove the impact of
fluctuations in exchange rates. While volumes grew 6 percentage points, that was offset by the negative impacts of 4 percentage points due to generic competition and 2 percentage
points from lower prices.

        We
continued to face headwinds in 2016 from currency fluctuations, with the rising value of the dollar adversely affecting our reported sales and income. This continues a trend we have
seen for several years, particularly in 2015 when currency fluctuations had a negative 10% impact on sales. To help investors assess the impact of exchange rates on our performance, we also indicate
growth rates in constant currencies.

        In
2016, our growth products
1
 contributed $17.1 billion, or 35% of net sales. These include
Gilenya
 for multiple
sclerosis, up 14% (cc) to $3.1 billion;
Cosentyx
 for psoriasis and two other immune-related illnesses, which reached blockbuster status with
sales of $1.1 billion;
Jakavi
 for blood cancer, up 45% to
$581 million; and the combination cancer therapy
Tafinlar + Mekinist
, acquired from GSK during 2015 ($672 million).

        Biopharmaceutical
products from Sandoz also continued to be a bright spot, rising 31% (cc) to $1.0 billion.

        Sales
of heart failure drug
Entresto
 grew steadily during the year and totaled $170 million. We continued to increase our
investment in its launch, devoting additional resources during the year to educating doctors and patients about its benefits.

        Operating
income in 2016 was $8.3 billion (–8%, –3% cc), down mainly due to the effects of patent expirations and increased investments related to
new product launches, including
Entresto
 and
Cosentyx
, and the Alcon growth plan.

        Net
income from continuing operations was $6.7 billion, down 5% in reported terms, but up 1% in constant currencies, due to higher income from associated companies.

        Basic
earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.82 (–3%, +2% cc), up more than net income due to a reduction in the average number of shares outstanding.

        Free
cash flow from continuing operations was $9.5 billion, up 2%, reflecting lower net investment in property, plant and equipment.

        For
the total Group, net income amounted to $6.7 billion in 2016 compared to $17.8 billion in 2015. The prior year benefitted from the $10.8 billion net income from
discontinued operations, which included $12.7 billion of exceptional pre-tax divestment gains and the operational results of the divested businesses until the respective dates of completion of
the transactions. For more information on discontinued operations, see "—Factors Affecting Comparability of Year-on Year Results of Operations" below and "Note 29. Discontinued
operations" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        Basic
earnings per share decreased to $2.82 from $7.40 in the prior year.

        Free
cash flow for the total Group amounted to $9.5 billion in 2016 compared to $9.0 billion in 2015. The prior year included a negative free cash flow of approximately
$0.3 billion from discontinued operations.

1
"Growth products" are an indicator of the rejuvenation of the portfolio, and comprise products launched in a key
market (EU, US, Japan) in 2011 or later, or products with exclusivity in key markets until at least 2020 (except Sandoz, which includes only products launched in the last 24 months). They
include the acquisition effect of the GSK oncology assets.

123

Table of Contents

Productivity

        Efforts to improve productivity are delivering results. Novartis Business Services (NBS), our shared services organization, continued to
leverage the global scale of Novartis to streamline and consolidate our operations. For example, we reduced the number of information
technology applications we use, consolidated facilities services from more than 100 suppliers to just three, and initiated the standardization of infrastructure services at selected manufacturing
sites, among other steps. In addition, NBS continued to optimize its footprint through selective offshoring to five global service centers.

        NBS,
as well as our newly created Global Drug Development (GDD) organization and global Novartis Technical Operations (NTO) group, will continue to drive the pursuit of greater
efficiency and effectiveness. We anticipate that the benefits of the new GDD and NTO organizations will yield more than $1 billion in annual cost savings by 2020.

Net Sales by Segment

        The following table provides an overview of net sales to third parties by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines (1)(2)   32,562   33,345   (2   )   0
Sandoz (2)   10,144   10,070   1   2
Alcon (2)   5,812   5,999   (3   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net sales to third parties from continuing operations   48,518   49,414   (2   )   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Formerly
named the Pharmaceuticals Division

(2)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

Innovative Medicines

        Innovative Medicines Division sales were $32.6 billion, down 2% in reported terms, but in line with the prior year in constant currencies
(cc). A 7% increase in volume was offset by the impact of generic competition (–6 percentage points) and price declines (–1 percentage point).

        Sales
performance varied by geography. Sales in Europe were $11.2 billion, up 7% in constant currencies, and reached $8.1 billion in emerging growth markets, up 6% (cc). In
the US, sales declined 8% (cc) to $10.9 billion, mainly due to generic competition for
Gleevec
 following loss of patent protection there
in February. And in Japan, sales declined 10% (cc), due to generic competition and divestments.

        Growth
products contributed $14.8 billion, up 24% in constant currencies. These products—which include
Gilenya
,

Cosentyx
,
Entresto
,
Tasigna
,

Jakavi
, and the combination of

Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
—represented 45% of net sales, compared to 37% in 2015.

Novartis Pharmaceuticals Business Unit

Ophthalmology

        Sales in Ophthalmology were $5.5 billion (–8%, –6% cc), primarily reflecting declines in

Lucentis
 (–11%, –8% cc),
which continues to see increasing competitive pressure in Japan and some European countries.

124

Table of Contents

Neuroscience

        Neuroscience sales were $3.7 billion (+1%, +2% cc), with increases for
Gilenya
 (+12%,
+14% cc) being offset by lower sales of
Exelon
 and
Exelon
 Patch (–39%,
–39% cc), due to generic competition for
Exelon
 Patch in the US and EU.

Immunology and Dermatology

        Sales in Immunology and Dermatology reached $3.0 billion (+41%, +44% cc). Sales of

Cosentyx
 continued to accelerate, reaching
$1.1 billion, versus $261 million in 2015. Gains for

Ilaris
 (+20%, +22% cc) also helped offset declines in other products due to generic competition.

Respiratory

        Respiratory sales were $1.5 billion (+11%, +15% cc). Our portfolio of drugs for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
(COPD)—including
Onbrez Breezhaler
/
Arcapta Neohaler
,
Seebri
Breezhaler
 and
Ultibro Breezhaler
—achieved sales of $655 million (+14%, +16% cc). Sales of

Xolair,
 the first biologic
drug approved for moderate-to-severe allergic asthma, reached $835 million (+11%, +15% cc), including as a treatment
for chronic hives.

Cardio-Metabolic

        Sales for the franchise were $1.4 billion (+19%, +20% cc).
Entresto
—which has
been launched in more than 30 countries and benefited from a strong endorsement in updated clinical practice guidelines in the US and EU—continued to grow steadily and sales reached
$170 million, up from $21 million in 2015.
Galvus
 sales were $1.2 billion (+5%, +6% cc).

Established Medicines

        Established medicines such as
Diovan
 ($1.1 billion, –13% cc) and

Exforge

($926 million, –8% cc) continued to see declines due to generic competition.

Novartis Oncology business unit

        Oncology sales were $12.8 billion (–4%, –2% cc), nearly even with the prior year, despite declining sales
of
Gleevec
/
Glivec
 (–29%, –28% cc) due to generic competition in the US.
That decline was largely offset by growth in other products. Products showing growth included the
combination therapy
Tafinlar
 +
Mekinist
 ($672 million);

Votrient
 ($729 million);

Promacta/Revolade
 ($635 million); and

Jakavi
, up 45% (cc) to $581 million.

125

Table of Contents

TOP 20 INNOVATIVE MEDICINES DIVISION
(1)
 PRODUCT NET SALES—2016

US   Rest of world   Total
Brands   Business Franchise   Indication   $ m   % change in constant currencies   $ m   % change in constant currencies   $ m   % change in $   % change in constant currencies
Gleevec/Glivec   Oncology   Chronic myeloid leukemia and GIST   1,214   (52   )   2,109   1   3,323   (29   )   (28   )
Gilenya   Neuroscience   Relapsing multiple sclerosis   1,683   12   1,426   15   3,109   12   14
Lucentis   Ophthalmology   Age-related macular degeneration   1,835   (8   )   1,835   (11   )   (8   )
Tasigna   Oncology   Chronic myeloid leukemia   722   9   1,017   10   1,739   7   10
Sandostatin   Oncology   Carcinoid tumors and Acromegaly   853   4   793   3   1,646   1   3
Afinitor/Votubia   Oncology   Breast cancer / TSC   775   (13   )   741   6   1,516   (6   )   (5   )
Galvus   Cardio-Metabolic   Diabetes   1,193   6   1,193   5   6
Cosentyx   Immunology and Dermatology   Psoriasis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis   765   nm   363   nm   1,128   nm   nm
Diovan/Co-Diovan   Established Medicines   Hypertension   147   (42   )   926   (6   )   1,073   (16   )   (13   )
Exjade/Jadenu   Oncology   Chronic iron overload   447   22   509   (6   )   956   4   6
Exforge   Established Medicines   Hypertension   10   (85   )   916   (3   )   926   (12   )   (8   )
Xolair (2)   Respiratory   Asthma   835   15   835   11   15
Votrient   Oncology   Renal cell carcinoma   357   nm   372   nm   729   nm   nm
Tafinlar/Mekinist   Oncology   Melanoma   298   nm   374   nm   672   nm   nm
Promacta/Revolade   Oncology   Immune thrombocytopenic purpura   310   nm   325   nm   635   nm   nm
Travoprost Group   Ophthalmology   Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure   211   6   408   (5   )   619   (2   )   (1   )
Jakavi   Oncology   Myelofibrosis   581   45   581   42   45
Voltaren/Cataflam   Established Medicines   Inflammation/pain   525   1   525   (6   )   1
Neoral/Sandimmun(e)   Immunology and Dermatology   Transplantation   41   (13   )   474   (9   )   515   (10   )   (9   )
Exelon/Exelon Patch   Neuroscience   Alzheimer's disease   90   (74   )   354   (8   )   444   (39   )   (39   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Top 20 products total   7,923   (8   )   16,076   7   23,999   0   2
Rest of portfolio   2,974   (7   )   5,589   (4   )   8,563   (8   )   (5   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Division sales   10,897   (8   )   21,665   4   32,562   (2   )   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Formerly
named the Pharmaceuticals Division.

(2)
Net
sales reflect
Xolair
 sales for all indications (e.g. including

Xolair
 SAA and
Xolair
 CSU, which is
managed by the Immunology and Dermatology franchise).

nm = not meaningful

Gleevec/Glivec
 ($3.3 billion, –28% cc) is a kinase inhibitor approved as a targeted therapy for Philadelphia
chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and to treat patients with metastatic and/or unresectable KIT (CD117) positive (KIT+) gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), as an adjuvant
treatment for certain adult patients following resection of KIT+ GIST. First launched in 2001,
Gleevec/Glivec
 is approved in more than 110 countries.

Gleevec/Glivec
 is also approved in the US, EU and Japan to treat Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia, a rapidly progressive form of leukemia. In addition,

Gleevec/Glivec
 is approved in the US and EU to treat dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, a rare solid

126

Table of Contents

tumor;
hypereosinophilic syndrome; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases and other rare blood disorders. In the US,
Gleevec
 is also approved for
aggressive systemic mastocytosis.
Gleevec/Glivec
 has received approvals in more than 80 countries as a post-surgery (adjuvant setting) therapy for
certain adult patients with KIT+ GIST. Following approval by the FDA in 2013, the EMA approved

Gleevec
/
Glivec
 in July 2013 for pediatric patients with
newly diagnosed Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia
in combination with chemotherapy.

Gilenya
 ($3.1 billion, +14% cc) is the first oral therapy approved to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (RMS) and the
first in a new class of compounds called sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulators. In the US,
Gilenya
 is indicated for relapsing forms of MS. In the
EU,
Gilenya
 is indicated for adult patients with high disease activity despite treatment with at least one disease modifying agent, or rapidly evolving
severe relapsing-remitting MS.
Gilenya
 impacts four key measures of disease
activity: relapses, MRI lesions, brain shrinkage (brain volume loss) and disability progression. Its effectiveness on all of these measures has been consistently shown in multiple controlled clinical
studies and in the real-world setting. As of November 2016, more than 180,000 patients have been treated in clinical trials and in a post-marketing setting, with more than 395,000 total patient-years
of exposure.
Gilenya
 is currently approved in more than 80 countries around the world.
Gilenya
 is
licensed from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation.

Lucentis
 ($1.8 billion, –8% cc) is a recombinant humanized high affinity antibody fragment that binds to vascular
endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A), a key mediator of intraocular neovascularization. Approved in 2006 as the first anti-VEGF for ocular use Lucentis revolutionized the therapy for patients with
neovascular age related macular degeneration (nAMD). Today Lucentis is licensed for six ocular indications: nAMD, visual impairment due to diabetic macular edema (DME), visual impairment due to
macular edema secondary to branch retinal vein occlusion (BRVO), visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO), visual impairment due to choroidal
neovascularization secondary to pathologic myopia (myopic CNV) and visual impairment due to choroidal neovascularization secondary to other pathologies. Approval of the sixth indication was received
in Europe in November 2016, and submissions have been filed in 22 other countries, including Switzerland, Australia, Indonesia and Brazil. Lucentis is the only treatment available for a wide range of
CNV conditions confirming it in diseases of the retina. The label of
Lucentis
 was updated in September 2014 allowing flexible treatment (including a
treat and extent regimen) already in the first year of therapy. In April 2016 the label of
Lucentis
 was further updated to include the treatment of RVO
patients with retinal ischemia. In November 2016, the EMA approved
Lucentis
 to treat patients with visual impairment due to choroidal neovascularization
(CNV) associated with causes other than neovascular age-related macular degeneration or myopic CNV.
Lucentis
 is the only anti-VEGF treatment available
in a pre-filled syringe and approved for a treat and extend regimen in the first year of therapy. Since its launch in 2007, there have been more than 4.3 million patient-treatment years of
exposure for
Lucentis
 and more than 26.8 million injections. Novartis licensed
Lucentis
 from
Genentech for development and commercialization outside of the US.

Tasigna
 ($1.7 billion, +10% cc) is a signal transduction inhibitor of the BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. Since its launch in 2007,

Tasigna
 has been approved in more than
125 countries to treat patients with Ph+ CML in the chronic and/or accelerated phase who are resistant or
intolerant to existing treatment, including
Gleevec/Glivec
. It is also approved in more than 120 markets, including the US, EU member states,
Switzerland and Japan, to treat newly diagnosed patients in the chronic phase.

Sandostatin
 ($1.6 billion, +3% cc) is a somatostatin analogue indicated for the treatment of patients with acromegaly, a chronic
disease caused by over-secretion of pituitary growth hormone in adults.
Sandostatin
 is also indicated for the treatment of patients with certain
symptoms associated with carcinoid tumors and other types of gastrointestinal and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors. Additionally,
Sandostatin LAR
 is
approved in more than 60 countries for treatment of patients with advanced

127

Table of Contents

neuroendocrine
tumors of the midgut or unknown primary tumor location.
Sandostatin
 was first launched in 1988 and is approved in more than 100
countries.

Afinitor/Votubia
 ($1.5 billion, –5% cc) is an oral inhibitor of the mTOR pathway.

Afinitor
 is approved in more than 120 countries including the US, EU member
states and Japan for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following
vascular endothelial growth factor-targeted therapy (in the US, after failure of sunitinib or sorafenib).
Afinitor
 is also approved in more than 110
countries, including the US, EU member states and Japan for the treatment of locally advanced, metastatic or unresectable progressive neuroendocrine tumors (NET) of pancreatic origin. Afinitor was
approved in the US in February and the EU in June for the treatment of patients with progressive, well-differentiated, nonfunctional NET of gastrointestinal or lung origin that are unresectable,
locally advanced or metastatic, and is approved for this indication in more than 40 countries worldwide. In addition,
Afinitor
 is approved in more than
110 countries for hormone receptor-positive advanced breast cancer in combination with an aromatase inhibitor, after prior endocrine therapy. Everolimus, under the trade name

Afinitor
 in the US and

Votubia
 in the EU, is also approved in more than 95 countries to treat patients
with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) who have subependymal giant cell astrocytoma not requiring immediate surgery, and in more than 90 countries to treat patients with TSC who have renal
angiomyolipoma not requiring immediate surgery. A dispersible tablet for oral suspension formulation is approved for patients with TSC who have SEGA in more than 40 countries including the US (under
the trade name
Afinitor Disperz
), EU member states (under the trade name
Votubia
) and Japan (under the
trade name
Afinitor
). Everolimus, the active ingredient in
Afinitor
, is also available under the trade
names
Zortress/Certican
 for use in transplantation in the US and EU, respectively, and is exclusively licensed to Abbott and sublicensed to Boston
Scientific for use in drug-eluting stents.

Galvus
 Group ($1.2 billion, +6% cc), includes
Galvus
, an oral treatment for
type 2 diabetes, and
Eucreas
, a single-pill combination of vildagliptin (the active ingredient in

Galvus
) and metformin. The products were first
approved in 2007.
Galvus
 is currently approved in more
than 130 countries, including EU member states, Japan (as
Equa
) and countries in Latin America and Asia-Pacific.

Eucreas
 was the first single-pill
combination of a DPP-4 inhibitor and metformin approved in Europe, and also under the trade name

Galvus Met
, and is currently approved in more than 125 countries. In 2012,
Galvus
 received EU approval
for expanded use as a second-line monotherapy for type 2 diabetes patients who cannot take metformin. In 2012, the EC approved the use of
Galvus

and
Eucreas
 in combination with other diabetes treatments. The first approval was for the use of vildagliptin in combination with insulin, with or
without metformin, for patients with type 2 diabetes when diet, exercise and a stable dose of insulin do not result in glycemic control. The second approval was for the use of vildagliptin in
triple combination with metformin and a sulphonylurea for the treatment of type 2 diabetes when diet and exercise plus dual therapy with these two agents do not provide adequate glycemic
control.
Galvus
 monotherapy indication was approved in China in April 2015.
Eucreas
 was approved in
Japan in September 2015 under the name
Equmet
 as the first single-pill combination metformin/DPP-4 inhibitor approved in that country.

Cosentyx
 ($1.1 billion) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes circulating interleukin 17A (IL-17A).

Cosentyx
 has been approved in over
75 markets, including the US and countries of the EU, for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.

Cosentyx
 is also approved in the EU for the treatment of adults with ankylosing
spondylitis who have responded inadequately to conventional therapy,
such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis in adults when the response to disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug therapy is unsatisfactory. In
January 2016,
Cosentyx
 was approved in the US for the treatment of adults with active ankylosing spondylitis and for the treatment of adults with active
psoriatic arthritis.
Cosentyx
 is approved in more than 65 countries for the treatment of adults with ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis,
including the US, countries of the EU, Canada and Australia.
Cosentyx
 is approved in Japan for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis,
pustular psoriasis, and both psoriasis vulgaris and psoriatic arthritis in adults who are not adequately responding to systemic therapies (except for biologics).

128

Table of Contents

Diovan
 Group ($1.1 billion, –13% cc), consisting of
Diovan

monotherapy and the combination product
Co-Diovan/Diovan
 HCT, is an angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB).

Diovan
 is the only agent in its class approved
to treat all of the following: high blood pressure (including children 6 to 18 years), high-risk
heart attack survivors and patients with heart failure. First launched in 1996,
Diovan
 is available in more than 120 countries for treating high blood
pressure, in more than 90 countries for heart failure, and in more than 70 countries for heart attack survivors. First launched in 1997,
Diovan
HCT/Co-Diovan
 is approved in more than 100 countries worldwide.

Exjade/Jadenu
 ($956 million, +6% cc), is an oral iron chelator approved for the treatment of chronic iron overload due to blood
transfusions in patients two years of age and older, as well as chronic iron overload in patients with non-transfusion dependent thalassemia in patients 10 years of age and older. Patients with
chronic anemia from diseases such as thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndromes require repeated transfusions, which puts them at risk of iron overload.

Exjade
, a dispersible tablet
for oral suspension, was first approved in 2005 and is now approved in more than 100 countries, including the US, EU member
states and Japan. An oral film-coated tablet formulation that can be swallowed or crushed is approved in the US and Canada under the tradename
Jadenu
.
It was approved by EMA in 2016 under the tradename of
Exjade
. Regulatory applications have been submitted in Switzerland and other countries. In
addition to the film-coated tablet formulation, a new formulation has also been developed as granules for patients who cannot swallow tablets, using the same composition as the film-coated tablet
formulations. Regulatory applications for granules formulation have been submitted under the name
Jadenu
 in the US and Japan and under the name

Exjade
 in
the EU.

Exforge
 Group ($926 million, –8% cc) includes two medicines approved for the treatment of hypertension:

Exforge
, a single-pill combination of the angiotensin
receptor blocker (ARB) valsartan and the calcium channel blocker amlodipine besylate; and

Exforge
 HCT, a single pill combining an ARB (valsartan), calcium channel blocker (amlodipine) and a diuretic
(hydrochlorothiazide) three widely prescribed blood pressure treatments. First approved for the treatment of high blood pressure in Switzerland in 2006, and in the US and EU in 2007,

Exforge
 is now
available in more than 100 countries.
Exforge
 HCT was approved in the EU and the US in
2009, and is now available in more than 75 countries.

Xolair
 ($835 million, +15% cc) is a recombinant, DNA-derived, humanized IgG1K monoclonal antibody.

Xolair
 is designed to block IgE, which limits the release of
mediators in the early and late phases of the allergic inflammatory cascade.

Xolair
 is approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe, or severe, persistent allergic asthma in more than 90 countries,
including the US since
2003, the EU since 2005, and Japan since 2009.
Xolair
 is provided as lyophilized powder for resolution, and in addition as liquid formulation in a
pre-filled syringe in most European countries.
Xolair
 is currently approved in the EU, Switzerland and more than 80 countries as a treatment for chronic
spontaneous urticaria (CSU)/chronic idiopathic urticaria (CIU) including approvals in the EU as add-on therapy for the treatment of CSU in adult and adolescent (12 years and above) patients
with inadequate response to H1 antihistamine treatment, and, in the US, for the treatment of adults and adolescents (12 years of age and above) with CIU who remain symptomatic despite H1
antihistamine treatment. We co-promote
Xolair
 with Genentech in the US and share a portion of operating income, but we do not record any US sales.
Novartis records all sales of
Xolair
 outside the US.

Votrient
 ($729 million) is a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets a number of intracellular proteins to limit
tumor growth and cell survival.
Votrient
 is approved in the US for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC), and in the EU
for first-line treatment of adult patients with aRCC and for patients who have received prior cytokine therapy for advanced disease. RCC is the most common type of kidney cancer in adults, and nearly
one-fifth of patients have aRCC at the time of diagnosis.
Votrient
 is also indicated for the treatment of patients with advanced soft tissue sarcoma
(STS) who have received prior chemotherapy (efficacy in adipocytic STS or gastrointestinal stromal tumors has not been demonstrated). STS is a type of cancer which can arise from a wide variety of

129

Table of Contents

soft
tissues including muscle, fat, blood vessel and nerves.
Votrient
 is approved in more than 100 countries worldwide for aRCC and in more than 90
countries for aSTS.
Votrient
 was acquired from GSK.

Tafinlar + Mekinist
 ($672 million) is the first combination of its kind for the treatment of patients with BRAF V600
mutation positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma, as detected by a validated test, in the US, EU and several other markets.
Tafinlar
 targets the
serine/threonine kinase BRAF in the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway and
Mekinist
 targets the threonine/tyrosine kinases MEK1 and MEK2 in the MAP kinase pathway,
resulting in dual blockade of this pathway. This is the first combination of a BRAF and a MEK inhibitor to demonstrate an overall survival benefit over BRAF inhibitor monotherapy after three years in
two Phase III studies in BRAF V600 mutation positive unresectable
or metastatic melanoma patients.
Tafinlar
 and
Mekinist
 are each also approved as single agents for the
treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma in more than 60 and 40 countries worldwide, respectively.
Tafinlar
 and

Mekinist
 were each
acquired from GSK. As part of our purchase of oncology products from GSK, we obtained the worldwide exclusive rights granted by Japan
Tobacco Inc., to develop, manufacture, and commercialize trametinib.

Promacta/Revolade
 ($635 million) is a once-daily oral thrombopoietin receptor agonist that works by stimulating bone marrow cells
to produce platelets. It is the only approved once-daily oral thrombopoietin receptor agonist, and is marketed under the brand name
Promacta
 in the US
and
Revolade
 in most countries outside the US. It is approved in more than 100 countries for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in adult patients with
chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an inadequate response or are intolerant to other treatments. In the US and EU,

Promacta/Revolade
 is approved for patients one year and
older with chronic ITP who have had an inadequate response to other treatments.

Promacta/Revolade
 may be considered as second line treatment for adult non-splenectomised patients where surgery is
contraindicated.

Promacta/Revolade
 is also approved in 45 countries for the treatment of patients with severe aplastic anemia (SAA) who are refractory to other
treatments (in the US for the treatment of patients with SAA who have had an insufficient response to immunosuppressive therapy and in the EU for the treatment of adults with acquired SAA who were
either refractory to prior immunosuppressive therapy or heavily pretreated and are unsuitable for hematopoietic stem cell transplant). In addition,

Promacta/Revolade
 is approved in more than 50
countries for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to
initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy.
Promacta/Revolade
 is marketed under a collaboration agreement between Ligand
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Novartis.
Promacta/Revolade
 was acquired from GSK.

        Travoprost
Group ($619 million, –1% cc), including
Travatan, Travatan Z
, and

Duotrav
, are indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP)
in patients with open-angle glaucoma or who have ocular hypertension.
Single agent travoprost products (
Travatan, Travatan Z, Travatan
 BAK-Free and
Izba
) are prescribed as
first-line agents and are marketed in more than 140 countries, including the US, countries of the EU, Canada and China.
Duotrav
 is a fixed-dose
combination solution of the prostaglandin analogue travoprost with the beta-blocker timolol, and is approved as a second-line treatment in adults for the reduction of IOP in patients with open-angle
glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are insufficiently responsive to topical beta-blockers or prostaglandin analogues.
Duotrav
 is currently marketed in
more than 140 countries, including countries of the EU, Canada and China.

Jakavi
 ($581 million, +45% cc) is an oral inhibitor of the JAK1 and JAK2 tyrosine kinases. It is the first JAK inhibitor indicated
for the treatment of disease-related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis or post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis and
adult patients with polycythemia vera who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea
. Jakavi
 is currently approved in more than 100 countries for
patients with myelofibrosis and in more than 65 countries for patients with polycythemia vera, including EU member states and Japan. A five year follow-up of the two pivotal trials, COMFORT-I and
COMFORT-II suggests an overall survival advantage for patients randomized to
Jakavi
 compared to placebo or best available therapy, respectively.
Novartis licensed ruxolitinib from Incyte Corporation for development and

130

Table of Contents

commercialization
in the indications of oncology, hematology and Graft-versus-host disease outside the US. Ruxolitinib, marketed in the US as Jakafi® by Incyte Corporation, is approved by
the FDA for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Jakafi® is also approved by the FDA for treatment of
patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis.

Voltaren/Cataflam
 ($525 million, +1% cc) is a leading non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for the relief of symptoms in
rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, and for various other inflammatory and pain conditions.
Voltaren/Cataflam
 was first
registered in 1973 and is available in more than 140 countries. This product is marketed by the Innovative Medicines Division in a wide variety of dosage forms including tablets, drops, suppositories,
ampoules and topical therapy. Our Sandoz Division also markets generic versions of the product in various countries. In addition, we have licensed the

Voltaren
 trademarks to our consumer healthcare
joint venture with GSK to be used in the marketing of low dose oral forms and the topical forms of

Voltaren
 as over-the-counter products.

Neoral/Sandimmun(e)
 ($515 million, –9% cc) is an immunosuppressant to prevent organ rejection following a kidney,
liver, or heart transplant.
Neoral
 is also approved for use in lung transplant in many countries outside of the US. This micro-emulsion formulation of
cyclosporine is also indicated for treating selected autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis. First launched in 1995,
Neoral
 is
marketed in approximately 100 countries.

Exelon/Exelon
 Patch ($444 million, –39% cc) are cholinesterase inhibitors indicated for the treatment of
Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia and Parkinson's disease (PD) dementia. They are the oral and transdermal formulations, respectively, of the cholinesterase inhibitor rivastigmine.

Exelon
 capsules have
been available since 1997 to treat mild to moderate AD dementia and are approved in more than 85 countries. In 2006,

Exelon
 became the only cholinesterase inhibitor to be approved for mild to moderate
PD dementia in addition to AD in both the US and EU.

Exelon
 Patch was approved in 2007 in the US and EU and has been approved for the treatment of mild-to-moderate AD in more than 85 countries,
including
more than 20 countries where it is also approved for Parkinson's disease dementia. The once-daily formulation
Exelon
 Patch has shown comparable efficacy
and superior tolerability to the highest recommended doses of
Exelon
 capsules, with significant improvement in cognition and overall functioning
compared to placebo. In 2013, the FDA expanded the approved indication for
Exelon
 Patch to also include the treatment of patients with severe
Alzheimer's disease. In 2013, European Marketing Authorization was obtained for the higher dose in mild-to-moderate AD. The higher dose has been approved in more than 50 countries. The severe
indication has now been approved in more than 10 countries.

Sandoz

        Sandoz net sales in 2016 were $10.1 billion (+1%, +2% in constant currencies, or cc), with strong performance particularly in
biopharmaceuticals (+31% cc). An 8 percentage-point increase in volume more than offset the negative 6 percentage-point effect of price erosion. Sales rose in Central and Eastern Europe
(+7% cc), Western Europe (+3% cc), the US (+1% cc), Latin America (+11% cc), and the Middle East and Africa (+6% cc). Sales in Asia Pacific were comparable to the prior year (cc).

131

Table of Contents

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015 (1)   Change in $   Constant currencies change
$ m   $ m   %   %
Retail Generics   8,623   8,718   (1   )   1
Biopharmaceuticals   1,002   772   30   31
Anti-Infectives (Partner label/API)   519   580   (11   )   (10   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   10,144   10,070   1   2
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

Retail Generics

        Sandoz markets active ingredients, intermediates and finished dosage forms of pharmaceuticals. The Retail Generics franchise includes products
in the therapeutic areas of dermatology, respiratory, oncology, transplantation and ophthalmics, plus finished dosage forms of anti-infectives sold under the Sandoz name. Franchise sales reached
$8.6 billion (+1% cc).

Biopharmaceuticals

        Sandoz markets protein- and other biotechnology-based products called biosimilars, as well as

Glatopa,
 which treats a relapsing form of
multiple sclerosis. Global sales of biopharmaceuticals grew 31% (cc) to $1.0 billion, benefiting
from the US launches in 2015 of
Glatopa
 and
Zarxio
, and the continued strong growth of other products
already on the market.

Anti-Infectives

        Sandoz sells pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates (mainly antibiotics) under the Sandoz name and to third-party customers.
Anti-infectives sold to third parties for sale under their own name were $519 million, down 10% (cc), because some low-margin products were
discontinued and also due to a weak flu season in the first quarter of 2016. Total Anti-Infectives sales were $1.4 billion, down 2% (cc), and included sales of finished dosage forms sold under
the Sandoz name of $860 million, up 4% (cc).

Alcon

        Alcon implemented a growth plan in 2016 with emphasis on three areas: accelerating innovation and sales, strengthening customer relationships,
and improving operations. Alcon launched new products during the year, including the
CyPass
 Micro-Stent to treat glaucoma, the

NGENUITY
 3D Visualization
System for retinal surgery, and a multifocal version of its innovative
Dailies
Total1
 contact lenses. Increased advertising and promotion for contact lenses helped return that segment to growth after several weak quarters.

        Alcon
net sales in 2016 were $5.8 billion (–3%, –2% in constant currencies, or cc).

132

Table of Contents

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015 (1)   Change in $   Constant currencies change
$ m   $ m   %   %
Surgical
Cataract products   2,695   2,853   (6   )   (3   )
of which IOLs   986   1,099   (10   )   (7   )
Vitreoretinal products   616   594   4   4
Refractive/other   207   251   (18   )   (16   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   3,518   3,698   (5   )   (3   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Vision Care
Contact lenses   1,762   1,743   1   2
Contact lens care   532   558   (5   )   (5   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   2,294   2,301   0   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total net sales   5,812   5,999   (3   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

Surgical

        Surgical sales declined 3% (cc) to $3.5 billion, mainly due to weaker performance of intraocular lenses, which faced competitive
pressures, and slowing equipment sales (primarily
LenSx
 for cataract surgery and
Wavelight
 for
refractive surgery, which have reached high penetration in their market segments). Those factors were partially offset by continued solid growth in sales of cataract disposable surgical supplies (4%
cc). The Surgical business is making progress, improving service and supply levels in 2016 and laying the foundation for a return to growth.

Vision Care

        Vision Care sales were flat in constant currencies at $2.3 billion. Growth in contact lenses offset a decline in contact lens care
products. Increased advertising and promotion behind key brands helped return the contact lens segment to growth after several weak quarters.
Dailies
Total1
, the first and only water-gradient lens, was the key driver.

Operating Income from Continuing Operations

        The following table provides an overview of operating income by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   % of net sales   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   % of net sales   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines (1)(2)   7,426   22.8   7,815   23.4   (5   )   0
Sandoz (2)   1,445   14.2   1,300   12.9   11   14
Alcon (2)   (132   )   (2.3   )   281   4.7   nm   nm
Corporate   (471   )   (419   )   (12   )   (25   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income from continuing operations   8,268   17.0   8,977   18.2   (8   )   (3   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

nm = not meaningful

(1)
Formerly
named the Pharmaceuticals Division

(2)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

133

Table of Contents

        Operating income was $8.3 billion (–8%, –3% cc), a decrease from $9.0 billion in 2015 mainly due to the loss of
exclusivity on
Gleevec
, as investments related to new product launches and the Alcon growth plan were partially offset by resource allocation and
productivity programs. The negative currency impact of 5% was due to the strong US dollar on average versus the British pound and major emerging market currencies, partially offset by the
strengthening of the Japanese yen. Operating income margin in constant currencies decreased 0.7 percentage points; currency had a negative impact of 0.5 percentage points resulting in a
decrease of 1.2 percentage points to 17.0% of net sales.

Core Operating Income key figures
(1)

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Core gross profit from continuing operations   35,806   36,900   (3   )   (1   )
Marketing & Sales   (11,991   )   (11,729   )   (2   )   (4   )
Research & Development   (8,402   )   (8,738   )   4   3
General & Administration   (2,120   )   (2,389   )   11   8
Other income   753   823   (9   )   (7   )
Other expense   (1,059   )   (1,077   )   2   (1   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income from continuing operations   12,987   13,790   (6   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of net sales   26.8   27.9

(1)
An
explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables see "—Non-IFRS Measures as Defined by Novartis".

        The
adjustments made to operating income to arrive at core operating income from continuing operations amounted to $4.7 billion (2015: $4.8 billion) broadly in line with
the prior year.

        Excluding
these items, core operating income from continuing operations decreased 6% (–2% cc) to $13.0 billion. Core operating income margin in constant currencies
decreased 0.7 percentage points mainly due to the loss of exclusivity on
Gleevec
, as investments related to new product launches and the Alcon
growth plan were partially offset by resource allocation and productivity programs. Currency had a negative impact of 0.4 percentage points, resulting in a margin of 26.8% of net sales,
compared to 27.9% in 2015.

        The
following table provides an overview of core operating income by segment:

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   % of net sales   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   % of net sales   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Innovative Medicines (1)(2)   10,354   31.8   10,862   32.6   (5   )   (1   )
Sandoz (2)   2,071   20.4   2,045   20.3   1   4
Alcon (2)   850   14.6   1,235   20.6   (31   )   (27   )
Corporate   (288   )   (352   )   18   4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income from continuing operations   12,987   26.8   13,790   27.9   (6   )   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Formerly
named the Pharmaceuticals Division

(2)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

134

Table of Contents

Innovative Medicines

        Operating income was $7.4 billion (–5%, 0% cc).

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain items, was $10.4 billion (–5%, –1% cc). Core operating income margin decreased 0.2 percentage
points, mainly due to launch investments for
Entresto
 and
Cosentyx
, but partially offset by productivity
improvements. Fluctuations in exchange rates had a further negative impact of 0.6 percentage points, resulting in a net decrease of 0.8 percentage points to 31.8% of net sales.

Research and development of Innovative Medicines Division

        The following table provides an overview of the reported and core research and development expense of the Innovative Medicines Division:

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015 (1)   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Research and Exploratory Development   (2,645   )   (2,739   )   3   2
Confirmatory Development   (5,064   )   (4,946   )   (2   )   (4   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Innovative Medicines Division Research and Development expense   (7,709   )   (7,685   )   0   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties   23.7   23.0
Core Research and Exploratory Development (2)   (2,543   )   (2,663   )   5   3
Core Confirmatory Development (2)   (4,569   )   (4,839   )   6   4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Core Innovative Medicines Division Research and Development expense   (7,112   )   (7,502   )   5   4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties   21.8   22.5

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016

(2)
Core
excludes impairments, amortization and certain other items.

        Innovative
Medicines Division Research and Exploratory Development expense amounted to $2.6 billion in 2016, a decrease of 3% (+2% cc) compared to 2015 as a result of continued
productivity efforts. Confirmatory Development expense increased by 2% (–4% cc) to $5.1 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 2015, mainly driven by the impairment of
intangible assets.

        Core
Research and Exploratory Development expense in the Innovative Medicines Division as percent of sales decreased by 0.8 percentage points in constant currencies as a result of
continued productivity efforts and synergies from acquired Oncology assets. This decrease was partially offset by negative
currency movements of 0.1 percentage points, resulting in a net decrease of 0.7 percentage points to 21.8% of net sales.

135

Table of Contents

Sandoz

        Operating income reached $1.4 billion, up 11% (+14% cc).

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain exceptional items, was $2.1 billion (+1%, +4% cc). Core operating income margin in constant currencies increased
0.2 percentage points. However, that gain was partly offset by the negative 0.1 percentage-point impact of exchange rates, yielding a result of 20.4% of net sales.

        Sandoz
continued to build its portfolio of biopharmaceuticals, which now represents a $1 billion-plus business, with roughly half of that coming from the US. In 2016, our
biosimilar Erelzi (etanercept-szzs) was approved in the US to treat the same inflammatory diseases as the reference product, Amgen's Enbrel®, with its launch pending litigation. In
addition, our biosimilar
Binocrit
 (epoetin alfa) was approved in the EU for a new route of administration. We are currently evaluating options for an
epoetin alfa filing in the US. Filings were accepted in the EU for our pegfilgrastim and rituximab biosimilars.

Alcon

        Operating loss was $132 million, compared to an income of $281 million the year before.

        Core
operating income, which excludes certain items, was $850 million (–31%, –27% cc), mainly due to increased investment in research and
development, as well as higher spending on sales and marketing—both activities that were part of the Alcon growth plan. Core operating income margin in constant currencies decreased by
5.3 percentage points, and exchange rates added another 0.7 percentage points of negative impact, yielding a net decrease of 6 percentage points to 14.6% of net sales.

Corporate Income and Expense, Net

        Corporate income and expense, which includes the cost of Group management and central services, amounted to a net expense of $471 million
(–12%,–25% cc) in 2016 compared to a net expense of $419 million in the prior year. The increase was mainly due to lower royalty and other income as well as
costs related to the execution of the initiatives announced on January 27, 2016, to further focus the divisions, centralize manufacturing and integrate drug development functions. These factors
more than offset the reduction in General & Administration expenses in 2016.

136

Table of Contents

Non-Operating Income and Expense

        The following table provides an overview of non-operating income and expense:

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Operating income from continuing operations   8,268   8,977   (8   )   (3   )
Income from associated companies   703   266   164   164
Interest expense   (707   )   (655   )   (8   )   (10   )
Other financial income and expense   (447   )   (454   )   2   58
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes from continuing operations   7,817   8,134   (4   )   2
Taxes   (1,119   )   (1,106   )   (1   )   (13   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income from continuing operations   6,698   7,028   (5   )   1
Net income from discontinued operations   10,766   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   6,698   17,794   (62   )   (59   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic EPS ($) from continuing operations   2.82   2.92   (3   )   2
Basic EPS ($) from discontinued operations   4.48   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total basic EPS ($)   2.82   7.40   (62   )   (59   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

nm = not meaningful

Income from associated companies

        Income from associated companies increased to $703 million, compared to $266 million in the prior year.

        The
increase was mainly due to income recognized from our investment in GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. of $234 million compared to a loss of $79 million
recognized in the prior year, in which the income from operations was more than offset by integration charges and an additional expense from the final purchase price allocation for the investment in
GSK. The 2016 income contribution from GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. includes a negative adjustment recorded in the second quarter upon the issuance of 2015 actual results.

        In
addition, in 2016, we recognized an income of $464 million from our investment in Roche, which reflected our estimated share of income for 2016 of $532 million partly
offset by the adjustment for 2015 actual results. The higher contribution from Roche in 2016 was mainly due to a smaller adjustment recognized upon publication of 2015 actual results by Roche compared
to the adjustment recorded in the prior year upon publication of the 2014 actual results.

Interest Expense and other financial income and expense

        Interest expense from continuing operations increased to $707 million from $655 million in the prior year due to higher
outstanding debt.

        Other
financial income and expense amounted to an expense of $447 million compared to $454 million in the prior-year, mainly on account of an exceptional charge of
$305 million (2015: $410 million) related to Venezuela due to foreign exchange losses on intra-group payables as well as higher currency losses recognized in 2016.

137

Table of Contents

Taxes

        The tax rate from continuing operations increased to 14.3% from 13.6% in the prior year, mainly as a result of a change in profit mix to
jurisdictions with higher tax rates.

Net Income

        Net income from continuing operations was $6.7 billion (—5%, +1% cc) with the increase of 1% in constant currencies compared
to the decline in operating income due to higher income from associated companies, mainly from the investment in GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. The current year includes
$0.3 billion (2015: $0.4 billion) exceptional charges related to Venezuela. For more information see "—Effects of Currency Fluctuations".

EPS

        Basic earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.82 per share (–3%, +2% cc), up more than net income due to a
reduction in the average number of shares outstanding.

        The
following table provides an overview of core non-operating income and expense:

Core Non-Operating Income and Expense

Year ended Dec 31, 2016   Year ended Dec 31, 2015   Change in $   Change in constant currencies
$ m   $ m   %   %
Core operating income from continuing operations   12,987   13,790   (6   )   (2   )
Core income from associated companies   1,134   981   16   16
Core interest expense   (707   )   (655   )   (8   )   (10   )
Core other financial income and expense   (99   )   (24   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core income before taxes from continuing operations   13,315   14,092   (6   )   (2   )
Core taxes   (2,001   )   (2,051   )   2   (2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income from continuing operations   11,314   12,041   (6   )   (3   )
Core net loss from discontinued operations   (256   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income   11,314   11,785   (4   )   (1   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core basic EPS ($) from continuing operations   4.75   5.01   (5   )   (2   )
Core basic EPS ($) from discontinued operations   (0.11   )   nm   nm
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core basic EPS ($)   4.75   4.90   (3   )   0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

nm = not meaningful

Core Income from associated companies

        Core income from associated companies increased to $1.1 billion from $981 million in the prior-year period. The increase was due
to a higher contribution from GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd., which accounted for $369 million in 2016 compared to $213 million in prior-year period.

138

Table of Contents

Core Interest Expense and other financial income and expense

        Core other financial income and expense, which excludes the exceptional charges of $0.3 billion (2015: $0.4 billion) related to
Venezuela amounted to a net expense of $99 million, compared to $24 million in 2015.

Core Taxes

        The core tax rate from continuing operations (core tax as a percentage of core pre-tax income) increased to 15.0% from 14.6% in the prior year.
This increase is mainly a result of a change in core profit mix to jurisdictions with higher tax rates.

Core Net Income

        Core net income from continuing operations was $11.3 billion (–6%, –3% cc) and decreased 3% in constant
currencies, broadly in line with core operating income.

Core EPS

        Core basic EPS from continuing operations was $4.75 (–5%, –2% cc), down less than core net income due to a
reduction in the number of shares outstanding.

Discontinued Operations

Year ended Dec 31, 2015
$ m
Net sales to third parties from discontinued operations   601
Operating income from discontinued operations   12,477
Net income from discontinued operations   10,766
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Novartis AG   10,758
Non-controlling interests   8
Basic earnings per share ($) from discontinued operations   4.48
Free cash flow from discontinued operations   (230   )

        As
all transactions of the portfolio transformation were completed during 2015, there are no results from discontinued operations reported in the 2016 consolidated income statement. In
2015, results for discontinued operations include the operational results from the Vaccines influenza business, prior to its divestment to CSL Limited on July 31, 2015, as well as results from
the Vaccines non-influenza business and OTC until March 2, 2015. Operational results from the Animal Health business, which was divested on January 1, 2015 include only the divestment
gain.

        Discontinued
operations in 2015 also include the exceptional pre-tax gains of $12.7 billion from the divestment of Animal Health ($4.6 billion), and the transactions with
GSK ($2.8 billion for the Vaccines non-influenza business and $5.9 billion arising from the contribution of Novartis OTC into the GSK Consumer Healthcare joint venture). In addition, the
GSK transactions resulted in $0.6 billion of additional transaction-related costs that were expensed.

        Net
income from discontinued operations in the prior year amounted to $10.8 billion. For more information on discontinued operations please see "—Factors Affecting
Comparability of
Year-on Year Results of Operations" below and "Note 29. Discontinued operations" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24,
2018.

139

Table of Contents

Total Group

        For the total Group, net income amounted to $6.7 billion compared to $17.8 billion in 2015. The decrease was mainly due to the
exceptional divestment gains included in the net income from the discontinued operations of the prior year.

        Basic
earnings per share decreased to $2.82 from $7.40 in the prior year.

FACTORS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY OF YEAR-ON-YEAR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        The comparability of the year-on-year results of our operations for the total Group can be significantly affected by acquisitions and
divestments. The transactions of significance during 2017 and 2016 are mentioned below.

Significant transactions in 2017

Innovative Medicines—Acquisition of Ziarco Group Limited

        On January 20, 2017, Novartis acquired Ziarco Group Limited (Ziarco), a privately held company in the United Kingdom, focused on the
development of novel treatments in dermatology. This acquisition adds a once-daily oral H4 receptor antagonist in development for atopic dermatitis, commonly known as eczema, to complement the
Novartis dermatology portfolio and pipeline. The fair value of the total purchase consideration was $420 million. The amount consisted of an initial cash payment of $325 million and the
net present value of the contingent consideration of $95 million, due to Ziarco shareholders, which they are eligible to receive upon the achievement of specified development milestones. The
purchase price allocation resulted in net identifiable assets of $395 million and goodwill of $25 million. Results of operations since the date of acquisition were not material.

Innovative Medicines—Acquisition of Encore Vision, Inc.

        On January 20, 2017, Novartis acquired Encore Vision, Inc. (Encore), a privately-held company in Fort Worth, Texas, in the United
States, focused on the development of a novel treatment in presbyopia. The fair value of the total purchase consideration was $456 million. The amount consisted of an initial cash payment of
$366 million and the net present value of the contingent consideration of $90 million, due to Encore shareholders, which they are eligible to receive upon the achievement of specified
development and commercialization milestones. The purchase price allocation resulted in net identifiable assets of $389 million and goodwill of $67 million. Results of operations since
the date of acquisition were not material.

Significant transactions in 2016

Alcon—Acquisition of TRANSCEND MEDICAL, INC.

        On February 17, 2016, Alcon entered into an agreement to acquire Transcend Medical, Inc. (Transcend), a privately-held, US-based
company focused on developing minimally-invasive surgical devices to treat glaucoma. The transaction closed on March 23, 2016, and the fair value of the total purchase consideration was
$332 million. The amount consisted of an initial cash payment of $240 million and the net present value of the contingent consideration of $92 million due to Transcend
shareholders, which they are eligible to receive upon the achievement of specified development and commercialization milestones. The purchase price allocation resulted in net identifiable assets of
$294 million and goodwill of $38 million. The 2016 results of operations since the date of acquisition were not material.

140

Table of Contents

Innovative Medicines—Acquisition of REPRIXYS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION

        On November 18, 2016, Novartis acquired Reprixys Pharmaceuticals Corporation (Reprixys), a privately held, US-based company specializing
in the development of therapeutics in certain hematologic and inflammatory disorders, following receipt of results of the SUSTAIN study. The initial interest of 19% was adjusted to its fair value of
$64 million through the consolidated income statement at acquisition date. This re-measurement resulted in a gain of $53 million.

        The
fair value of the total purchase consideration for acquiring the 81% stake Novartis did not already own amounted to $268 million. The amount consisted of an initial cash
payment of $194 million and the net present value of the contingent consideration of $74 million due to Reprixys shareholders, which they are eligible to receive upon the achievement of
specified development and commercialization milestones. The purchase price allocation resulted in net identifiable assets of $332 million. No goodwill was recognized. The 2016 results of
operations since the date of acquisition were not material.

        For
further details on significant transactions, see "Note 2. Significant transactions" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K
on January 24, 2018.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

        Our significant accounting policies are set out in "Note 1. Significant accounting policies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report
2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, which are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

        Given
the uncertainties inherent in our business activities, we must make certain estimates and assumptions that require difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Because of
uncertainties inherent in such judgments, actual outcomes and results may differ from our assumptions and estimates, which could materially affect the Group's consolidated financial statements.
Application of the following accounting policies requires certain assumptions and estimates that have the potential for the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Deductions from Revenues

        As is typical in the pharmaceutical industry, our gross sales are subject to various deductions which are primarily composed of rebates and
discounts to retail customers, government agencies, wholesalers, health insurance companies and managed healthcare organizations. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations,
requiring the use of judgement when estimating the effect of these sales deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. These adjustments are deducted from gross sales to arrive at net sales.

        The
following summarizes the nature of some of these deductions and how the deduction is estimated. After recording these, net sales represent our best estimate of the cash that we
expect to ultimately collect. The US market has the most complex arrangements related to revenue deductions.

United States specific healthcare plans and program rebates

        The United States Medicaid Drug Rebate Program is administered by State governments using State and Federal funds to provide assistance to
certain vulnerable and needy individuals and families. Calculating the rebates to be paid related to this program involves interpreting relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change
in interpretative guidance by government authorities. Provisions for estimating Medicaid rebates are calculated using a combination of historical experience, product and population growth, product
pricing and the mix of contracts and specific terms in the individual State agreements.

141

Table of Contents

        The
United States Federal Medicare Program, which funds healthcare benefits to individuals age 65 or older and certain disabilities, provides prescription drug benefits under
Part D section of the program. This benefit is provided and administrated through private prescription drug plans. Provisions for estimating Medicare Part D rebates are calculated based
on the terms of individual plan agreements, product sales and population growth, product pricing and the mix of contracts.

        We
offer rebates to key managed healthcare and private plans in an effort to sustain and increase market share of our products, and to ensure patient access. These programs provide a
rebate after the plans have demonstrated they have met all terms and conditions set forth in their contract with us. These rebates are estimated based on the terms of individual agreements, historical
experience, product pricing, and projected product growth rates. These provisions are adjusted based on established processes and experiences from filing data with individual states and plans. There
is often a time lag of several months between us recording the revenue deductions and our final accounting for them.

        There
is often a time lag of several months between us recording the revenue deductions and our final accounting for them.

Non-United States specific healthcare plans and program rebates

        In certain countries other than the US, we provide rebates to governments and other entities. These rebates are often mandated by laws or
government regulations.

        In
several countries, especially in Europe and Australia, we enter into innovative pay-for-performance arrangements with certain healthcare providers. Under these agreements, we may be
required to make refunds to the healthcare providers or to provide additional medicines free of charge if anticipated treatment outcomes do not meet predefined targets. Potential refunds and the
delivery of additional medicines at no cost are estimated and recorded as a deduction of revenue at the time the related revenues are recorded. Estimates are based on historical experience and
clinical data. In cases where historical experience and clinical data are not sufficient for a reliable estimation of the outcome, revenue recognition would be deferred until such history would be
available. In addition, we offer global patient assistance programs.

        There
is often a time lag of several months between us recording the revenue deductions and our final accounting for them.

Non-healthcare plans and program rebates, returns and other deductions

        We offer rebates to purchasing organizations and other direct and indirect customers to sustain and increase market share, and to ensure patient
access to our products. Since rebates are contractually agreed upon, the related provisions are estimated based on the terms of the individual agreements, historical experience, and projected product
growth rates.

        Charge-backs
occur where our subsidiaries have arrangements with indirect customers to sell products at prices that are lower than the price charged to wholesalers. A charge-back
represents the difference between the invoice price to the wholesaler and the indirect customer's contract price. We account for vendor charge-backs by reducing revenue for the estimate of
charge-backs attributable to a sale transaction. Provisions for estimated charge-backs are calculated using a combination of factors such as historical experience, product growth rates, payments,
product pricing, level of inventory in the distribution channel, the terms of individual agreements and our estimate of the claims processing time lag.

        When
we sell a product providing a customer the right to return it, we record a provision for estimated sales returns based on our sales return policy and historical return rates. Other
factors considered include actual product recalls, expected marketplace changes, the remaining shelf life of the product, and the expected entry of generic products. In 2017, sales returns amounted to
approximately 1% of gross product sales. If sufficient experience is not available, sales are only recorded based on evidence of product consumption or when the right of return has expired.

142

Table of Contents

        We enter into distribution service agreements with major wholesalers, which provide a financial disincentive for the wholesalers to purchase product quantities in
excess of current customer demand. Where possible, we adjust shipping patterns for our products to maintain wholesalers' inventory levels consistent with underlying patient demand.

        We
offer cash discounts to customers to encourage prompt payment. Cash discounts are estimated and accrued at the time of invoicing and are deducted from revenue.

        Following
a decrease in the price of a product, we generally grant customers a "shelf stock adjustment" for their existing inventory for the relevant product. Provisions for shelf stock
adjustments, which are primarily relevant within the Sandoz Division, are determined at the time of the price decline or at the point of sale, if the impact of a price decline on the products sold can
be reasonably estimated based on the customer's inventory levels of the relevant product.

        Other
sales discounts, such as consumer coupons and co-pay discount cards, are offered in some markets. The estimated amounts of these discounts are recorded at the time of sale, or when
the coupons are issued, and are estimated utilizing historical experience and the specific terms for each program. If a discount for a probable future transaction is offered as part of a sales
transaction then an appropriate portion of revenue is deferred to cover this estimated obligation.

        We
adjust provisions for revenue deductions periodically to reflect actual experience. To evaluate the adequacy of provision balances, we use internal and external estimates of the
inventory in transit, the level of inventory in the distribution and retail channels actual claims data received and the time lag for processing rebate claims. External data sources include reports
from wholesalers and third-party market data purchased by Novartis.

143

Table of Contents

        The
following table shows the worldwide extent of our revenue deductions provisions and related payment experiences for the Innovative Medicines, Sandoz and Alcon Divisions:

PROVISIONS FOR DEDUCTIONS FROM REVENUE

Income statement charge
Effect of currency translation and business combinations   Change in provisions offset against gross trade receivables
Revenue deductions provisions at January 1   Revenue deductions provisions at December 31
Payments/ utilizations   Adjustments of prior years   Current year
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
2017
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,461   (3,684   )   (62   )   3,875   1,590
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,020   131   (1,954   )   80   2,186   (107   )   1,356
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   1,702   65   (11,814   )   (127   )   12,045   (145   )   1,726
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total continuing operations 2017   4,183   196   (17,452   )   (109   )   18,106   (252   )   4,672
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
2016
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,165   (3,203   )   7   3,492   1,461
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,024   (31   )   (1,844   )   (26   )   1,883   14   1,020
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   1,601   (19   )   (11,142   )   (117   )   11,383   (4   )   1,702
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total continuing operations 2016   3,790   (50   )   (16,189   )   (136   )   16,758   10   4,183
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
2015
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,097   (2,823   )   (90   )   2,981   1,165
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   1,015   (109   )   (1,716   )   (3   )   1,846   (9   )   1,024
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   1,421   (69   )   (10,679   )   (124   )   10,993   59   1,601
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total continuing operations 2015   3,533   (178   )   (15,218   )   (217   )   15,820   50   3,790
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

144

Table of Contents

        The
table below shows the gross to net sales reconciliation for our Innovative Medicines Division:

GROSS TO NET SALES RECONCILIATION

Income statement charge
Charged through revenue deduction provisions   Charged directly without being recorded in revenue deduction provisions   Total   In % of gross sales
$ m   $ m   $ m
2017
Innovative Medicines gross sales subject to deductions   43,994   100.0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (3,303   )   (3,303   )   (7.5   )
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (1,722   )   (956   )   (2,678   )   (6.1   )
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   (2,698   )   (2,290   )   (4,988   )   (11.3   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Innovative Medicines gross to net sales adjustments   (7,723   )   (3,246   )   (10,969   )   (24.9   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Innovative Medicines net sales 2017   33,025   75.1
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
2016
Innovative Medicines gross sales subject to deductions   42,630   100.0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (3,051   )   (3,051   )   (7.2   )
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (1,352   )   (885   )   (2,237   )   (5.2   )
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   (2,736   )   (2,044   )   (4,780   )   (11.2   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Innovative Medicines gross to net sales adjustments   (7,139   )   (2,929   )   (10,068   )   (23.6   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Innovative Medicines net sales 2016   32,562   76.4
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
2015 (1)
Innovative Medicines gross sales subject to deductions   42,460   100.0
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (2,533   )   (2,533   )   (6.0   )
Non-US-specific healthcare plans and program rebates   (1,238   )   (762   )   (2,000   )   (4.7   )
Non-healthcare plans and program-related rebates, returns and other deductions   (2,831   )   (1,751   )   (4,582   )   (10.8   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Innovative Medicines gross to net sales adjustments   (6,602   )   (2,513   )   (9,115   )   (21.5   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Innovative Medicines net sales 2015   33,345   78.5
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016.

145

Table of Contents

Surgical Equipment Revenue

        Surgical equipment is often sold together with other products and services under a single contract. The total consideration is allocated to the
separate elements based on their relative fair values. Revenue is recognized once the recognition criteria have been met for each element of the contract.

        For
surgical equipment, in addition to cash and instalment sales, revenue is recognized under finance and operating lease arrangements. Arrangements in which Novartis transfers
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership to the customer are treated as finance lease arrangements. Revenue from finance lease arrangements is recognized at amounts equal to the
fair values of the equipment, which approximate the present values of the minimum lease payments under the arrangements. As interest rates embedded in lease arrangements are approximately market
rates, revenue under finance lease arrangements is comparable to revenue for outright sales. Finance income for arrangements in excess of twelve months is deferred and subsequently recognized based on
a pattern that approximates the use of the effective interest method and recorded in "Other income". Operating lease revenue for equipment rentals is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease
term.

Impairment of Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment

        We review long-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that
the asset's balance sheet carrying amount may not be recoverable. Goodwill, the Alcon brand name and other currently not amortized intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually.

        An
asset is generally considered impaired when its balance sheet carrying amount exceeds its estimated recoverable amount, which is defined as the higher of its fair value less costs of
disposal and its value in use. Usually, Novartis adopts the fair value less costs of disposal method for its impairment evaluation. In most cases no directly observable market inputs are available to
measure the fair value less costs of disposal. Therefore, an estimate of fair value less costs of disposal is derived indirectly and is based on net present value techniques utilizing post-tax cash
flows and discount rates. In the limited cases where the value in use method is applied, net present value techniques are utilized using pre-tax cash flows and discount rates.

        Fair
value reflects estimates of assumptions that market participants would be expected to use when pricing the asset and for this purpose management considers the range of economic
conditions that are expected to exist over the remaining useful life of the asset. The estimates used in calculating net present values are highly sensitive, and depend on assumptions specific to the
nature of the Group's activities with regard to:

–
 amount and timing of projected future cash flows;

–
 behavior of competitors (launch of competing products, marketing initiatives, etc.);

–
 probability of obtaining regulatory approvals;

–
 future tax rates;

–
 appropriate royalty rate for the Alcon brand name;

–
 appropriate terminal growth rate; and

–
 appropriate discount rate.

        Due
to the above factors and those further described in "Note 1. Significant accounting policies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on
Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, actual cash flows and values could vary significantly from forecasted future cash flows and related values derived using discounting techniques.

146

Table of Contents

        The
recoverable amount of the grouping of cash generating units to which goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are allocated is based on fair value less costs of disposal. The
valuations are derived from applying discounted future cash flows based on key assumptions, including the terminal growth rate and discount rate. For additional information see "Note 10.
Goodwill and intangible assets" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        In
2017, intangible asset impairment charges of $709 million were recognized, of which $591 million was recorded in the Innovative Medicines Division, $61 million in
the Sandoz Division, and $57 million in the Alcon Division.

        In
2016, intangible asset impairment charges for continuing operations of $591 million were recognized, of which $522 million was recorded in the Innovative Medicines
Division, $65 million in the Sandoz Division, and $4 million in the Alcon Division.

        In
2017 and in 2016, there were no reversals of prior-year impairment charges.

        Goodwill
and other intangible assets represent a significant part of our consolidated balance sheet, primarily due to acquisitions. Although no significant additional impairments are
currently anticipated, impairment evaluation could lead to material impairment charges in the future. For more information, see "Note 10. Goodwill and intangible assets" in the "Excerpts from
Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        Additionally,
net impairment charges for property, plant and equipment during 2017 amounted to $157 million (2016: $102 million).

Trade Receivables

        Trade receivables are initially recognized at their invoiced amounts including any related sales taxes less adjustments for estimated revenue
deductions such as rebates, charge-backs and cash discounts.

        Provisions
for doubtful trade receivables are established once there is an indication that it is likely that a loss will be incurred. These provisions represent the difference between
the trade receivable's carrying amount in the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated net collectible amount. Significant financial difficulties of a customer, such as probability of bankruptcy,
financial reorganization, default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that recovery of the trade receivable is doubtful. Trade receivable balances include sales to drug wholesalers,
retailers, private health systems, government agencies, managed care providers, pharmacy benefit managers and government-supported healthcare systems. Novartis continues to monitor sovereign debt
issues and economic conditions in Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Brazil, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and other countries, and evaluates trade receivables in these countries for potential collection
risks. Substantially all of the trade receivables overdue from Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Saudi Arabia are due directly from local governments or from government-funded entities. Deteriorating
credit and economic conditions as well as other factors in these countries have resulted in, and may continue to result in an increase in the average length of time that it takes to collect these
trade receivables and may require Novartis to re-evaluate the collectability of these trade receivables in future periods.

Contingent Consideration

        In a business combination or divestment of a business, it is necessary to recognize contingent future payments to previous owners representing
contractually defined potential amounts as a liability or asset. Usually for Novartis these are linked to milestone or royalty payments related to certain assets and are recognized as a financial
liability or financial asset at their fair value, which is then re-measured at each subsequent reporting date. These estimations typically depend on factors such as technical milestones or market
performance and are adjusted for the probability of their likelihood of payment, and if material, are appropriately discounted to reflect the impact of time.

147

Table of Contents

        Changes
in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities in subsequent periods are recognized in the consolidated income statement in "Cost of goods sold" for currently marketed
products and in "Research & Development" for In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D). Changes in contingent consideration assets are recognized in "Other income" or "Other expense",
depending on its nature.

        The
effect of unwinding the discount over time is recognized for contingent liabilities in "Interest expense" and for contingent assets in "other financial income and expense" in the
consolidated income statement.

Impairment of Associated Companies Accounted for at Equity

        Novartis considers investments in associated companies for impairment evaluation whenever objective evidence indicates the net investment may be
impaired, including when a quoted share price indicates a fair value less than the per-share balance sheet carrying value for the investment.

        If
the recoverable amount of the investment is estimated to be lower than the balance sheet carrying amount an impairment charge is recognized for the difference in the consolidated
income statement under "Income from associated companies".

Retirement and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans

        We sponsor pension and other post-employment benefit plans in various forms that cover a significant portion of our current and former
associates. For post-employment plans with defined benefit obligations, we are required to make significant assumptions and estimates about future events in calculating the expense and the present
value of the liability related to these plans. These include assumptions about the interest rates we apply to estimate future defined benefit obligations and net periodic pension expense, as well as
rates of future pension increases. In addition, our actuarial consultants provide our management with historical statistical information such as withdrawal and mortality rates in connection with these
estimates.

        Assumptions
and estimates used by the Group may differ materially from the actual results we experience due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates,
and longer or shorter life spans of participants among other factors. For example, in 2017, a decrease in the interest rate we apply in determining the present value of the defined benefit obligations
of one-quarter of one percent would have increased our year-end defined benefit pension obligation for plans in Switzerland, United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Japan, which represent 94% of
the Group total defined benefit pension obligation, by approximately $0.8 billion. Similarly, if the 2017 interest rate had been one quarter of one percentage point lower than actually assumed,
the net periodic pension cost for pension plans in these countries, which represent about 82% of the Group's total net periodic pension cost for pension plans, would have increased by approximately
$23 million. Depending on events, such differences could have a material effect on our total equity. For more information on obligations under retirement and other post-employment benefit plans
and underlying actuarial assumptions, see "Note 24. Post-employment benefits for associates" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on
January 24, 2018.

Provisions and Contingencies

        A number of Group companies are involved in various government investigations and legal proceedings (intellectual property, sales and marketing
practices, product liability, commercial, employment and wrongful discharge, environmental claims, etc.) arising out of the normal
conduct of their businesses. For more information, see "Note 19. Provisions and other non-current liabilities" and "Note 27. Commitments and contingencies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis
Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

148

Table of Contents

        We
record provisions for legal proceedings when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reliably estimated. These provisions are adjusted periodically as
assessments change or additional information becomes available. For significant product liability cases, the provision is actuarially determined based on factors such as past experience, amount and
number of claims reported, and estimates of claims incurred but not yet reported.

        Provisions
are recorded for environmental remediation costs when expenditure on remedial work is probable and the cost can be reliably estimated. Remediation costs are provided for under
"Non-current liabilities" in the Group's consolidated balance sheet.

        Provisions
relating to estimated future expenditure for liabilities do not usually reflect any insurance or other claims or recoveries, since these are only recognized as assets when the
amount is reasonably estimable and collection is virtually certain.

Research & Development

        Internal Research & Development costs are fully charged to the consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred. We
consider that regulatory and other uncertainties inherent in the development of new products preclude the capitalization of internal development expenses as an intangible asset usually until marketing
approval from the regulatory authority is obtained in a relevant major market, such as for the United States, the European Union, Switzerland or Japan.

Healthcare Contributions

        In many countries, our subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the countries' healthcare costs as part of programs other than the
ones mentioned above under deductions from revenues. The amounts to be paid depend on various criteria such as the subsidiary's market share or sales volume compared to certain targets. Considerable
judgment is required in estimating these contributions, as not all data is available when the estimates need to be made.

        The
largest of these healthcare contributions relates to the US Healthcare Reform fee, which was introduced in 2011. This fee is an annual levy to be paid by US pharmaceutical companies,
including various Novartis subsidiaries, based on each company's qualifying sales as a percentage of the prior year's government-funded program sales. This pharmaceutical fee levy is recognized in
"Other expense".

        In
addition, effective 2013, the United States government implemented a medical device sales tax that is levied on the Alcon Division's United States sales of products which that
considered surgical devices under the law. This medical device tax is initially included in the cost of inventory as, for Alcon, the tax is usually levied on intercompany sales. It is expensed as cost
of goods sold when the inventory is sold to third parties. In December 2015, Congress enacted a law that included a two-year moratorium on applying the medical device excise tax, which expired on
December 31, 2017. On January 22, 2018, the US Congress extended the moratorium for an additional two years.

Taxes

        We prepare and file our tax returns based on an interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates based on these judgments and
interpretations. Our tax returns are subject to examination by the competent taxing authorities, which may result in an assessment being made requiring payments of additional tax, interest or
penalties. Since Novartis uses its intellectual property globally to deliver goods and services, the transfer prices within the Group as well as arrangements between subsidiaries to finance research
and development and other activities may be challenged by the national tax authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which Novartis operates. Therefore, inherent uncertainties exist in our estimates
of our tax positions, but we believe that our estimated amounts for current and deferred tax assets or liabilities, including any amounts related to any uncertain tax positions, are appropriate based
on currently known facts and circumstances.

149

Table of Contents

New Accounting Pronouncements

        See "Note 1. Significant accounting policies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K
on January 24, 2018.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

        The Group's management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Group's independent statutory auditor
also issued an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Both the Group's management and its external auditors concluded that the Group maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017.

FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Transformational Changes Fueling Demand

Accelerating biomedical innovation

        We are seeing an explosion of innovation in medical science. Better understanding of the molecular mechanisms of disease, coupled with new types
of therapies, promises to yield powerful new medicines for patients. The trend toward patient-specific precision treatments will likely accelerate.

        Further
advances in molecular biology, which has been a mainstay of research for decades, will continue to yield results. Scientists contributing to the Human Protein Atlas have
identified about 1 800 proteins that they believe are possible targets for drugs. So far, only about 600 of them are actually targeted by currently approved therapies. In addition, new
molecular techniques, such as gene editing, personalized cell therapies and harnessing the cell's own waste disposal system, could open new treatment opportunities—including ones that go
beyond what has been possible using today's drugs.

        The
advent of digital technologies as therapeutic aids is also starting to alter the conventional notion of medical treatment. For instance, mobile applications that aim to treat
substance abuse and help diabetics manage their disease have received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Combining traditional medicines with digital technology that helps
patients follow healthy behaviors holds great promise for improving the quality of care as well as treatment outcomes for patients.

Transforming how doctors diagnose and treat diseases

        Although the digital revolution has been relatively slow to arrive in healthcare, it is gaining momentum and will likely bring radical change in
the coming years.

        A
growing proliferation of sensor technology is helping researchers and doctors gather increasing amounts of information about patients' health and how they respond to treatment. Care
providers are starting to mine healthcare data using a combination of statistical methods and artificial intelligence to flag emerging medical problems and help physicians diagnose and treat patients.
In fact, a recent study found that computers already have an edge over doctors in their ability to predict the likelihood that a patient will have a heart attack over a 10-year period, based on an
evaluation of risk factors.

        Patients,
armed with greater access to their own medical data, will likely play a more active role in preventing diseases and managing their own care when they become ill. The role of
physicians and other care providers will likely also evolve as they help educate patients on treatment options and steer patients toward the most effective choices.

150

Table of Contents

Transforming drug research and development

        Digital technology may also increasingly improve the efficiency and effectiveness of researching and developing potential new therapies. The
marriage of data and artificial intelligence will enable complex biological simulations that complement human scientific ingenuity. Such tools are already being considered by the FDA as replacements
for preclinical animal studies to assess toxicity in potential new medicines. As digital tools become more widespread, they may be able to shorten research times and improve the likelihood that
experimental drugs will prove safe and effective.

        This
surge in medical innovation will likely occur in an increasingly diverse and fragmented research environment, with new advances coming from a variety of
sources—sometimes unexpected ones. Molecular biology may intersect with other disciplines, from engineering to computer science, to advance the practice of medicine. And we expect there
will be greater diversity in funding for research. Already we see governments, companies and venture capitalists increasingly supporting academic researchers' efforts to advance promising experimental
therapies.

        All
of these factors are contributing to greater competition at the forefront of innovation in medical science. One upshot is that medicines will likely be held to a higher standard of
efficacy in the future.

Aging populations

        While accelerating medical innovation could help tame some of the devastating diseases that still plague humanity, other trends in society pose
significant challenges. Rapidly aging populations continue to put pressure on health systems around the world.

        People
are living longer and the worldwide elderly population continues to grow at a rapid pace. The number of people in the world over age 60 will reach about 1.4 billion by
2030, according to projections by the United Nations, up from less than 1 billion today. Aging populations, in addition to rapid urbanization and changing lifestyles in the developing world,
are contributing to increased prevalence of chronic ailments such as heart disease and cancer.

        At
the same time, many countries are working to expand access to healthcare. For example, China recently expanded reimbursement of some medicines.

        These
factors are driving higher healthcare spending, which is expected to grow at an annual rate of 4.3% between 2015 and 2020, reaching a total of $8.7 trillion worldwide, projects the
Economist Intelligence Unit. By 2020, about half of that spending is expected to go toward treating the three leading causes of death worldwide: cardiovascular disease, cancer and respiratory disease.

        To
keep costs in check, governments and health insurers are already employing a variety of tactics, including increasing the use of generics and biosimilars, imposing price cuts, and
limiting access to some innovative therapies. The pharmaceutical industry is also playing a role, exploring new pricing models and delivering innovative new treatments that maximize benefits for
patients.

Better health outcomes for patients

        In pursuit of greater efficiency and effectiveness, some healthcare systems are also expediting the transition from a system based on fees for
services toward one based on reimbursement for specific health outcomes in patients. In the US, for instance, a new law came into effect in 2017 that aims to tie reimbursement more closely to quality
and health outcomes for some elderly patients.

        As
the transition accelerates, we expect health systems will increasingly find ways to discourage the use of medical treatments that bring little or no value for patients or healthcare
systems. In parallel, they will likely place greater value on treatments that delay the progression of disease or that help avoid events requiring expensive acute care, such as heart attacks.

151

Table of Contents

        With
people living longer and retirement ages rising, we also anticipate countries and health systems will put greater emphasis on keeping people fit and productive later in life. And we
think there will be growing emphasis on maintaining quality of life as people age, with less focus on extending life by a few more months.

        For
more detailed discussion about the risks facing Novartis and what we're doing to mitigate them, see "—Increasingly Challenging Business Environment" below.

        We
think the trends driving changes in healthcare will bring new opportunities for Novartis, as well as new challenges. And we believe the changes now underway in our industry raise the
importance of delivering true innovation that produces better health outcomes for patients and health systems, with greater efficiency.

Increasingly Challenging Business Environment

Loss of exclusivity for patented products

        Pharmaceutical companies routinely face generic competition when their products lose patent or other intellectual property protection, and
Novartis is no exception. Major products of our Innovative Medicines Division, as well as certain products of our Alcon and Sandoz Divisions, are protected by patent or other intellectual property
rights, allowing us to exclusively market those products. The loss of exclusivity has had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our results. In 2017, the impact of generic competition on
our net sales amounted to approximately $2.0 billion.

        Some
of our best-selling products face or are expected to face considerable competition due to the expiration of patent or other intellectual property protection. For example, we faced
generic competition for
Gleevec/Glivec
 in the United States, European Union and Japan throughout 2017, which will continue. Patent protection for our

Sandostatin
 products has expired and generic versions of
Sandostatin
 SC are available in the United
States, European Union and Japan. Diovan and Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT, which had long been our best-selling products, have generic competitors in the United States, European Union and Japan. Looking
forward, intellectual property protecting a number of our major products will expire at various times in the coming years, raising the likelihood of further generic competition. Among our products
expected to begin losing intellectual property in key countries during the next three years are
Gilenya
, our everolimus products
(
Afinitor/Votubia
 and
Certican/Zortress
),
Exjade/Jadenu

and
Lucentis
.

        To
counter the impact of patent expirations, we continuously invest in R&D to rejuvenate our portfolio. For example, in 2017, we invested 18.3% of total net sales in R&D. One measure of
the output of our efforts is the performance of our growth drivers, including
Cosentyx
 and
Entresto
, the
launches of
Kisqali
,
Kymriah
 and
Rydapt
 in 2017, and the
newly launched Sandoz biosimilars. Novartis also has a number of late-stage product candidates in its pipeline with the potential to come to market in the next few years.

Ability to deliver new products

        Our ability to maintain and grow our business and to replace revenue and income lost to generic and other competition depends in part on the
success of our R&D activities in identifying and developing new treatments, that address unmet medical needs, are accepted by patients and physicians, and are reimbursed by payors.

        Developing
new healthcare products and bringing them to market is a costly, lengthy and uncertain process. R&D for a new product in our Innovative Medicines Division can take
15 years or more, from discovery to commercial launch. With time limits on intellectual property protections, the longer it takes to develop a product, the less time we may have to recoup our
costs. During each stage of development, there is a significant risk that we will encounter obstacles. They may cause a delay or add substantial

152

Table of Contents

expense,
limit the potential for commercial success, or force us to abandon a product in which we have invested substantial amounts of time and money.

        In
addition, as healthcare costs continue to rise, governments and payors around the world are increasingly focused on health outcomes, rewarding new products that represent truly
breakthrough innovation versus those that offer an incremental benefit over other products in the same therapeutic class. This has led to requests for more clinical trial data than has been required
in the past, the inclusion of significantly higher numbers of patients in clinical trials, and more detailed analyses of the trials. As a result, despite significant efforts by health authorities such
as the FDA to accelerate the development of new drugs, the already lengthy and expensive process of obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products has become even more
challenging.

        Our
Sandoz Division faces similar challenges, particularly in the development of biosimilars. While Sandoz was a pioneer in introducing biosimilars to the European market in 2006, and
was the first company to win approval for a biosimilar under the new regulatory pathway in the United States in 2015, many countries still lack fully developed regulatory frameworks for the
development and approval of biosimilars. Further delays in establishing regulatory frameworks, or any other difficulties that may arise in the development or marketing of biosimilars, could put at
risk the significant investments that Sandoz has made, and will continue to make, in this area.

        Our
Alcon Division faces medical device development and approval processes that are often similarly difficult. As part of its growth plan, Alcon has taken steps to accelerate innovation.
It has started to see the results of its efforts, with the approval and launch of intraocular lens innovations in 2016 and 2017, including
Clareon
 and

PanOptix
 IOLs,
AutonoMe
 and
Ultrasert
 IOL delivery
systems, and,
ReSTOR
 Toric IOL with
ACTIVEFOCUS
 optical design, as well as

CyPass
 micro-stent and a
multifocal version of
Dailies Total1
. But there is no certainty that Alcon will
continue to be successful in these efforts, and if it is not, there could be a material adverse effect on the success of the Alcon Division, and on the Group as a whole.

        In
spite of our significant investments, there can be no guarantee that our R&D activities will produce commercially viable new products that will enable us to grow our business and
replace revenue and income lost to competition.

Commercial success of key products

        Our ability to grow depends not only on our pipeline delivery, but also on our commercial success, particularly with respect to our key growth
drivers, which we consider to be an indicator of our ability to renew our portfolio. The commercial success of these products could be impacted at any time by a number of factors, including new
competitors, changes in doctors' prescribing habits, pricing pressure, manufacturing issues, and loss of intellectual property protection. In addition, our revenue could be significantly impacted by
the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of new products.

        All
of our businesses face intense competition from new products and scientific advances from competitors. Physicians, patients and payors may choose competitor products instead of ours
if they perceive them to be better in terms of efficacy, safety, cost or convenience.

        In
particular, our Alcon Division and our US Sandoz business each has suffered declines in sales and profits in recent years due at least in part to increased competition for its
products, although Alcon's results improved in 2017, returning to growth. There can be no certainty either that Sandoz US sales
will recover, or that Alcon's improved results will be repeated in the coming years. In any event, such competition and the costs of our efforts to improve these businesses' performance, as well as
other factors, can be expected to affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of these organizations, at least in the near term. In addition, despite the devotion of significant
resources to our efforts to improve the performance of Alcon and Sandoz US, those efforts may ultimately prove insufficient.

153

Table of Contents

Pricing and reimbursement

        Around the world, governments and payors continue to struggle with rising healthcare costs as aging populations contribute to increased
prevalence of chronic diseases. There have also been examples of significant controversies about prices for pharmaceuticals that some members of the public have considered excessive. These factors
have intensified the pressures we face regarding the prices we charge for our drugs, and our ability to establish satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products by governments, insurers and
other payors.

        In
our Sandoz Division, for example, sales declined in 2017 due to intense industry pricing pressure in the US. Sales growth outside the United States was unable to fully compensate.

        We
expect scrutiny to continue in 2018, and the following years, as governments and insurers around the world strive to reduce healthcare costs through steps such as restricting access
to higher-priced new medicines, increasing coinsurance or copays owed by patients for medicines, increasing the use of generics, and imposing price cuts. In this environment, we believe it is more
important than ever to demonstrate the value that true innovation brings to the healthcare system.

        To
manage these pressures, we are investing in real-world data and analytics to provide additional evidence of the health benefits of our products, exploring new technologies and patient
management services, and partnering with payors to develop and scale outcomes-based commercial models. For example, we are working with customers on flexible pricing approaches where we are fully
compensated only if a drug succeeds in meeting certain performance targets.

Business practices

        In recent years, there has been a trend of increasing government investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry,
including in the United States and other countries. We are obligated to comply with the laws of all countries in which we operate, as well as any new requirements that may be imposed upon us. But
beyond legal requirements, we strive to meet evolving public expectations for ethical behavior. We have a significant global compliance program in place, and we devote substantial time and resources
to efforts to ensure that our business is conducted in a legal and publicly acceptable manner. Despite these efforts, any failure to comply with the law could lead to substantial liabilities that may
not be covered by insurance and could affect our business and reputation.

        Governments
and regulatory authorities worldwide are also increasingly challenging practices previously considered to be legal and compliant. For example, sponsoring doctors to attend
medical conferences has long been used by pharmaceutical companies to help raise awareness of the latest advances in medicine. One of our goals in 2017 was to find better and more inclusive ways to
reach a broader cross-section of this community. We have therefore started to employ technology to supplement face-to-face meetings and bring the experience of international congresses to the local
level.

        Responding
to these challenges and new regulations is costly. Investigations and litigation may affect our reputation, create a risk of potential exclusion from government reimbursement
programs in the United States and other countries, and potentially lead to large damage payments and agreements intended to regulate company behavior. This is why we continued to strengthen the
Integrity & Compliance function in 2017. The function now has 473 employees and is headed by our Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, who reports directly to the CEO of Novartis. The Chief
Ethics and Compliance Officer is also Head of Litigation, reporting to the Group General Counsel of Novartis. By bringing the Integrity & Compliance and Legal functions closer together, we can
evaluate facts that might be at issue in lawsuits to determine if additional compliance actions or policies are warranted. We expect this will help us constantly improve our compliance activities.

154

Table of Contents

Supply continuity

        The production of pharmaceutical products and medical devices can be highly complex, and any manufacturing issue compromising supply or quality
could have serious consequences for the health of patients. For this reason, there are strict regulatory requirements surrounding our manufacturing processes, which, in addition to our own high
quality standards, introduce a greater chance for disruptions and liabilities. Any significant failure by us or our third party suppliers to comply with these requirements or the health authorities'
expectations, may cause us to shut down the production facilities or production lines. Alternately, we may be forced to shut them down by a government health authority.

        Beyond
regulatory requirements, many of our products involve technically sophisticated manufacturing processes or require specialized raw materials. For example, biologic products,
produced from living plant or animal micro-organisms comprise a significant portion of our product portfolio. For biologic products, slight deviations in the production process could lead to
production failures or recalls. Our portfolio also includes a number of sterile products such as oncology treatments, which are technically complex to manufacture and require strict environmental
controls. There is a greater chance of production failures and supply interruptions for such products.

        Given
the complexity of our manufacturing processes, we have worked for several years to adopt a single high-quality standard across the company. We believe these efforts are having an
impact. The results of inspections by regulatory agencies in 2017 were consistent with the year before. Out of a total of 217 inspections, all but two (99%) were without major findings.

Foreign exchange fluctuations

        Changes in exchange rates between the US dollar, our reporting currency, and other currencies can have a significant effect on our reported
sales, costs and earnings, as well as on the reported value of our assets, liabilities and cash flows.

        For
example, because our expenditures in Swiss francs are significantly higher than our revenue in Swiss francs, volatility in the value of the Swiss franc can have a significant impact
on our reported results, and the timing and extent of such volatility can be difficult to predict.

        There
is also a risk that certain countries could take steps that could significantly impact the value of their currencies, such as withdrawing from trade agreements or common
currencies. In addition, countries facing local financial difficulties, including countries experiencing high inflation rates and highly indebted countries facing large capital outflows, may impose
controls on the exchange of foreign currency. Such exchange controls could limit our ability to distribute retained earnings from our local affiliates, or to pay intercompany payables due from those
countries.

        To
mitigate the risk posed by foreign exchange fluctuations, we engage in hedging transactions where management deems appropriate, after taking into account the natural hedging afforded
by our global business activity.

Intangible assets and goodwill

        We carry a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet, primarily due to acquisitions,
including the acquisition of Alcon and the oncology assets acquired from GSK. As a result, we may incur significant impairment charges if the fair value of intangible assets and groupings of cash
generating units containing goodwill are less than their carrying value on the Group's consolidated balance sheet at any point in time.

        We
regularly review our long-lived intangible and tangible assets for impairment. In 2017, for example, we recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $709 million, including
the cost of discontinuing the development of RLX030 (serelaxin). Impairment testing may lead to additional

155

Table of Contents

impairment
charges in the future. Any significant impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Tax

        Our worldwide operations are taxed under the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. However, the integrated nature of our worldwide
operations can produce conflicting claims from revenue authorities in different countries as to the profits to be taxed in the individual countries, including disputes relating to transfer pricing.
The majority of the jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues
and capital gains. However, mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims are largely untried, and can be expected to be very lengthy.

        In
recent years, tax authorities around the world have increased their scrutiny of company tax filings, and have become more rigid in exercising any discretion they may have. As part of
this, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has proposed a number of tax law changes under its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plans to address issues of
transparency, coherence and substance.

        At
the same time, the European Commission is finalizing its Anti Tax Avoidance Directive, which seeks to prevent tax avoidance by companies and to ensure that companies pay appropriate
taxes in the markets where profits are effectively made and business is effectively performed. The European Commission also continues to extend the application of its policies seeking to limit fiscal
aid by Member States to particular companies, and the related investigation of the Member States' practices regarding the issuance of rulings on tax matters relating to individual companies.

        These
OECD and EU tax reform initiatives also need local country implementation, including in our home country of Switzerland, which may result in significant changes to established tax
principles. Although we have taken steps to be in compliance with the evolving OECD and EU tax initiatives, and will continue to do so, significant uncertainties remain as to the outcome of these
efforts.

        In
addition, in the United States, the president on December 22, 2017, signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which includes substantial changes to the US taxation of
individuals and businesses. Although the new law substantially decreased tax rates applicable to corporations, we do not yet know what all of the consequences of this new statute will be, including
whether the law will have any unintended consequences. In particular, significant uncertainties remain as to how the US government will implement the new law, including with respect to the tax
qualification of interest deductions, the concept of a territorial tax regime, royalty payments and cost of goods sold.

        In
general, such tax reform efforts, including with respect to tax base or rate, transfer pricing, intercompany dividends, cross border transactions, controlled corporations, and
limitations on tax relief allowed on the interest on intercompany debt, will require us to continually assess our organizational
structure against tax policy trends, and could lead to an increased risk of international tax disputes and an increase in our effective tax rate, and could adversely affect our financial results.

IT security, data integrity and data privacy

        We are heavily dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology (IT) systems, including internet-based systems, to
support business processes.

        The
size and complexity of our IT systems, and in some instances their age, make them potentially vulnerable to external and internal security incidents, breakdowns, malicious
intrusions, cybercrimes, including State-sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced and lost data, programming and human errors, and other similar events. Although we have devoted and continue to
devote significant resources and management attention to cybersecurity and to business continuity efforts, like many companies, we

156

Table of Contents

have
experienced certain of these events and expect to continue to experience them in the future, as the external cyber-attack threaat only keeps growing. We believe that the data security incidents
we have experienced to date have not resulted in significant disruptions to our operations, and have not had a significant adverse effect on our results of operations, or on third parties. However, we
may not be able to prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems and we may not be able to prevent such events from having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operation, or reputation.

        In
addition, our routine business operations, including through the use of information technologies such as the Internet, social media, mobile technologies, and technology-based medical
devices, increasingly involve our gathering personal information (including sensitive personal information) about patients, vendors, customers, employees, collaborators and others. Breaches of our
systems or those of our third-party contractors, or other failures to protect such information, could expose such people's personal information to unauthorized persons. Any such event could give rise
to significant potential liability and reputational harm, including potentially substantial monetary penalties. We also make significant efforts to ensure that any international transfers of personal
data are done in compliance with applicable law. Any additional restraints that may be placed on our ability to transfer such data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and reputation.

Transformational technologies and business models

        Rapid progress in digital technologies and in the development of new business models is substantially transforming numerous industries around
the world, while sometimes quickly rendering established businesses uncompetitive or obsolete. To take advantage of these opportunities, Novartis has embarked upon a digital transformation strategy,
with the goal of making Novartis an industry leader in leveraging advanced analytics and other new technologies. At the same time, there is a risk that other companies with specialized expertise or
business models may enter the healthcare field, potentially disrupting our relationships with patients, healthcare professionals, customers, distributors and suppliers, with unknown potential
consequences for us.

        If
we should fail to succeed in our efforts at a digital transformation of our company, then there is a risk that we may fail to create the innovative new products, tools or techniques
that such technologies may make possible, or may fail to create them as quickly and efficiently as such technologies may enable. We may also lose opportunities to engage with our stakeholders and to
profit from improved business processes, and may lose the resources devoted to these efforts to transform our business. At the same time, should third parties successfully enter the healthcare field
with disruptive new technologies or business models, then we potentially may see our business supplanted in whole or in part by these new entrants.

Approach to Risk Management

        The Risk Committee of the Board ensures the Group has implemented an appropriate and effective risk management system and process. It reviews
with management and Internal Audit the identification, prioritization and management of the risks, the accountabilities and roles of the functions involved in risk management, the risk portfolio and
the related actions implemented by management. The Risk Committee informs the Board of Directors on a periodic basis.

        The
Group Risk Office coordinates and aligns the risk management processes, and reports to the Risk Committee on a regular basis on risk assessment and risk management. Organizational
and process measures have been designed to identify and mitigate risks at an early stage. Organizationally, the responsibility for risk assessment and management is allocated to the divisions,
organizational units, and functions, with specialized Corporate functions, such as Group Finance, Group Legal, Group Quality Assurance, Corporate Health, Safety and Environment, Business Continuity
Management,
Integrity & Compliance and the Business Practices Office providing support and controlling the effectiveness of risk management in these areas.

157

Table of Contents

        Financial
risk management is described in more detail in "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017"
furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

NON-IFRS MEASURES AS DEFINTED BY NOVARTIS

        Novartis uses certain non-IFRS metrics when measuring performance, especially when measuring current year results against prior periods,
including core results, constant currencies, free cash flow and net debt.

        Despite
the use of these measures by management in setting goals and measuring the Group's performance, these are non-IFRS measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS.
As a result, such measures have limits in their usefulness to investors.

        Because
of their non-standardized definitions, the non-IFRS measures (unlike IFRS measures) may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies. These
non-IFRS measures are presented solely to permit investors to more fully understand how the Group's management assesses underlying performance. These non-IFRS measures are not, and should not be
viewed as, a substitute for IFRS measures.

        As
an internal measure of Group performance, these non-IFRS measures have limitations, and the Group's performance management process is not solely restricted to these metrics.

Core Results

        The Group's core results—including core operating income, core net income and core earnings per share—exclude fully the
amortization and impairment charges of intangible assets, except software, and certain acquisition-related items. The following items that exceed a threshold of $25 million are also excluded:
integration and divestment related income and expenses, divestment gains and losses, restructuring charges/releases and related items, legal related items, impairments of property, plant and equipment
and financial assets, as well as income and expense items that management deems exceptional and that are or are expected to accumulate within the year to be over a $25 million threshold.

        Novartis
believes that investor understanding of the Group's performance is enhanced by disclosing core measures of performance since they exclude items that can vary significantly from
year to year, the core measures enable better comparison of business performance across years. For this same reason, Novartis uses these core measures in addition to IFRS and other measures as
important factors in assessing the Group's performance.

        The
following are examples of how these core measures are utilized:

–
 In addition to monthly reports containing financial information prepared under IFRS, senior management receives a monthly analysis
incorporating these core measures.

–
 Annual budgets are prepared for both IFRS and core measures.

        A
limitation of the core measures is that they provide a view of the Group's operations without including all events during a period, such as the effects of an acquisition, divestments,
or amortization/impairments of purchased intangible assets and restructurings.

Constant Currencies

        Changes in the relative values of non-US currencies to the US dollar can affect the Group's financial results and financial position. To provide
additional information that may be useful to investors, including changes in sales volume, we present information about our net sales and various values relating to operating and net income that are
adjusted for such foreign currency effects.

158

Table of Contents

        Constant
currency calculations have the goal of eliminating two exchange rate effects so that an estimate can be made of underlying changes in the consolidated income statement excluding
the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates:

–
 The impact of translating the income statements of consolidated entities from their non-US dollar functional currencies to US dollars; and

–
 The impact of exchange rate movements on the major transactions of consolidated entities performed in currencies other than their functional
currency.

        We
calculate constant currency measures by translating the current year's foreign currency values for sales and other income statement items into US dollars, using the average exchange
rates from the prior year and comparing them to the prior year values in US dollars.

        We
use these constant currency measures in evaluating the Group's performance, since they may assist us in evaluating our ongoing performance from year to year. However, in performing
our evaluation,
we also consider equivalent measures of performance that are not affected by changes in the relative value of currencies.

Growth Rate Calculation

        For ease of understanding, Novartis uses a sign convention for its growth rates such that a reduction in operating expenses or losses compared
to the prior year is shown as a positive growth.

Free Cash Flow

        Free cash flow is presented as additional information because management believes it is a useful supplemental indicator of the Group's ability
to operate without reliance on additional borrowing or use of existing cash. Free cash flow is a measure of the net cash generated that is available for debt repayment, investment in strategic
opportunities and for returning to shareholders. Free cash flow is a non-IFRS measure, which means it should not be interpreted as a measure determined under IFRS. Free cash flow is not intended to be
a substitute measure for cash flow from operating activities as determined under IFRS.

        Novartis
defines free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities and cash flow associated with the purchase or sale of property, plant and equipment, as well as intangible, other
non-current and financial assets, excluding marketable securities. The definition of free cash flow used by Novartis does not include amounts related to changes in investments in associated companies
or related acquisitions or divestments of subsidiaries.

Net Debt

        Net debt is presented as additional information because management believes it is a useful supplemental indicator of the Group's ability to pay
dividends, to meet financial commitments and to invest in new strategic opportunities, including strengthening its balance sheet. Net debt is a non-IFRS measure, which means it should not be
interpreted as a measure determined under IFRS.

        Novartis
defines net debt as current and non-current financial debt less cash and cash equivalents, current investments and derivative financial instruments.

Novartis Cash Value Added

        Novartis Cash Value Added (NCVA) is a metric that is based on what the company assesses to be its cash flow return less a capital charge on
gross operating assets. NCVA is used as the primary internal financial measure for determining payouts under the Long-Term Performance Plan introduced in 2014.

159

Table of Contents

More
information on NCVA is presented as part of the Compensation Report, see "Item 6.B Compensation".

Additional Information

EBITDA

        Novartis defines earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as operating income from continuing operations excluding
depreciation of property, plant and equipment (including any related impairment charges) and amortization of intangible assets (including any related impairment charges).

2017   2016   Change
$ m   $ m   $ m
Operating income   8,629   8,268   361
Depreciation of property, plant & equipment   1,520   1,489   31
Amortization of intangible assets   3,690   3,861   (171   )
Impairments of property, plant & equipment, and intangible assets   866   693   173
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
EBITDA   14,705   14,311   394
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

Enterprise value

        Enterprise value represents the total amount that shareholders and debt holders have invested in Novartis, less the Group's liquidity.

Dec 31, 2017   Dec 31, 2016   Change
$ m   $ m   $ m
Market capitalization   195,541   172,048   23,493
Non-controlling interests   59   59   0
Financial debts and derivatives   28,532   23,802   4,730
Liquidity   (9,485   )   (7,777   )   (1,708   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Enterprise value   214,647   188,132   26,515
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Enterprise value/EBITDA   15   13
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

160

Table of Contents

2017 AND 2016 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE RESULTS

Innovative Medicines   Sandoz   Alcon   Corporate   Group
2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
IFRS Operating income   7,782   7,426   1,368   1,445   (190   )   (132   )   (331   )   (471   )   8,629   8,268
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Amortization of intangible assets   2,243   2,440   454   460   901   901   3,598   3,801
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Impairments
Intangible assets   591   522   61   65   57   4   709   591
Property, plant & equipment related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites   7   1   60   (7   )   67   (6   )
Other property, plant & equipment   77   76   13   8   90   84
Financial assets   18   29   197   99   226   117
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total impairment charges   675   617   134   66   86   4   197   99   1,092   786
Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items ..
—Income   (2   )   (68   )   (115   )   (229   )   (117   )   (297   )
—Expense   32   41   130   223   162   264
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, net   30   (27   )   15   (6   )   45   (33   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Other items
Divestment gains   (368   )   (608   )   (6   )   (48   )   (368   )   (662   )
Restructuring and related items
—Income   (53   )   (41   )   (7   )   (23   )   (4   )   (4   )   (1   )   (5   )   (65   )   (73   )
—Expense   268   418   134   123   34   33   29   65   465   639
Legal-related items
—Income   (21   )   (99   )   (21   )   (99   )
—Expense   35   205   61   96   205
Additional income   (534   )   (61   )   (3   )   (51   )   (13   )   (372   )   (22   )   (960   )   (96   )
Additional expense   273   84   6   20   61   46   100   339   251
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total other items   (400   )   (102   )   124   100   60   77   (298   )   90   (514   )   165
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total adjustments   2,548   2,928   712   626   1,047   982   (86   )   183   4,221   4,719
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income   10,330   10,354   2,080   2,071   857   850   (417   )   (288   )   12,850   12,987
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
as % of net sales   31.3   %   31.8   %   20.7   %   20.4   %   14.2   %   14.6   %   26.2   %   26.8   %
Income from associated companies   (1   )   23   6   1,086   697   1,108   703
Core adjustments to income from associated companies, net of tax   1   226   431   227   431
Interest expense   (777   )   (707   )
Other financial income and expense (1)   39   (99   )
Taxes, adjusted for above items (core taxes)   (2,056   )   (2,001   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income   11,391   11,314
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG   11,391   11,307
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core basic EPS ($) (2)   4.86   4.75
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Adjusted
for charges of $0.3 billion in 2016 related mainly to devaluation losses in Venezuela.

(2)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

161

Table of Contents

2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE RESULTS

Innovative Medicines (1)
Sandoz   Alcon
Corporate   Group
2015 restated (2)   2015 restated (2)   2015 restated (2)
2016   2016   2016   2016   2015   2016   2015
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
IFRS Operating income from continuing operations   7,426   7,815   1,445   1,300   (132   )   281   (471   )   (419   )   8,268   8,977
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Amortization of intangible assets   2,440   2,367   460   447   901   895   3,801   3,709
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Impairments
Intangible assets   522   138   65   27   4   1   591   166
Property, plant & equipment related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites   1   6   (7   )   83   (6   )   89
Other property, plant & equipment   76   (45   )   8   14   1   21   84   (9   )
Financial assets   18   32   99   91   117   123
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total impairment charges   617   131   66   124   4   2   99   112   786   369
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items
—Income   (68   )   (22   )   (1   )   (229   )   (260   )   (297   )   (283   )
—Expense   41   214   1   223   250   264   465
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, net   (27   )   192   0   (6   )   (10   )   (33   )   182
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Other items
Divestment gains   (608   )   (626   )   (6   )   (48   )   (54   )   (662   )   (680   )
Restructuring items
—Income   (41   )   (30   )   (23   )   (4   )   (4   )   (5   )   (5   )   (73   )   (39   )
—Expense   418   422   123   121   33   29   65   57   639   629
Legal-related items
—Income   (99   )   (99   )
—Expense   205   578   40   4   (30   )   205   592
Additional income   (61   )   (119   )   (2   )   (13   )   (5   )   (22   )   (68   )   (96   )   (194   )
Additional expense   84   132   6   15   61   33   100   65   251   245
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total other items   (102   )   357   100   174   77   57   90   (35   )   165   553
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total adjustments   2,928   3,047   626   745   982   954   183   67   4,719   4,813
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core operating income from continuing operations   10,354   10,862   2,071   2,045   850   1,235   (288   )   (352   )   12,987   13,790
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
as % of net sales   31.8   %   32.6   %   20.4   %   20.3   %   14.6   %   20.6   %   26.8   %   27.9   %
Income from associated companies   6   2   697   264   703   266
Core adjustments to income from associated companies, net of tax   431   715   431   715
Interest expense   (707   )   (655   )
Other financial income and expense (3)   (99   )   (24   )
Taxes, adjusted for above items (core taxes)   (2,001   )   (2,051   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income from continuing operations   11,314   12,041
Core net loss from discontinued operations (4)   (256   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income   11,314   11,785
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG   11,307   11,774
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Core basic EPS from continuing operations ($) (5)   4.75   5.01
Core basic EPS from discontinued operations ($) (5)   (0.11   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total Core basic EPS ($) (5)   4.75   4.90
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Formerly
named the Pharmaceuticals Division.

(2)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016.

(3)
Adjusted
for charges of $0.3 billion related mainly to Venezuela subsidiaries (2015: $0.4 billion).

(4)
For
details on 2015 discontinued operations reconciliation from IFRS to core net income, please refer to "—2015 Reconciliation of IFRS
Results to Core Results—Group Discontinued Operations".

(5)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

162

Table of Contents

2017, 2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE  RESULTS—GROUP

2017   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (3)   Other items (4)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   32,960   3,401   92   125   36,578
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   8,629   3,598   1,092   45   (514   )   12,850
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes   8,999   3,974   1,093   45   (664   )   13,447
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Taxes (5)   (1,296   )   (2,056   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   7,703   11,391
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic EPS ($) (6)   3.28   4.86
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (17,175   )   3,401   92   125   (13,557   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Marketing & Sales   (12,861   )   (4   )   (12,865   )
Research & Development   (8,972   )   197   680   (218   )   (8,313   )
General & Administration   (2,136   )   1   (2,135   )
Other income   1,969   (9   )   (117   )   (1,065   )   778
Other expense   (2,331   )   329   162   647   (1,193   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Income before taxes
Income from associated companies   1,108   376   1   (150   )   1,335
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms; Income from associated companies includes
$376 million for the Novartis share of the estimated Roche core items.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; Research &
Development and Other expense include impairment charges related to financial assets; Research & Development, Other income and Other expense include reversals and charges related to the
impairment of property, plant and equipment.

(3)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
transitional service-fee income and expenses and other items related to the portfolio transformation.

(4)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold, Other Income and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites; Cost of goods sold, Research & Development, General & Administration, Other income and Other expense include other restructuring income and charges and related
items; Marketing & Sales includes an income from the release of a provision; Research & Development includes fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities; Other income
and Other expense include legal-related items; Other income also includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment, product and financial asset divestment gains, a partial reversal of a prior period
charge, an income from a settlement of a contract dispute and a fair value adjustment to contingent consideration sales milestone receivables; Other expense also includes a provision for contract
termination costs, a charge for onerous contracts and an amendment to the Swiss Pension Plan; Income from associated companies includes an adjustment of $150 million for the Novartis share of
the estimated GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. core items.

(5)
Taxes
on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will
finally be applicable to the item based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. Generally, this results in amortization and impairment of intangible assets and
acquisition-related restructuring and integration items having a full tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items, although this is not always the case for

163

Table of Contents

items
arising from legal settlements in certain jurisdictions. Adjustments related to income from associated companies are recorded net of any related tax effect. Due to these factors and the
differing effective tax rates in the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments of $4.4 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to $760 million. The average
tax rate on the adjustments is 17.1%.

(6)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

2016   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (3)   Other items (4)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   31,916   3,758   96   36   35,806
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   8,268   3,801   786   (33   )   165   12,987
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes   7,817   4,097   786   (33   )   648   13,315
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Taxes (5)   (1,119   )   (2,001   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   6,698   11,314
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic EPS ($) (6)   2.82   4.75
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Other revenues   918   (50   )   868
Cost of goods sold   (17,520   )   3,758   96   86   (13,580   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Marketing & Sales   (11,998   )   7   (11,991   )
Research & Development   (9,039   )   43   495   99   (8,402   )
General & Administration   (2,194   )   74   (2,120   )
Other income   1,927   (10   )   (297   )   (867   )   753
Other expense   (2,344   )   205   264   816   (1,059   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Income before taxes
Income from associated companies   703   296   135   1,134
Other financial income and expense   (447   )   348   (99   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms; Income from associated companies includes
$296 million for the Novartis share of the estimated Roche core items.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; Other income includes
impairment reversals of property, plant and equipment; Other expense includes impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment, and financial assets.

(3)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
transitional service-fee income and expenses and other items related to the portfolio transformation; Other income also includes a gain from the revaluation of a previously held financial investment
in a newly acquired company.

(4)
Other
items: Other revenues include an early release of deferred income associated with a collaboration agreement; Cost of goods sold, Other income
and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Research & Development, Marketing & Sales, Other income
and Other expense include other restructuring income and charges; Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include adjustments of contingent considerations; General &
Administration, Other income and Other expense include items related to setup costs for Novartis Business Services; Other income and Other expense also include legal settlements and changes in
provisions; Other income also includes gains from product divestments, other income related to the portfolio transformation and a gain related to the sale of real estate; Other expense also includes a
charge as a result of a pension plan amendment, a charge for an indirect tax

164

Table of Contents

settlement
and other costs; Income from associated companies includes $135 million for the Novartis share of the estimated GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd. core items; Other
financial income and expense relates mainly to devaluation losses in Venezuela.

(5)
Taxes
on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will
finally be applicable to the item based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. Generally, this results in amortization and impairment of intangible assets and
acquisition-related restructuring and integration items having a full tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items, although this is not always the case for items arising from legal
settlements in certain jurisdictions. Adjustments related to income from associated companies are recorded net of any related tax effect. Due to these factors and the differing effective tax rates in
the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments for continuing operations of $5.5 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to $882 million. The average tax
rate on the adjustments is 16.0%.

(6)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

2015   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (3)   Other items (4)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit from continuing operations   32,983   3,666   126   125   36,900
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income from continuing operations   8,977   3,709   369   182   553   13,790
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income before taxes from continuing operations   8,134   4,132   369   182   1,275   14,092
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Taxes from continuing operations (5)   (1,106   )   (2,051   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income from continuing operations   7,028   12,041
Net income/loss from discontinued operations (6)   10,766   (256   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income   17,794   11,785
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Basic EPS from continuing operations ($) (7)   2.92   5.01
Basic EPS from discontinued operations ($) (7)   4.48   (0.11   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total basic EPS ($) (7)   7.40   4.90
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit from continuing operations
Other revenues   947   (28   )   919
Cost of goods sold   (17,404   )   3,666   126   153   (13,459   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income from continuing operations
Marketing & Sales   (11,772   )   43   (11,729   )
Research & Development   (8,935   )   43   40   114   (8,738   )
General & Administration   (2,475   )   86   (2,389   )
Other income   2,049   (56   )   (283   )   (887   )   823
Other expense   (2,873   )   259   465   1,072   (1,077   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Income before taxes from continuing operations
Income from associated companies   266   423   292   981
Other financial income and expense   (454   )   430   (24   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms; Income from associated companies includes
$423 million for the Novartis share of the estimated Roche core items.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold, Research & Development and Other expense consist principally of net impairment charges or reversals related to
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and financial assets; Other income includes a reversal of an impairment related to property, plant and equipment.

165

Table of Contents

(3)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
items related to the portfolio transformation.

(4)
Other
items: Other revenues and Other income include additional gains from product divestments; Cost of goods sold and Other expense include charges
for the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Cost of goods sold also includes an inventory write-off; Marketing & Sales, Research & Development and Other expense include
other restructuring charges; Research & Development also includes expenses related to product acquisitions; General & Administration includes charges for transforming IT and finance
processes and expenses related to setup costs for Novartis Business Services; Other income also includes a gain of $110 million from a Swiss pension plan amendment and items related to
portfolio transformation; Other expense also includes legal settlement provisions; Income from associated companies includes $292 million for the Novartis share of the estimated OTC joint
venture core items; Other financial income and expense relates mainly to devaluation losses in Venezuela.

(5)
Taxes
on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will
finally be applicable to the item based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. Generally, this results in amortization and impairment of intangible assets and
acquisition-related restructuring and integration items having a full tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items, although this is not always the case for items arising from legal
settlements in certain jurisdictions. Adjustments related to income from associated companies are recorded net of any related tax effect. Due to these factors and the differing effective tax rates in
the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments for continuing operations of $6.0 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to $945 million. The average tax
rate on the adjustments for continuing operations is 15.9%.

(6)
For
details on discontinued operations reconciliation from IFRS to core net income, please refer to "—2015 Reconciliation of IFRS Results
to Core Results—Group Discontinued Operations".

(7)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

166

Table of Contents

2017, 2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE RESULTS—INNOVATIVE  MEDICINES

2017   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (3)   Other items (4)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   25,584   2,056   31   56   27,727
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   7,782   2,243   675   30   (400   )   10,330
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (9,007   )   2,056   31   56   (6,864   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Marketing & Sales   (9,089   )   (4   )   (9,093   )
Research & Development   (7,630   )   187   594   (200   )   (7,049   )
General & Administration   (986   )   1   (985   )
Other income   1,027   (9   )   (2   )   (665   )   351
Other expense   (1,124   )   59   32   412   (621   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; Research &
Development, Other income and Other expense include reversals and charges related to the impairment of property, plant and equipment.

(3)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income includes transitional
service-fee income; Other expense includes items related to the portfolio transformation and costs related to an acquisition.

(4)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold, Other Income and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites; Costs of goods sold, Research & Development, General & Administration, Other income and Other expense include other restructuring income and charges and related
items; Marketing & Sales includes an income from the release of a provision; Research & Development includes fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities; Other income
and Other expense include legal-related items; Other income also includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment, an income from a settlement of a contract dispute, as well as product and
financial asset divestment gains; Other expense also includes a provision for contract termination costs, an amendment to the Swiss Pension Plan, a charge for onerous contracts and other charges.

167

Table of Contents

2016   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (3)   Other items (4)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   24,670   2,409   41   (11   )   27,109
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   7,426   2,440   617   (27   )   (102   )   10,354
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Other revenues   815   (50   )   765
Cost of goods sold   (9,331   )   2,409   41   39   (6,842   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Marketing & Sales   (8,435   )   7   (8,428   )
Research & Development   (7,709   )   31   481   85   (7,112   )
Other income   1,091   (68   )   (759   )   264
Other expense   (1,213   )   95   41   576   (501   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; Other expense includes
impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment, and financial assets.

(3)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
transitional service-fee income and expenses and other items related to the portfolio transformation; Other income also includes a gain from the revaluation of a previously held financial investment
in a newly acquired company.

(4)
Other
items: Other revenues include an early release of deferred income associated with a collaboration agreement; Cost of goods sold, Other income
and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Research & Development, Marketing & Sales, Other income
and Other expense include other restructuring income and charges; Research & Development also includes an expense due to an adjustment of a contingent consideration; Other income and Other
expense also include legal settlements and changes in provisions; Other income also includes gains from product divestments; Other expense also includes a charge as a result of a pension plan
amendment.

168

Table of Contents

2015   IFRS restated results (1)   Amortization of intangible assets (2)   Impairments (3)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (4)   Other items (5)   Core restated results (1)
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   25,451   2,335   99   90   27,975
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   7,815   2,367   131   192   357   10,862
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Other revenues   792   (28   )   764
Cost of goods sold   (9,204   )   2,335   99   118   (6,652   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Marketing & Sales   (8,430   )   43   (8,387   )
Research & Development   (7,685   )   32   39   112   (7,502   )
Other income   1,149   (56   )   (22   )   (747   )   324
Other expense   (1,639   )   49   214   859   (517   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016.

(2)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(3)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold includes impairment charges, as well as reversals of impairment charges related to intangible assets;
Research & Development includes impairment charges for in process projects and termination of collaboration and license agreements; Other income includes a reversal of intangible asset
impairments; Other expense includes impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment and financial assets.

(4)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
income and costs related to the portfolio transformation.

(5)
Other
items: Other revenues and Other income include additional gains from product divestments; Cost of goods sold and Other expense include net
restructuring charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Cost of goods sold also includes an inventory write-off; Marketing & Sales, Research & Development
and Other expense include other restructuring charges; Research & Development also includes expenses related to product acquisitions; Other income also includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan
amendment; Other expense also includes legal settlement provisions.

169

Table of Contents

2017, 2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS TO CORE  RESULTS—SANDOZ

2017   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   4,415   454   61   69   4,999
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   1,368   454   134   124   2,080
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (5,800   )   454   61   69   (5,216   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Other income   204   (10   )   194
Other expense   (351   )   73   65   (213   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold includes impairment charges related to intangible assets; Other expense includes impairment charges related to
property, plant and equipment.

(3)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold, Other income and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites and other restructuring income and charges and related items; Other income also includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment.

2016   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   4,314   460   55   60   4,889
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   1,445   460   66   100   2,071
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (5,971   )   460   55   60   (5,396   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Research & Development   (814   )   10   (804   )
Other income   185   (10   )   (29   )   146
Other expense   (259   )   11   69   (179   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets.

(2)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold and Research & Development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; Other income includes
impairment reversals of property, plant and equipment; Other expense includes impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment.

(3)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold, Other income and Other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites; Cost of goods sold, Other income and Other expense also include other restructuring income and charges; Other income also includes gains from product divestments; Other expense
also includes other costs.

170

Table of Contents

2015   IFRS restated results (1)   Amortization of intangible assets (2)   Impairments (3)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (4)   Other items (5)   Core restated results (1)
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   4,379   446   27   33   4,885
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   1,300   447   124   174   2,045
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (5,844   )   446   27   33   (5,338   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Research & Development   (782   )   1   (781   )
Other income   109   (1   )   (4   )   104
Other expense   (381   )   97   1   145   (138   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016.

(2)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets.

(3)
Impairments:
Cost of goods sold includes impairments of intangible assets; Other expense includes impairment charges related to property, plant and
equipment.

(4)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
items related to the portfolio transformation.

(5)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold includes marketable intangible assets not capitalized; Cost of goods sold and Other expense include net restructuring
charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Other income includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment; Other expense also includes a legal settlement.

2017, 2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION OF IFRS RESULTS TO CORE  RESULTS—ALCON

2017   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   2,799   891   3,690
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating loss/income   (190   )   901   86   60   857
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (3,231   )   891   (2,340   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Research & Development   (568   )   10   86   (18   )   (490   )
Other income   47   (17   )   30
Other expense   (124   )   95   (29   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(2)
Impairments:
Research & Development includes impairment charges related to intangible and financial assets.

(3)
Other
items: Research & Development includes fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities; Other income and Other expense
include restructuring income and charges and related items; Other income also includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment and the partial reversal of a prior period charge; Other expense also
includes legal-related items.

171

Table of Contents

2016   IFRS results   Amortization of intangible assets (1)   Impairments (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   2,724   889   (13   )   3,600
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating loss/income   (132   )   901   4   77   850
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (3,092   )   889   (13   )   (2,216   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Research & Development   (516   )   12   4   14   (486   )
Other income   48   (4   )   44
Other expense   (96   )   80   (16   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(2)
Impairments:
Research & Development includes impairment charges related to intangible assets.

(3)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold includes an income due to an adjustment of a contingent consideration; Research & Development, Other income and
Other expense include restructuring income and charges; Research & Development also includes an expense due to an adjustment of a contingent consideration; Other expense also includes a charge
for an indirect tax settlement.

2015   IFRS restated results (1)   Amortization of intangible assets (2)   Impairments (3)   Other items (4)   Core restated results (1)
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   2,877   885   2   3,764
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income   281   895   2   57   1,235
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (3,145   )   885   2   (2,258   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Research & Development   (468   )   10   1   2   (455   )
General & Administration   (450   )   32   (418   )
Other income   54   (9   )   45
Other expense   (69   )   1   30   (38   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Restated
to reflect the new divisional structures and product transfers between divisions, announced on January 27, 2016.

(2)
Amortization
of intangible assets: Cost of goods sold includes recurring amortization of acquired rights to in-market products and other
production-related intangible assets; Research & Development includes the recurring amortization of acquired rights for technology platforms.

(3)
Impairments:
Research & Development includes impairment charges related to intangible assets; Other expense includes impairment charges related
to property, plant and equipment.

(4)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold includes net restructuring charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites; Research &
Development includes non capitalized costs for the US; General & Administration includes charges for transforming IT and finance processes; Other income includes a gain from a Swiss pension
plan amendment and a partial reversal of restructuring charges; Other expense includes other restructuring charges and a legal settlement.

172

Table of Contents

2017, 2016 AND 2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE  RESULTS—CORPORATE

2017   IFRS results   Impairments (1)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   162   162
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating loss   (331   )   197   15   (298   )   (417   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Loss
Other income   691   (115   )   (373   )   203
Other expense   (732   )   197   130   75   (330   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Impairments:
Other expense includes impairment charges related to financial assets.

(2)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
transitional service-fee income and expenses and other items related to the portfolio transformation.

(3)
Other
items: Other income includes a fair value adjustment to contingent consideration sales milestone receivables, a Swiss pension plan amendment and
other items; Other income and Other expense include restructuring income and charges and related items; Other expense also includes an amendment to the Swiss Pension Plan.

2016   IFRS results   Impairments (1)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   208   208
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating loss   (471   )   99   (6   )   90   (288   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Loss
General & Administration   (506   )   74   (432   )
Other income   603   (229   )   (75   )   299
Other expense   (776   )   99   223   91   (363   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Impairments:
Other expense includes impairment charges related to financial assets.

(2)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
transitional service-fee income and expenses and other items related to the portfolio transformation.

(3)
Other
items: General & Administration, Other income and Other expense include items related to setup costs for Novartis Business Services;
Other income also includes an income related to the portfolio transformation and a gain related to the sale of real estate; Other expense also includes other restructuring charges and other costs.

173

Table of Contents

2015   IFRS results   Impairments (1)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   276   276
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating loss   (419   )   112   (10   )   (35   )   (352   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Loss
General & Administration   (648   )   54   (594   )
Other income   737   (260   )   (127   )   350
Other expense   (784   )   112   250   38   (384   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Impairments:
Other expense includes impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment and financial assets.

(2)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income and Other expense include
items related to the portfolio transformation.

(3)
Other
items: General & Administration and Other expense include expenses related to setup costs for Novartis Business Services; Other income
includes a gain from a Swiss pension plan amendment, a reversal of a provision and items related to portfolio transformation; Other expense also includes a credit for a legal settlement charged to the
divisions.

2015 RECONCILIATION FROM IFRS RESULTS TO CORE RESULTS—GROUP DISCONTINUED  OPERATIONS

2015   IFRS results   Impairments (1)   Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items (2)   Other items (3)   Core results
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Gross profit   267   6   273
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income/loss   12,477   (83   )   (12,627   )   8   (225   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Income/loss before taxes   12,479   (83   )   (12,627   )   8   (223   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Taxes (4)   (1,713   )   (33   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net income/loss   10,766   (256   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
EPS ($) (5)   4.48   (0.11   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Gross Profit
Cost of goods sold   (376   )   6   (370   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
The following are adjustments to arrive at Core Operating Income
Other income   13,420   (13,310   )   (1   )   109
Other expense   (727   )   (83   )   683   3   (124   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Impairments:
Other expense includes the partial reversal of the influenza Vaccines business impairment charge recorded in 2014.

(2)
Acquisition
or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: Other income includes gains from the
divestment of Animal Health ($4.6 billion) and from the transactions with GSK ($2.8 billion for the non-influenza Vaccines business and $5.9 billion resulting from the
contribution of the former Novartis OTC division into the GSK consumer healthcare joint venture in exchange for 36.5% interest in this newly created entity); Other expense includes additional
transaction related expenses of $0.6 billion and other portfolio transformation related costs.

174

Table of Contents

(3)
Other
items: Cost of goods sold, Other income and Other expense include restructuring charges.

(4)
Taxes
on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will
finally be applicable to the item based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items although this is not always the case for
items arising from legal settlements in certain jurisdictions. Due to these factors and the differing effective tax rates in the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments of
$12.7 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to $1.7 billion. The average tax rate on the adjustments is 13.2%.

(5)
Earnings
per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

5.B Liquidity and Capital Resources

        The following tables summarize the Group's cash flow and net debt.

2017   2016   2015
$ m   $ m   $ m
Cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations   12,621   11,475   12,085
Cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations   (2,979   )   (2,693   )   (19,666   )
Cash flows used in/from operating and investing activities from discontinued operations   (140   )   (748   )   8,694
Cash flows used in financing activities   (7,733   )   (5,314   )   (9,176   )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   84   (387   )   (286   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net change in cash and cash equivalents   1,853   2,333   (8,349   )
Change in marketable securities, commodities, time deposits and derivative financial instruments   (145   )   (3   )   (66   )
Change in current and non-current financial debts and derivative financial instruments   (4,730   )   (1,871   )   (1,520   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Change in net debt   (3,022   )   459   (9,935   )
Net debt at January 1   (16,025   )   (16,484   )   (6,549   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net debt at December 31   (19,047   )   (16,025   )   (16,484   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

 CASH FLOW

 Financial year 2017

        Cash flows from operating activities amounted to $12.6 billion, compared to $11.5 billion in 2016. The increase of
$1.1 billion was mainly driven by favorable working capital changes, lower legal settlement payments out of provisions and lower taxes paid, partly offset by the decrease in net income adjusted
for noncash items.

        Cash
flows used in investing activities from continuing operations amounted to $3.0 billion in 2017. This amount included cash outflows for the purchase of property, plant and
equipment of $1.7 billion, for intangible assets of $1.1 billion, for financial assets and other non-current assets of $0.5 billion and for acquisitions and divestments of
businesses, net (mainly the Ziarco Group Limited and Encore Vision, Inc. acquisitions) of $0.8 billion. This was partly offset by cash inflows from the sale of property, plant and
equipment, intangible assets and financial assets of $1.1 billion.

        Cash
flows used in investing activities from discontinued operations, which consists of payments out of provisions related to the portfolio transformation transactions, amounted to
$0.1 billion, compared to $0.7 billion in 2016, which also included capital gains taxes.

175

Table of Contents

        The cash flows used in financing activities amounted to $7.7 billion, compared to $5.3 billion in 2016. The 2017 amount included cash outflows for
the dividend payment of $6.5 billion and for net treasury share transactions of $5.2 billion. The net cash inflows from current and non-current financial debts of $4.0 billion
were mainly from the issuance of bonds denominated in US dollar and euro for a notional amount of $3.0 billion and EUR 1.85 billion ($2.0 billion), respectively, partially offset
by the repayment of current and non-current financial debt of $0.9 billion.

Financial year 2016

        Cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations amounted to $11.5 billion, compared to $12.1 billion in 2015. The
decrease of $0.6 billion was driven by lower
operating income adjusted for non-cash items, lower hedging results and higher payments out of provisions, partially offset by dividends received from GSK Consumer Healthcare Holdings Ltd.,
lower cash outflows for taxes paid and net current assets and other operating cash flow items.

        Cash
flows used in investing activities from continuing operations amounted to $2.7 billion in 2016. This amount includes cash outflows of $1.9 billion for the purchase of
property, plant and equipment, $1.4 billion for intangible, financial and other non-current assets, and $0.8 billion for acquisitions and divestments of businesses, net (including the
Transcend Medical, Inc. and Reprixys Pharmaceuticals Corporation acquisitions). This was offset by cash inflows of $1.3 billion of proceeds from the sale of non-current assets and
$0.1 billion net proceeds from sales of marketable securities and commodities. In 2015, cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations amounted to $19.7 billion,
primarily due to the acquisition of the GSK oncology assets for $16.0 billion.

        Cash
flows used in investing activities from discontinued operations amounted to $0.7 billion in 2016 due to portfolio transformation transactions payments, including capital
gains taxes. In 2015, the cash flows from investing activities from discontinued operations of $8.9 billion were mainly driven by net proceeds from the portfolio transformation divestments.

        The
cash flows used in financing activities amounted to $5.3 billion, compared to $9.2 billion in 2015. The 2016 amount includes cash outflows of $6.5 billion for
the dividend payment and $0.9 billion for treasury share transactions, net. The net inflow from current and non-current financial debts of $2.1 billion was due to the increase in
short-term borrowings of $1.8 billion and the issuance of two euro denominated bonds for total proceeds of $1.9 billion, partially offset by the repayment at maturity of a euro
denominated bond of $1.7 billion.

        The
2015 amount included mainly a cash outflow of $6.6 billion for the dividend payment and $4.5 billion for treasury share transactions, net, partially offset by a net
inflow from financial debts of $2.0 billion.

Financial year 2015

        Cash flow from operating activities of continuing operations decreased to $12.1 billion from $13.9 billion in 2014.

        The
decrease was primarily due to the negative currency impact on operations. The prior year also included higher proceeds from commercial settlements.

        The
cash outflow for investing activities of continuing operations amounted to $19.7 billion in 2015. This was primarily due to the outflow of $16.5 billion for
acquisitions of businesses, mainly the oncology business from GSK for $16.0 billion, the net outflow of $2.8 billion for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, intangible and
other non-current assets and the net outflow of $0.3 billion from the change in marketable securities.

        In
2014, cash flow from investing activities of continuing operations was a small net outflow of $8 million. This was primarily due to net outflows of $0.3 billion from the
acquisition of businesses,

176

Table of Contents

$3.0 billion
mainly from purchase of property, plant and equipment, offset by $1.4 billion of proceeds from the sale of investments in associated companies, particularly LTS Lohmann
Therapie-Systeme AG and Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and $1.9 billion proceeds from the net sale of other marketable securities, including maturing long-term deposits.

        The
cash flows used in financing activities amounted to $9.2 billion, compared to $8.1 billion in 2014. The 2015 amount includes a cash outflow of $6.6 billion for
the dividend payment and $4.5 billion for treasury share transactions, net. The net inflow from the increase in current and non-current financial debt of $2.0 billion was mainly due to
the issuance of three Swiss franc denominated bonds for a total amount of $1.5 billion in the first half of 2015, the issuance of two US dollar denominated bonds totaling $3.0 billion in
the fourth quarter 2015 and the increase in commercial paper outstanding of $0.4 billion, partially offset by the repayment at maturity of a US dollar denominated bond of $2.0 billion
and a Swiss franc denominated bond of $0.9 billion. In 2014, the cash outflows included $6.8 billion for the dividend payment and $4.5 billion for treasury share transactions,
net. These outflows were partially offset by increase in the current and non-current financial debt of $3.3 billion.

        The
net cash inflows from discontinued operations of $8.7 billion in 2015 were mainly driven by the net proceeds of $8.9 billion from the divestments in connection with the
portfolio transformation transactions. In 2014, the net cash inflow of $0.9 billion consisted mainly of proceeds from the divestment of the blood transfusion diagnostics unit to
Grifols S.A.

GROUP NET DEBT

        Net debt constitutes a non-IFRS financial measure, which means that it should not be interpreted as a measure determined under International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Net debt/liquidity is presented as additional information as it is a useful indicator of the Group's ability to meet financial commitments and to invest in new
strategic opportunities, including strengthening its balance sheet.

        Group
net debt consists of:

2017   2016   Change
$ m   $ m   $ m
Current financial debts and derivative financial instruments   (5,308   )   (5,905   )   597
Non-current financial debts   (23,224   )   (17,897   )   (5,327   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total financial debt   (28,532   )   (23,802   )   (4,730   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Less liquidity
Cash and cash equivalents   8,860   7,007   1,853
Marketable securities, commodities, time deposits and derivative financial instruments   625   770   (145   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total liquidity   9,485   7,777   1,708
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net debt at December 31   (19,047   )   (16,025   )   (3,022   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

 Financial year 2017

        Total financial debt increased by $4.7 billion to $28.5 billion at December 31, 2017, from $23.8 billion at
December 31, 2016. Non-current financial debt increased by $5.3 billion to $23.2 billion at December 31, 2017 from $17.9 billion at December 2016, mainly due to the
issuance of bonds in the first quarter that are denominated in US dollar and euro for a notional amount of $3.0 billion and EUR 1.85 billion ($2.0 billion), respectively.
Group net debt increased to $19.0 billion at the end of 2017 from $16.0 billion at the end of 2016, mainly due to increased borrowings.

177

Table of Contents

        Current
financial debt decreased by $0.6 billion to $5.3 billion at December 31, 2017, from $5.9 billion at December 31, 2016, mainly due to a
reduction in short-term borrowings. Overall current financial debt consists of the current portion of non-current financial debt of $0.4 billion and other short-term borrowings of
$4.9 billion, including derivatives and commercial paper.

        Novartis
has two US commercial paper programs under which it can issue up to $9.0 billion in the aggregate of unsecured commercial paper notes. Novartis also has a Japanese
commercial paper program under which it can issue up to JPY 150 billion (approximately $1.3 billion) of unsecured commercial paper notes. Commercial paper notes totaling
$2.3 billion under these three programs were outstanding as per December 31, 2017. Novartis further has a committed credit facility of $6.0 billion, entered into on
September 23, 2015. This credit facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is intended to be used as a backstop for the US commercial paper programs. It matures in September 2020 and was
undrawn as per December 31, 2017.

        The
long-term credit rating for the company continues to be double-A (Moody's Aa3; Standard & Poor's AA–; Fitch AA)

 Financial year 2016

        Total non-current and current financial debt, including derivatives, amounted to $23.8 billion at December 31, 2016, compared to
$21.9 billion at December 31, 2015.

        Non-current
financial debt increased by $1.6 billion to $17.9 billion at December 31, 2016, mainly due to the issuance of two euro denominated bonds for a total
amount of $2.0 billion.

        Current
financial debt increased by $0.3 billion to $5.9 billion at December 31, 2016, from $5.6 billion at December 31, 2015, mainly due to higher
short-term borrowings partially offset by a repayment at maturity of a euro denominated bond of $1.7 billion. Overall current financial debt consists of the current portion of non-current debt
of $0.2 billion and other short-term borrowings (including
derivatives and commercial paper) of $5.7 billion. Group net debt decreased to $16.0 billion at the end of 2016 from $16.5 billion at the end of 2015.

        Novartis
has two US commercial paper programs under which it can issue up to $9.0 billion in the aggregate of unsecured commercial paper notes. Novartis also has a Japanese
commercial paper program under which it can issue up to JPY 150 billion (approximately $1.3 billion) of unsecured commercial paper notes. Commercial paper notes totaling
$3.2 billion under these three programs were outstanding as per December 31, 2016. Novartis further has a committed credit facility of $6.0 billion, entered into on
September 23, 2015. This credit facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is intended to be used as a backstop for the US commercial paper programs. It matures in September 2020 and was
undrawn as per December 31, 2016.

        The
long-term credit rating for the company continues to be double-A (Moody's Aa3; Standard & Poor's AA–; Fitch AA).

178

Table of Contents

        The
maturity schedule of our net debt is as follows:

2017
Due within one month   Due later than one month but less than three months   Due later than three months but less than one year   Due later than one year but less than five years   Due after five years   Total
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Current assets
Marketable securities and time deposits   71   72   105   181   58   487
Commodities   106   106
Derivative financial instruments and accrued interest   7   19   6   32
Cash and cash equivalents   4,260   4,600   8,860
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current financial assets   4,338   4,691   111   181   164   9,485
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Non-current liabilities
Financial debt   (9,849   )   (13,375   )   (23,224   )
Financial debt—undiscounted   (9,893   )   (13,519   )   (23,412   )
Total non-current financial debt   (9,849   )   (13,375   )   (23,224   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Current liabilities
Financial debt   (4,576   )   (169   )   (456   )   (5,201   )
Financial debt—undiscounted   (4,576   )   (169   )   (456   )   (5,201   )
Derivative financial instruments   (31   )   (48   )   (28   )   (107   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current financial debt   (4,607   )   (217   )   (484   )   (5,308   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net debt   (269   )   4,474   (374   )   (9,668   )   (13,211   )   (19,047   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

2016
Due within one month   Due later than one month but less than three months   Due later than three months but less than one year   Due later than one year but less than five years   Due after five years   Total
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Current assets
Marketable securities and time deposits   32   126   110   124   53   445
Commodities   94   94
Derivative financial instruments and accrued interest   38   102   91   231
Cash and cash equivalents   5,907   1,100   7,007
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current financial assets   5,977   1,328   201   124   147   7,777
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Non-current liabilities
Financial debt   (5,141   )   (12,756   )   (17,897   )
Financial debt—undiscounted   (5,155   )   (12,901   )   (18,056   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total non-current financial debt   (5,141   )   (12,756   )   (17,897   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Current liabilities
Financial debt   (5,099   )   (250   )   (440   )   (5,789   )
Financial debt—undiscounted   (5,099   )   (250   )   (440   )   (5,789   )
Derivative financial instruments   (15   )   (72   )   (29   )   (116   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current financial debt   (5,114   )   (322   )   (469   )   (5,905   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Net debt   863   1,006   (268   )   (5,017   )   (12,609   )   (16,025   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

179

Table of Contents

        The following table provides a breakdown of liquidity and financial debt by currency as of December 31:

 LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL DEBT BY CURRENCY

Liquidity in % 2017 (1)   Liquidity in % 2016 (1)   Financial debt in % 2017 (2)   Financial debt in % 2016 (2)
US dollar ($)   77   77   63   66
Euro (EUR)   8   9   20   13
Swiss franc (CHF)   5   5   11   13
Japanese yen (JPY)   1   4   5
Other   9   9   2   3
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
100   100   100   100
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Liquidity
includes cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, commodities and time deposits.

(2)
Financial
debt includes non-current and current financial debt.

EFFECTS OF CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS

        We transact our business in many currencies other than the US dollar, our reporting currency.

        The
following provides an overview of net sales and operating expenses for our operations based on IFRS values for 2017, 2016 and 2015 for currencies most important to the Group:

2017   2016   2015
Currency   Net sales   Operating expenses   Net sales   Operating expenses   Net sales   Operating expenses
%   %   %   %   %   %
US dollar ($)   37   42   38   43   40   42
Euro (EUR)   26   22   26   23   24   23
Swiss franc (CHF)   2   15   2   15   2   13
Japanese yen (JPY)   6   4   7   5   6   4
Chinese yuan (CNY)   4   3   4   3   4   3
British pound (GBP)   2   2   3   2   3   3
Canadian dollar (CAD)   3   1   3   1   3   1
Brazilian real (BRL)   2   1   2   1   2   2
Australian dollar (AUD)   2   1   2   1   2   1
Russian ruble (RUB)   2   1   1   1   1   1
Other currencies   14   8   12   5   13   7

        Operating
expenses in the above table include Cost of goods sold, Marketing & Sales, Research & Development, General & Administration, Other income and Other
expense.

        We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in US dollars. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates between the US dollar and other currencies can have a significant effect
on both the Group's results of operations as well as on the reported value of our assets, liabilities and cash flows. This in turn may significantly affect reported earnings (both positively and
negatively) and the comparability of period-to-period results of operations.

        For
purposes of our consolidated balance sheets, we translate assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies into US dollars at the prevailing market exchange rates as of the
relevant balance sheet

180

Table of Contents

date.
For purposes of the Group's consolidated income and cash flow statements, revenue, expense and cash flow items in local currencies are translated into US dollars at average exchange rates
prevailing during the relevant period. As a result, even if the amounts or values of these items remain unchanged in the respective local currency, changes in exchange rates have an impact on the
amounts or values of these items in our consolidated financial statements.

        Because
our expenditures in Swiss francs are significantly higher than our revenues in Swiss francs, volatility in the value of the Swiss franc can have a significant impact on the
reported value of our earnings, assets and liabilities, and the timing and extent of such volatility can be difficult to predict. In addition, there is a risk that certain countries could take steps
that could significantly impact the value of their currencies.

        There
is also a risk that certain countries could devalue their currency. If this occurs, it could impact the effective prices we would be able to charge for our products and also have
an adverse impact on both our consolidated income statement and balance sheet. The Group is exposed to a potential adverse devaluation risk on its intercompany funding and total investment in certain
subsidiaries operating in countries with exchange controls.

        The
most significant country in this respect was Venezuela, where the Group incurred significant foreign exchange losses in 2015 and 2016.

        Subsidiaries
whose functional currencies have experienced a cumulative inflation rate of more than 100% over the past three years apply the rules of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in
Hyperinflationary Economies". Gains and losses incurred upon adjusting the carrying amounts of non-monetary assets and liabilities for inflation are recognized in the income statement. The
subsidiaries in Venezuela restate non-monetary items in the balance sheet in line with the requirements of IAS 29.

        The
Group's subsidiaries in Venezuela are experiencing a significant reduction in approvals for remittance of US dollars outside the country at the exchange rate available for imports of
specific goods and services of national priority, including medicines and medical supplies. Since November 2016, the Group has applied the floating rate of DICOM (Sistema de Divisa Complementaria) to
translate the financial statements of its Venezuelan subsidiaries. This change from the rate applicable for imports of specific goods and services of national priority to the floating rate of DICOM
resulted in a $0.3 billion revaluation loss on the outstanding intercompany balances in 2016. The net outstanding intercompany payable balance of Venezuela subsidiaries was not significant at
December 31, 2017 and at December 31, 2016, due to reserves against the intercompany balances.

        The
Group manages its global currency exposure by engaging in hedging transactions where management deems appropriate, after taking into account the natural hedging afforded by our
global business activity. For 2017, we entered into various contracts that change in value with movements in foreign exchange rates to preserve the value of assets, commitments and expected
transactions. We use forward contracts and foreign currency options to hedge. For more information on how these transactions affect our consolidated financial statements and on how foreign exchange
rate exposure is managed, see "Note 1. Significant accounting policies", "Note 5. Interest expense and other financial income and expense", "Note 14. Trade receivables" and
"Note 27. Commitments and contingencies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

181

Table of Contents

        The
following table sets forth the foreign exchange rates of the US dollar against key currencies used for foreign currency translation when preparing the Group's consolidated financial
statements:

Average for year
Year-end
Change in %   Change in %
$ per unit   2017   2016   2017   2016
AUD   0.766   0.744   3   0.779   0.722   8
BRL   0.313   0.288   9   0.302   0.307   (2   )
CAD   0.771   0.755   2   0.797   0.741   8
CHF   1.016   1.015   0   1.024   0.978   5
CNY   0.148   0.151   (2   )   0.154   0.144   7
EUR   1.129   1.107   2   1.195   1.051   14
GBP   1.288   1.355   (5   )   1.347   1.227   10
JPY (100)   0.892   0.922   (3   )   0.888   0.854   4
RUB (100)   1.715   1.498   14   1.734   1.648   5

Average for year
Year-end
Change in %   Change in %
$ per unit   2016   2015   2016   2015
AUD   0.744   0.753   (1   )   0.722   0.731   (1   )
BRL   0.288   0.305   (6   )   0.307   0.253   21
CAD   0.755   0.784   (4   )   0.741   0.721   3
CHF   1.015   1.040   (2   )   0.978   1.011   (3   )
CNY   0.151   0.159   (5   )   0.144   0.154   (6   )
EUR   1.107   1.110   0   1.051   1.093   (4   )
GBP   1.355   1.529   (11   )   1.227   1.483   (17   )
JPY (100)   0.922   0.826   12   0.854   0.831   3
RUB (100)   1.498   1.649   (9   )   1.648   1.362   21

        The
following table provides a summary of the currency impact on key Group figures due to their conversion into $, the Group's reporting currency, of the financial data from entities
reporting in non-US dollars. Constant currency (cc) calculations apply the exchange rates of the prior year to the current year financial data for entities reporting in non-US dollars.

CURRENCY IMPACT ON KEY FIGURES

Change in constant currencies % 2017   Change in $ % 2017   Percentage point currency impact 2017   Change in constant currencies % 2016   Change in $ % 2016   Percentage point currency impact 2016
Net sales   2   1   (1   )   0   (2   )   (2   )
Operating income   7   4   (3   )   (3   )   (8   )   (5   )
Net income   12   15   3   1   (5   )   (6   )
Core operating income   0   (1   )   (1   )   (2   )   (6   )   (4   )
Core net income   2   1   (1   )   (3   )   (6   )   (3   )

        For
additional information on the effects of currency fluctuations, see "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual
Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

182

Table of Contents

FREE CASH FLOW

        Novartis defines free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities and cash flow associated with the purchase or sale of property, plant and
equipment, intangible assets, other non-current assets and financial assets, excluding marketable securities. Cash flows in connection with the acquisition or divestment of subsidiaries, associated
companies and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are not taken into account to determine free cash flow. For further information about the free cash flow measure, which is a non-IFRS measure,
see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.A Operating Results—Non-IFRS Measures Defined by Novartis—Free Cash Flow" above. The
following is a summary of the free cash flow:

2017   2016   2015
$ m   $ m   $ m
Operating income from continuing operations   8,629   8,268   8,977
Reversal of non-cash items
Depreciation, amortization and impairments   6,332   6,175   5,575
Change in provisions and other non-current liabilities   160   956   1,642
Other   (360   )   (264   )   (96   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Operating income adjusted for non-cash items   14,761   15,135   16,098
Interest and other financial receipts   1,084   942   1,180
Interest and other financial payments   (980   )   (878   )   (669   )
Taxes paid   (1,611   )   (2,111   )   (2,454   )
Payments out of provisions and other net cash movements in non-current liabilities   (877   )   (1,536   )   (1,207   )
Change in inventory and trade receivables less trade payables   (393   )   (1,051   )   (617   )
Change in other net current assets and other operating cash flow items   637   974   (246   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations   12,621   11,475   12,085
Purchase of property, plant & equipment   (1,696   )   (1,862   )   (2,367   )
Proceeds from sales of property, plant & equipment   92   161   237
Purchase of intangible assets   (1,050   )   (1,017   )   (1,138   )
Proceeds from sales of intangible assets   640   847   621
Purchase of financial assets   (468   )   (247   )   (264   )
Proceeds from sales of financial assets   330   247   166
Purchase of other non-current assets   (42   )   (149   )   (82   )
Proceeds from sales of other non-current assets   1   1
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Free cash flow from continuing operations   10,428   9,455   9,259
Free cash flow from discontinued operations   (230   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Free cash flow   10,428   9,455   9,029
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

Financial year 2017

        Free cash flow amounted to $10.4 billion (+10% $) compared to $9.5 billion in 2016. The increase was mainly driven by favorable
working capital changes, lower legal settlement payments out of provisions and lower taxes paid, partly offset by the decrease in operating income adjusted for non-cash items and higher net
investments.

183

Table of Contents

Financial year 2016

        In 2016, free cash flow from continuing operations amounted to $9.5 billion (+2% $) compared to $9.3 billion in 2015. The increase
of $0.2 billion was mainly driven by lower net investments in property, plant and equipment.

        Free
cash flow for the total Group amounted to $9.5 billion in 2016 compared to $9.0 billion in 2015. The prior year included a negative free cash flow of approximately
$0.3 billion from discontinued operations.

Financial year 2015

        In 2015, free cash flow from continuing operations decreased by 15% to $9.3 billion compared to $10.9 billion in 2014. This
decrease was primarily due to the negative currency impact on operations. The prior year also included higher proceeds from Novartis Venture Fund divestments and commercial settlements. Total free
cash flow including the continuing and discontinued operations was $9.0 billion in 2015 compared to $10.8 billion in 2014.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

Dec 31, 2017   Dec 31, 2016   Change
$ m   $ m   $ m
Assets
Property, plant & equipment   16,464   15,641   823
Goodwill   31,750   30,980   770
Intangible assets other than goodwill   29,997   31,340   (1,343   )
Financial and other non-current assets   26,660   27,232   (572   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total non-current assets   104,871   105,193   (322   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Inventories   6,867   6,255   612
Trade receivables   8,600   8,202   398
Other current assets   3,256   2,697   559
Cash, marketable securities, commodities, time deposits and derivative financial instruments   9,485   7,777   1,708
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current assets   28,208   24,931   3,277
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total assets   133,079   130,124   2,955
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Equity and liabilities
Total equity   74,227   74,891   (664   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Financial debts   23,224   17,897   5,327
Other non-current liabilities   12,225   15,127   (2,902   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total non-current liabilities   35,449   33,024   2,425
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Trade payables   5,169   4,873   296
Financial debts and derivatives   5,308   5,905   (597   )
Other current liabilities   12,926   11,431   1,495
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total current liabilities   23,403   22,209   1,194
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total liabilities   58,852   55,233   3,619
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total equity and liabilities   133,079   130,124   2,955
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

184

Table of Contents

        Total
non-current assets of $104.9 billion at December 31, 2017, decreased by $0.3 billion compared to December 31, 2016.

        Property,
plant and equipment increased by $0.8 billion to $16.5 billion, mainly due to the favorable currency translation adjustments, as net additions were offset by
depreciation.

        Goodwill
increased by $0.8 billion to $31.8 billion, mainly due to $0.7 billion favorable currency translation adjustments.

        Intangible
assets other than goodwill decreased by $1.3 billion to $30.0 billion, as net additions of $2.4 billion and favorable currency translation adjustments of
$0.7 billion were more than offset by amortization and impairment charges totaling $4.4 billion.

        Financial
and other non-current assets decreased by $0.6 billion to $26.7 billion, as a decrease in the deferred tax assets of $1.8 billion was partly offset by an
increase of $1.1 billion in the investments in associated companies, mainly due to favorable currency translation adjustments.

        Total
current assets increased by $3.3 billion to $28.2 billion at December 31, 2017, due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities,
commodities and derivatives of $1.7 billion. Inventories and other current assets increased by $0.6 billion each, and trade receivables by $0.4 billion.

        Based
on our current incurred loss provisioning approach, we consider that our provisions for doubtful trade receivables are adequate. We continue to monitor the level of trade
receivables particularly in Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Brazil, Russia, Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Should there be a substantial
deterioration in our economic exposure with respect to those countries, we may change the terms of trade on which we operate.

        The
majority of the outstanding trade receivables from these closely monitored countries are due directly from local governments or from government-funded entities, except for Russia,
Brazil and Turkey, which are due from private entities. The gross trade receivables from these countries at December 31, 2017 amount to $1.7 billion (2016: $1.7 billion), of which
$124 million are past due for more than one year (2016: $82 million), and for which provisions of $95 million have been recorded (2016: $63 million). At December 31,
2017, amounts past due for more than one year are not significant in any of these countries.

        The
following table provides an overview of the aging analysis of total trade receivables and the total amount of the provision for doubtful trade receivables as of December 31,
2017 and 2016:

2017   2016
$ m   $ m
Not overdue   7,758   7,386
Past due for not more than one month   279   262
Past due for more than one month but less than three months   230   223
Past due for more than three months but less than six months   137   185
Past due for more than six months but less than one year   137   145
Past due for more than one year   249   163
Provisions for doubtful trade receivables   (190   )   (162   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total trade receivables, net   8,600   8,202
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

        There
is also a risk that certain countries could devalue their currency. Currency exposures are described in more detail, "—Effects of Currency Fluctuations" above.

        Trade
payables increased by $0.3 billion to $5.2 billion, and other current liabilities increased by $1.5 billion to $12.9 billion.

185

Table of Contents

        Current income tax liabilities increased by $0.1 billion to $1.7 billion. While there is some uncertainty about the final taxes to be assessed in
our major countries, we believe that our estimated amounts for current income tax liabilities, including amounts related to uncertain tax positions, are appropriate based on currently known facts and
circumstances.

        In
our key countries, Switzerland and the United States, assessments have been agreed by the tax authorities up to 2014 in Switzerland and up to 2012 in the United States, with the
exception of one open United States position related to the 2007 tax filing and one for the 2010 tax filing.

        Other
non-current liabilities which include deferred tax liabilities, provisions and other non-current liabilities decreased by $2.9 billion to $12.2 billion at
December 31, 2017, mainly due to a reduction of the pension obligations of $1.3 billion resulting from actuarial gains and a change in the accounting for a component of the Swiss pension
plan from defined benefit to defined contribution plan.

        Novartis
believes that its total provisions are adequate based upon currently available information. However, given the inherent difficulties in estimating liabilities in this area,
Novartis may incur additional costs beyond the amounts provided. Management believes that such additional amounts, if any, would not be material to the Group's financial condition but could be
material to the results of operations or cash flows in a given period.

        The
Group's equity decreased by $0.7 billion to $74.2 billion at December 31, 2017, compared to $74.9 billion at December 31, 2016. The decrease was
mainly on account of $6.5 billion for the dividend payment and net treasury share purchases of $5.3 billion. These amounts resulting from transactions with shareholders were partially
offset by net income of $7.7 billion, favorable currency translation differences of $2.2 billion, net actuarial gains from defined benefit plans of $0.9 billion, and equity-based
compensation of $0.6 billion.

        The
Group's liquidity amounted to $9.5 billion at December 31, 2017, compared to $7.8 billion at December 31, 2016, and net debt increased to
$19.0 billion at December 31, 2017, compared to $16.0 billion at December 31, 2016. The debt/equity ratio increased to 0.38:1 at December 31, 2017, compared to
0.32:1 at December 31, 2016.

186

Table of Contents

SUMMARY OF EQUITY MOVEMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NOVARTIS AG SHAREHOLDERS

Number of outstanding shares (in millions)   Issued share capital and reserves attributable to Novartis AG shareholders
2017   2016   Change   2017   2016   Change
$ m   $ m   $ m
Balance at beginning of year   2,374.1   2,373.9   0.2   74,832   77,046   (2,214   )
Shares acquired to be canceled   (66.2   )   (10.3   )   (55.9   )   (5,270   )   (784   )   (4,486   )
Other share purchases   (3.8   )   (2.6   )   (1.2   )   (304   )   (208   )   (96   )
Exercise of options and employee transactions   4.6   4.1   0.5   255   214   41
Equity-based compensation   8.8   9.0   (0.2   )   612   664   (52   )
Dividends   (6,495   )   (6,475   )   (20   )
Net income of the year attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG   7,703   6,712   991
Impact of change in ownership of consolidated entities   (7   )   7
Other comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG   2,835   (2,330   )   5,165
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Balance at end of year   2,317.5   2,374.1   (56.6   )   74,168   74,832   (664   )
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

        During
2017, 13.4 million treasury shares for $0.9 billion were delivered as a result of options being exercised and physical share deliveries related to equity-based
participation plans (2016: 13.1 million shares for $0.9 billion). Novartis repurchased in total 66.2 million shares for $5.3 billion on the SIX Swiss Exchange second
trading line under the CHF 10 billion share buyback authority approved at the 2016 Annual General Meeting (AGM) (2016: 10.3 million shares for $0.8 billion). This included
56.4 million shares bought for $4.5 billion under the up-to $5.0 billion share buyback announced in January 2017, and 9.8 million shares bought for $0.8 billion to
offset the dilutive impact from equity-based participation plans (2016: 10.3 million shares for $0.8 billion). In addition, 3.8 million shares for
$0.3 billion were acquired from employees, which were previously granted to them under the respective programs (2016: 2.6 million for $0.2 billion). No shares were repurchased on
the SIX Swiss Exchange first trading line in 2017 and 2016. With these transactions, the total number of shares outstanding decreased by 56.6 million shares in 2017 (2016: increase of
0.2 million shares).

Treasury shares

        At December 31, 2017, our holding of treasury shares amounted to 299.4 million shares or approximately 10% of the total number of
issued shares. Approximately 131 million treasury shares are held in entities that limit their availability for use.

        At
December 31, 2016, our holding of treasury shares amounted to 253.1 million shares or approximately 10% of the total number of issued shares. Approximately
135 million treasury shares are held in entities that limit their availability for use.

        At
December 31, 2015, our holding of treasury shares amounted to 303.1 million shares or approximately 11% of the total number of issued shares. Approximately
137 million treasury shares are held in entities that limit their availability for use.

187

Table of Contents

Bonds

        In February 2017, three US dollar bonds totaling $3.0 billion were issued; a 3-year bond of $1.0 billion with a coupon of 1.80%, a
5-year bond of $1.0 billion with a coupon of 2.40% and a 10-year bond of $1.0 billion with a coupon of 3.10%.

        In
March 2017, two EUR bonds totaling EUR 1.85 billion were issued; a 4-year bond of EUR 1.25 billion with a coupon of 0% and a 10-year bond of EUR
0.6 billion with a coupon of 1.125%.

        In
September 2016, two EUR bonds totaling EUR 1.75 billion were issued; a 7-year bond of EUR 1.25 billion with a coupon of 0.125% and a 12-year bond of EUR
0.5 billion with a coupon of 0.625%.

        In
June 2016, a EUR bond of EUR 1.5 billion with a coupon of 4.25% was repaid at maturity.

        In
February 2015, three Swiss franc bonds totaling CHF 1.375 billion were issued; a 10-year bond of CHF 0.5 billion with a coupon of 0.25%, a 14-year bond of
CHF 0.55 billion with a coupon of 0.625% and a 20-year bond of CHF 0.325 billion with a coupon of 1.050%.

        In
November 2015, two US Dollar bonds totaling $3.0 billion were issued: a 10-year bond of $1.75 billion with a coupon of 3.0% and a 30-year bond of $1.25 billion
with a coupon of 4.0%.

        In
April 2015, a 2.9% US Dollar bond of $2.0 billion was repaid at maturity. In June 2015, a 3.625% CHF bond of 0.8 billion was repaid at maturity.

Liquidity/Short-term Funding

        We continuously track our liquidity position and asset/liability profile. This involves modeling cash flow maturity profiles based on both
historical experiences and contractual expectations to project our liquidity requirements. We seek to preserve prudent liquidity and funding capabilities.

        We
are not aware of any significant demands to change the level of liquidity needed to support our normal business activities. We make use of various borrowing facilities provided by
several financial institutions. We also successfully issued various bonds in previous years (including 2016 and 2017), and raised funds through our commercial paper programs. In addition, reverse
repurchasing agreements are contracted and Novartis has entered into credit support agreements with various banks for derivative transactions.

        The
maturity schedule of our net debt can be found in "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017"
furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

5.C Research & Development, Patents and Licenses

        Our R&D spending for continuing operations totaled $9.0 billion, $9.0 billion and $8.9 billion ($8.1 billion,
$8.5 billion and $8.9 billion excluding impairments and amortization charges) for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Each of our divisions has its own R&D and patents policies.
Our divisions have numerous products in various stages of development. For further information on these policies and these products in development, see "Item 4. Information on the
Company—4.B Business Overview."

        As
described in the "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this Form 20-F, our drug development efforts are subject to the risks and uncertainties inherent in any new drug
development program. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in progressing through pre-clinical development and clinical trials, and the time and cost involved in obtaining regulatory approvals,
among other factors, we cannot reasonably estimate the timing, completion dates, and costs, or range of costs, of our drug development program, or of the development of any particular development
compound, see "Item 3. Key Information—3.D Risk

188

Table of Contents

Factors."
In addition, for a description of the research and development process for the development of new drugs and our other products, and the regulatory process for their approval, see
"Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business Overview."

5.D Trend Information

        Please see "—Item 5.A Operating Results—Factors Affecting Results of Operations" and
"Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business Overview" for trend information.

5.E Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

        We have no unconsolidated special purpose financing or partnership entities or other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources,
that is material to investors, see also "Note 27. Commitments and contingencies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24,
2018, and matters described in "—Item 5.F Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations".

5.F Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

        The following table summarizes the Group's contractual obligations and other commercial commitments, as well as the effect these obligations and
commitments are expected to have on the Group's liquidity and cash flow in future periods:

Payments due by period
Total   Less than 1 year   2–3 years   4–5 years   After 5 years
$ m   $ m   $ m   $ m   $ m
Non-current financial debt, including current portion   23,583   359   5,170   4,679   13,375
Interest on non-current financial debt, including current portion   6,244   620   977   788   3,859
Operating leases   3,169   309   384   255   2,221
Unfunded pensions and other post-employment benefit plans   2,179   121   249   257   1,552
Research & Development potential milestone commitments   4,306   780   1,535   1,154   837
Property, plant & equipment purchase commitments   318   247   71
Acquisition of business and intangible asset commitments (1)   4,000   4,000
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total contractual cash obligations   43,799   6,436   8,386   7,133   21,844
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
For
acquisition of business commitments, please refer to "Note 2. Significant transactions" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017"
furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

        The
Group intends to fund the Research & Development, Property, plant & equipment and intangible asset purchase commitments with internally generated resources. The Group
intends to fund the acquisition of business ($3.9 billion) mainly through external short- and long-term debt.

        For
other contingencies, see "Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.D Property, Plants and Equipment—Environmental Matters", "Item 8.
Financial Information—Item 8.A Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information" and "Note 19. Provisions and other non-current liabilities" and "Note 27.
Commitments and contingencies" in the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

189

Table of Contents

  Item 6.    Directors, Senior Management and Employees

6.A Directors and Senior Management

        The information set forth under "Corporate governance—Our Board Of Directors—Board of Directors" on pages 102 to
105, and "Corporate Governance—Our management—Executive Committee" on pages 108 to 110, in each case of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the
SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

6.B Compensation

        The information set forth under "Compensation Report" on pages 118 to 152 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to
the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

6.C Board Practices

        The information set forth under "Corporate governance" on pages 82 to 101, on pages 106 to 107, and on pages 111 to 115, in
each case of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

6.D Employees

        The table below sets forth the breakdown of the total year-end number of our full-time equivalent employees by main category of activity and
geographic area for the past three years.

For the year ended December 31, 2017 (full-time equivalents)   Marketing & Sales   Production & Supply   Research & Development   NBS (1)   General & Administration   Total
USA   6,563   7,095   6,803   1,680   726   22,867
Canada and Latin America   4,477   1,305   557   900   471   7,710
Europe   18,665   20,412   10,173   4,903   2,469   56,622
Asia/Africa/Australasia   19,005   6,970   3,883   3,386   1,154   34,398
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   48,710   35,782   21,416   10,869   4,820   121,597
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

For the year ended December 31, 2016 (full-time equivalents)   Marketing & Sales   Production & Supply   Research & Development   NBS (1)   General & Administration   Total
USA   6,615   6,836   7,363   1,517   706   23,037
Canada and Latin America   4,430   1,404   516   841   491   7,682
Europe   18,034   19,807   10,208   4,683   2,473   55,205
Asia/Africa/Australasia   17,825   7,029   3,504   3,007   1,104   32,469
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   46,904   35,076   21,591   10,048   4,774   118,393
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

190

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2015 (full-time equivalents)   Marketing & Sales   Production & Supply   Research & Development   NBS (1)   General & Administration   Total
USA   6,027   6,735   7,684   1,583   653   22,682
Canada and Latin America   4,756   1,470   469   810   503   8,008
Europe   18,278   19,767   10,014   4,568   2,815   55,442
Asia/Africa/Australasia   18,611   6,819   3,413   2,515   1,210   32,568
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   47,672   34,791   21,580   9,476   5,181   118,700
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
NBS
relates to full-time equivalent employees from our Novartis Business Services organizational unit.

        A
significant number of our associates are represented by unions or works councils. We have not experienced any material work stoppages in recent years, and we consider our employee
relations to be good.

6.E Share Ownership

        The aggregate amount of our shares owned by our Directors and the members of our Executive Committee in 2017 (including persons closely linked
to them) as of December 31, 2017 was 1,592,335 shares. This excludes certain unvested equity rights (such as Restricted Share Units, Performance Share Units and similar instruments) but
includes unvested Restricted Shares because our unvested Restricted Shares can be voted. With respect to any Directors and members of our Executive Committee who stepped down during 2017 this
information is reported as of the date they stepped down.

        For
more information on the Novartis shares, share options and other equity based instruments owned by individual members of our Executive Committee and by our current Directors, see the
information set forth under "Compensation Report—2017 Executive Committee Compensation—Additional disclosures—Shares, ADRs and other equity rights owned by
Executive Committee members at December 31, 2017" on page 141, and under "Compensation Report—2017 Board Compensation—Additional disclosures—Shares,
ADRs and share options owned by Board members" on page 150, in each case of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018,
which is incorporated by reference. For more information on our equity based participation plans, see the information set forth under "Note 25. Equity-based participation plans for associates"
on pages 237 to 239 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, which is incorporated by reference.

  Item 7.    Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

7.A Major Shareholders

        Novartis shares are widely held. As of December 31, 2017, Novartis had approximately 167,000 shareholders listed in the Novartis AG share
register, representing approximately 69.9% of issued shares. Based on the Novartis AG share register and excluding treasury shares, approximately 42.6% of the shares registered by name were held in
Switzerland and approximately 25.8% were held in the US. Approximately 13.4% of the shares registered in our share register were held by individual investors, while approximately 86.6% were held by
legal entities (excluding 6.4% of our share capital held as treasury shares by Novartis AG and its subsidiaries), nominees, fiduciaries and the ADS depositary.

        Based
on our share register, we believe that we are not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another corporation or government, or by any other natural or legal persons. There
are no arrangements that may result in a change of control.

191

Table of Contents

2017

        According to our share register, as of December 31, 2017, excluding 6.4% of our share capital held as treasury shares by Novartis AG and
its subsidiaries, the following registered shareholders (including nominees and the ADS depositary) held more than 2% of the total share
capital of Novartis with the right to vote all their Novartis shares based on an exemption granted by the Board of Directors:

•
 Shareholders: Novartis Foundation for Employee Participation, with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 2.5%; Emasan AG, with
its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 3.4%; and UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG, with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 2.0%;

•
 Nominees: Chase Nominees Ltd., London, England (holding 7.8%); Nortrust Nominees Ltd., London, England (holding 3.8%); and The
Bank of New York Mellon, New York, NY (holding 4.3%) through its nominees, The Bank of New York Mellon, Everett, MA (holding 2.0%), and The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, Brussels, Belgium
(holding 2.3%); and

•
 ADS depositary: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., New York, NY (holding 12.3%).

        According
to a disclosure notification filed with Novartis AG, Norges Bank (Central Bank of Norway), Oslo, Norway, held 2.1% of the share capital of Novartis AG as of December 31,
2017, with the right to vote all its Novartis shares, but was not registered in our share register as of December 31, 2017.

        According
to a disclosure notification filed with Novartis AG and the SIX Swiss Exchange, BlackRock, Inc., New York, NY, held between 3% and 5% of the share capital of Novartis AG
but was registered with less than 2% of the share capital in our share register as of December 31, 2017.

        As
of December 31, 2017, no other shareholder was registered as owner of more than 2% of the registered share capital.

        The
Articles of Incorporation provide that no shareholder shall be registered with the right to vote shares comprising more than 2% of the registered share capital. The Board of
Directors may, upon request, grant an exemption from this restriction. Considerations include whether the shareholder supports the Novartis goal of creating sustainable value and has a long term
investment horizon.
Exemptions are in force for the registered major shareholders as described above. Novartis has not entered into any agreement with any shareholder regarding the voting or holding of Novartis shares.

2016

        According to our share register, as of December 31, 2016, excluding 4.5% of our share capital held as treasury shares by Novartis AG and
its subsidiaries, the following registered shareholders (including nominees and the ADS depositary) held more than 2% of the total share capital of Novartis with the right to vote these
shares:

•
 Shareholders: Novartis Foundation for Employee Participation, with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 2.6%; Emasan AG, with
its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 3.4%; and UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG, with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 2.1%;

•
 Nominees: Chase Nominees Ltd., London, England (holding 8.5%); Nortrust Nominees, London, England (holding 3.9%); and The Bank of New
York Mellon, New York, NY (holding 4.4%) through its nominees, Mellon Bank, Everett, MA (holding 1.8%) and The Bank of New York Mellon, Brussels, Belgium (holding 2.6%); and

•
 ADS depositary: JPMorgan Chase Bank, New York, NY (holding 12%).

192

Table of Contents

        According
to a disclosure notification filed with Novartis AG, Norges Bank (Central Bank of Norway), Oslo, Norway, held 2.02% of the share capital of Novartis AG as of
December 31, 2016, with the right to vote all its Novartis shares, but was not registered in our share register as of December 31, 2016.

        According
to disclosure notifications filed with Novartis AG and the SIX Swiss Exchange, each of the following shareholders held between 3% and 5% of the share capital of Novartis AG as
of December 31, 2016:

•
 Capital Group Companies, Inc., Los Angeles, CA; and

•
 BlackRock, Inc., New York, NY

        As
of December 31, 2016, no other shareholder was registered as owner of more than 2% of the registered share capital. Novartis has not entered into any agreement with any
shareholder regarding the voting or holding of Novartis shares.

2015

        According to our share register, as of December 31, 2015, excluding 6.2% of our share capital held as treasury shares by Novartis AG and
its subsidiaries, the following registered shareholders (including nominees and the ADS depositary) held more than 2% of the total share capital of Novartis with the right to vote these
shares:

•
 Shareholders: Novartis Foundation for Employee Participation, with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 2.6%; and Emasan AG,
with its registered office in Basel, Switzerland, holding 3.3%;

•
 Nominees: Chase Nominees Ltd., London, England (holding 8.8%) (Previously reported as JPMorgan Chase Bank, New York, NY but changed to
its affiliate Chase Nominees Ltd., London, England, which is entered as nominee in our share register.); Nortrust Nominees, London, England (holding 3.2%); and The Bank of New York Mellon, New
York, NY (holding 4.6%) through its nominees, Mellon Bank, Everett, MA (holding 1.7%) and The Bank of New York Mellon, Brussels, Belgium (holding 2.9%); and

•
 ADS depositary: JPMorgan Chase Bank, New York, NY (holding 11.2%).

        According
to disclosure notifications filed with Novartis AG and the SIX Swiss Exchange, each of the following shareholders held between 3% and 5% of the share capital of Novartis AG as
of December 31, 2015:

•
 Capital Group Companies, Inc., Los Angeles, CA; and

•
 BlackRock, Inc., New York, NY

        As
of December 31, 2015, no other shareholder was registered as owner of more than 2% of the registered share capital. Novartis has not entered into any agreement with any
shareholder regarding the voting or holding of Novartis shares.

7.B Related Party Transactions

        The information set forth under "Note 26. Transactions with related parties" on pages 240 to 241 of the "Excerpts from Novartis
Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

193

Table of Contents

7.C Interests of Experts and Counsel

        Not applicable.

  Item 8.    Financial Information

8.A Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

        See "Item 18. Financial Statements."

Dividend policy

        Subject to the dividend policy described below, our Board of Directors expects to recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of each
financial year. If approved by our shareholders at the relevant annual Shareholders' Meeting, the dividends will be payable shortly following such approval. Any shareholder who purchases our shares
before the ex-dividend date and holds the shares until that date shall be deemed to be entitled to receive the dividends approved at that meeting. Dividends are reflected in our financial statements
in the year in which they are approved by our shareholders.

        Our
dividend policy is to pay a growing annual dividend. This policy is subject to our financial conditions and outlook at the time, the results of our operations and other factors.

        The
Board will propose a dividend of CHF 2.80 per share to the shareholders for approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on March 2, 2018. Because we pay dividends in
Swiss francs, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the US dollar amounts received by holders of ADRs. For a summary of dividends we paid in the past five years, see "Item 3. Key
Information—Item 3.A Selected Financial Data—Cash Dividends per Share." See also "Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.D Risk Factors—The
price of our ADRs and the US dollar value of any dividends may be negatively affected by fluctuations in the US dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate."

Disclosure pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction & Syria Human Rights Act
(ITRA)

        At Novartis, it is our mission to discover new ways to improve and extend people's lives, regardless of where they live. This includes the
compliant sale of medicines and other healthcare products worldwide. To help us fulfill this mission, we have representative offices located in Iran.

        As
of October 18, 2010, a non-US affiliate within our Innovative Medicines Division entered into a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Ministry of Health and
Medical Education of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Pursuant to the MoU, the Iranian Ministry of Health acknowledges certain benefits that may apply to sales of certain Innovative Medicines Division
medicines by third-party distributors in Iran. These include fast-track registration, market exclusivity, end-user subsidies and exemptions from customs tariffs. Novartis receives no payments from the
Iranian Ministry of Health under the MoU and the MoU creates no obligations on the part of either Novartis or the Iranian Ministry of Health.

        In
the second quarter of 2016, a non-US affiliate within our Innovative Medicines Division submitted a non-binding written proposal for potential collaboration related to local
manufacturing, scientific and medical activities between the Iranian Ministry of Health and certain non-US affiliates within our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions. In the third quarter of
2016, a non-US affiliate within our Innovative Medicines Division submitted a draft of a proposed binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), based on the proposal submitted during the second quarter
of 2016, to the Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Bern, Switzerland, to seek support for a meeting with representatives of the Iranian Ministry of Health to negotiate and finalize the MoU. A
draft of the proposed binding MoU was

194

Table of Contents

submitted
to the Iranian Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Iran in the fourth quarter of 2016.

        In
2017, non-US affiliates relating to our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions made payments to government entities in Iran related to exit fees and other transactions ordinarily
incident to travel
by doctors and other medical professionals resident in Iran to attend conferences or other events outside Iran.

        From
time to time, including in 2017, non-US affiliates relating to our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions enter into agreements with hospitals, research institutes, medical
associations and universities in Iran to provide grants, sponsor congresses, seminars and symposia, and with doctors and other healthcare professionals for consulting services, including participation
in advisory boards and investigator services for observational (non-interventional) studies. Some of these hospitals and research institutes are owned or controlled by the government of Iran, and some
of these doctors and healthcare professionals are employed by hospitals that may be public or government-owned.

        Because
our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions have operations in Iran, including employees, they obtain services and have other dealings incidental to their activities in that
country, including paying taxes and salaries either directly or indirectly through a service provider, and obtaining office rentals, insurance, electricity, water and telecommunications services,
office and similar supplies and customs-related services from Iranian companies that may be owned or controlled by the government of Iran.

        Some
beneficiaries of payments made by non-US affiliates relating to our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divisions in the course of the operations described above maintain accounts at
banks that are included on the list of Specially Designated Nationals (SDNs). Nonetheless, pursuant to Executive Order 13599, non-US persons are not subject to secondary sanctions for engaging in
activities that involve persons included on the Executive Order 13599 List, given that the activities in question do not involve persons on the SDN List or conduct that remains sanctionable.

8.B Significant Changes

        None.

  Item 9.    The Offer and Listing

9.A Offer and Listing Details

        Our shares are listed in Switzerland on the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX).

        American
Depositary Shares (ADSs), each representing one share, have been available in the US through an American Depositary Receipts (ADR) program since December 1996. This program was
established pursuant to a Deposit Agreement which we entered into with JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. as Depositary (Deposit Agreement). Our ADRs have been listed on the NYSE since May 2000, and are traded
under the symbol "NVS."

        The
table below sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices for our shares traded in Switzerland and for ADRs traded in US. The data below regarding our
shares reflects price and volume information for trades completed by members of the SIX during the day as well as for inter- dealer trades completed off the SIX and certain inter-dealer trades
completed during trading on the previous business day.

195

Table of Contents

        The
following share data was taken from SIX; the ADR data was taken from Bloomberg:

Shares   ADRs
High CHF per share   Low CHF per share   High $ per ADR   Low $ per ADR
Annual information for the past five years
2013   73.65   58.70   80.39   63.70
2014   93.80   70.65   96.65   78.20
2015   102.30   82.20   106.12   83.96
2016   86.45   68.15   86.21   67.59
2017   85.15   69.55   86.65   70.03
Quarterly information for the past two years
2017
First Quarter   78.75   69.55   78.17   70.03
Second Quarter   83.80   72.90   86.34   72.74
Third Quarter   83.85   78.80   86.23   81.97
Fourth Quarter   85.15   80.50   86.65   80.72
2016
First Quarter   86.45   69.55   86.21   71.11
Second Quarter   80.15   68.50   82.51   71.40
Third Quarter   82.50   76.10   83.51   78.27
Fourth Quarter   77.60   68.15   79.13   67.59
Monthly information for most recent six months
August 2017   82.75   79.20   85.34   82.74
September 2017   83.85   80.05   86.23   83.80
October 2017   85.15   80.50   86.65   80.72
November 2017   84.20   81.65   85.80   82.38
December 2017   84.10   81.85   86.05   82.88
January 2018 (through January 18, 2018)   84.96   82.90   86.88   84.68

        Fluctuations
in the exchange rate between the Swiss franc and the US dollar will affect any comparisons of Swiss share prices and US ADR prices.

        The
average daily volumes of shares traded on the SIX (ON/OFF exchange) for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 5,123,108, 6,102,338, and 5,870,874, respectively. These numbers are based
on total annual turnover statistics supplied by the SIX via the Swiss Market Feed, which supplies such data to subscribers and to other information providers. The average daily volumes of ADRs traded
in the US for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 2,189,574, 2,264,606, and 1,787,735, respectively.

        The
Depositary has informed us that as of January 18, 2018, there were 320,485,732 ADRs outstanding, each representing one Novartis share (approximately 12% of total Novartis
shares issued). On January 18, 2018, the closing sales price per share on the SIX was CHF 82.90 and $86.41 per ADR on the NYSE.

9.B Plan of Distribution

        Not applicable.

9.C Markets

        See "—Item 9.A Offer and Listing Details."

196

Table of Contents

9.D Selling Shareholders

        Not applicable.

9.E Dilution

        Not applicable.

9.F Expenses of the Issue

        Not applicable.

  Item 10.    Additional Information

10.A Share capital

        Not applicable.

10.B Memorandum and Articles of Association

        The following is a summary of certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation (Articles), our Regulations of the Board of Directors (Board
Regulations) and of Swiss law, particularly, the Swiss Code of Obligations (Swiss CO). This is not a summary of all the significant provisions of the Articles, the Board Regulations or of Swiss law
and does not purport to be complete. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles and the Board Regulations, which are an exhibit to this Form 20-F, and to Swiss
law.

        At
our 2015 Annual General Meeting held on February 27, 2015, our shareholders approved amendments to our Articles to align with the Swiss Ordinance against Excessive Compensation
in Stock Exchange Listed Companies on Board and Executive Compensation (the Ordinance). Key aspects of these amendments included determining (i) the maximum number of allowable external
mandates for members of our Board of Directors (Board) and Executive Committee (ECN), (ii) the principles concerning the tasks and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee,
(iii) the details concerning the procedure for the new yearly binding separate shareholder votes on the aggregate compensation of our Board and ECN, and (iv) the principles of our
compensation policy.

10.B.1
Company Purpose

        Novartis AG is registered in the commercial register of the Canton of Basel-Stadt, Switzerland, under number CHE-103.867.266. Our business
purpose, as stated in Article 2 of the Articles, is to hold interests in enterprises in the area of health care or nutrition. We may also hold interests in enterprises in the areas of biology,
chemistry, physics, information technology or
related areas. We may acquire, mortgage, liquidate or sell real estate and intellectual property rights in Switzerland or abroad. In pursuing our business purpose, we strive to create sustainable
value.

10.B.2
Directors

        (a)   According
to our Board Regulations, a member of our Board (Director) may not participate in deliberations or resolutions on matters which affect, or reasonably might
affect, the Director's interests, or the interests of a person close to the Director. In addition, the Swiss CO sets forth that if, in connection with the conclusion of a contract, the Company is
represented by the person with whom it is concluding

197

Table of Contents

the
contract, such contract shall be in writing. Furthermore, the Swiss CO does require directors and members of senior management to safeguard the interests of the corporation and, in this
connection, imposes a duty of care and a duty of loyalty on such individuals. This rule is generally interpreted to mean that directors and members of senior management are disqualified from
participating in decisions which affect them personally.

        (b)   A
Board resolution requires the affirmative majority of the votes cast. As with any Board resolution, Directors may not vote on their own compensation unless at least a
majority of the Directors are present. Such votes are subject to the approval of the aggregate amounts of compensation of the Directors and the members of the ECN by a shareholders' resolution under
the Ordinance.

        (c)   The
Articles prohibit the granting of loans or credits to Directors.

        (d)   Directors
who have turned seventy years of age at the date of the General Meeting of Shareholders may no longer be elected as members of the Board. The General Meeting
of Shareholders may, under special circumstances, grant an exemption from this rule.

        (e)   Our
Directors are not required to be shareholders under our Articles.

10.B.3
Shareholder Rights

        Because Novartis AG has only one class of registered shares, the following information applies to all shareholders.

        (a)   The
Swiss CO requires that at least 5% of our annual profit be retained as general reserves, so long as these reserves amount to less than 20% of our registered share
capital. Swiss law and the Articles permit us to accrue additional reserves.

        Under
the Swiss CO, we may only pay dividends out of the balance sheet profit, out of reserves created for this purpose or out of free reserves. In any event, under the Swiss CO, while
the Board may propose that a dividend be paid, we may only pay dividends upon shareholders' approval at a General Meeting of Shareholders. Our auditors must confirm that the dividend proposal of our
Board conforms with the Swiss CO and the Articles. Our Board intends to propose a dividend once each year. See "Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.A. Selected Financial
Data—Cash Dividends per Share" and "Item 8. Financial Information—Item 8.A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Dividend
Policy."

        Dividends
are usually due and payable shortly after the shareholders have passed a resolution approving the payment. Dividends which have not been claimed within five years after the due
date revert to us, and are allocated to our general reserves. For information about deduction of the withholding tax or other duties from dividend payments, see "—Item 10.E
Taxation."

        (b)   Each
share is entitled to one vote at a General Meeting of Shareholders. Voting rights may only be exercised for shares registered with the right to vote on the Record
Date. In order to do so, the shareholder must file a share registration form with us, setting forth the shareholder's name, address and citizenship (or, in the case of a legal entity, its
registered office). If the shareholder has not timely filed the form, then the shareholder may not vote at, or participate in, General Meetings of Shareholders.

        To
vote its shares, the shareholder must also explicitly declare that it has acquired the shares in its own name and for its own account. If the shareholder refuses to make such a
declaration, the shares may not be voted unless the Board recognizes such shareholder as a nominee.

        The
Articles provide that no shareholder shall be registered with the right to vote shares comprising more than 2% of the registered share capital. The Board may, upon request, grant an
exemption from this restriction. Considerations include whether the shareholder supports our goal of creating sustainable value and has a long-term investment horizon. Furthermore, the Articles
provide that no nominee shall be

198

Table of Contents

registered
with the right to vote shares comprising more than 0.5% of the registered share capital. The Board may, upon request, grant an exemption from this restriction if the nominee discloses the
names, addresses and number of shares of the persons for whose account it holds more than 0.5% of the registered share capital. The same restrictions indirectly apply to holders of ADRs. We have in
the past granted exemptions from the 2% rule for shareholders and the 0.5% rule for nominees. Under the Articles, the Board may delegate the power to grant such exemptions. The Board has delegated
this power to the Chairman of the Board.

        For
purposes of the 2% rule for shareholders and the 0.5% rule for nominees, groups of companies and groups of shareholders acting in concert are considered to be one shareholder. These
rules also apply to shares acquired or subscribed by the exercise of subscription, option or conversion rights.

        After
hearing the registered shareholder or nominee, the Board may cancel, with retroactive effect as of the date of registration, the registration of the shareholders if the
registration was effected based on false information.

        Registration
restrictions in the Articles may only be removed upon a resolution carrying a two-thirds majority of the votes represented at a General Meeting of Shareholders.

        Except
as noted in the paragraph immediately below, shareholders' resolutions require the approval of a majority of the votes present at a General Meeting of Shareholders. As a result,
abstentions have the effect of votes against such resolutions. Some examples of shareholders' resolutions requiring a vote by such "absolute majority of the votes" are (1) amendments to the
Articles; (2) elections of Directors, the Chairman, the Compensation Committee members, the independent proxy and the statutory auditors; (3) approval of the management report and the
financial statements; (4) setting the annual dividend; (5) approval of the aggregate amounts of compensation of the Directors and the members of the
Executive Committee; (6) decisions to discharge Directors and management from liability for matters disclosed to the General Meeting of Shareholders; and (7) the ordering of an
independent investigation into specific matters proposed to the General Meeting of Shareholders.

        According
to the Articles and Swiss law, the following types of shareholders' resolutions require the approval of a "supermajority" of at least two-thirds of the votes present at a
General Meeting of Shareholders: (1) an alteration of our corporate purpose; (2) the creation of shares with increased voting powers; (3) an implementation of restrictions on the
transfer of registered shares and the removal of such restrictions; (4) an authorized or conditional increase of the share capital; (5) an increase of the share capital by conversion of
equity, by contribution in kind, or for the purpose of an acquisition of property or the grant of special rights; (6) a restriction or an elimination of shareholders' preemptive rights;
(7) a change of our domicile; (8) our dissolution; or (9) any amendment to the Articles which would create or eliminate a supermajority requirement.

        Our
shareholders are required to annually elect all of the members of the Board, as well as the Chairman of the Board, the members of the Compensation Committee and the independent
proxy. Cumulative voting of shares is not permitted under Swiss law.

        At
General Meetings of Shareholders, shareholders can be represented by proxy. However, a proxy must either be the shareholder's legal representative, another shareholder with the right
to vote, or the independent proxy. Votes are taken either by a show of hands or by electronic voting, unless the General Meeting of Shareholders resolves to have a ballot or where a ballot is ordered
by the chairman of the meeting.

        American
Depositary Shares (ADSs) each representing one Novartis share and evidenced by American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) are issued by our depositary JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., New
York, and not by us. The ADR is vested with rights defined and enumerated in the Deposit Agreement (such as the rights to vote, to receive a dividend and to receive a share of Novartis in exchange for
a certain number of ADRs). The enumeration of rights, including any limitations on those rights in the

199

Table of Contents

Deposit
Agreement, is final. There are no other rights given to the ADR holders. Only the ADS depositary, holding our shares underlying the ADRs, is registered as shareholder in our share register. An
ADR is not a Novartis share and an ADR holder is not a Novartis shareholder.

        The
Deposit Agreement between our depositary, the ADR holder and us has granted certain indirect rights to vote to the ADR holders. ADR holders may not attend Novartis General Meetings
in person.
ADR holders exercise their voting rights by instructing JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., our depositary, to exercise the voting rights attached to the registered shares underlying the ADRs. Each ADR
represents one Novartis share. JPMorgan Chase Bank exercises the voting rights for registered shares underlying ADRs for which no voting instructions have been given by providing a discretionary proxy
to an uninstructed independent designee pursuant to paragraph 13 of the form of ADR. Such designee has to be a shareholder of Novartis. The same voting restrictions apply to ADR holders as to
those holding Novartis shares (
i.e.
, the right to vote up to 2% of the Novartis registered share capital—unless otherwise granted an
exemption by the Board—and the disclosure requirement for nominees).

        (c)   Shareholders
have the right to allocate the profit shown on our balance sheet by vote taken at the General Meeting of Shareholders, subject to the legal requirements
described in "Item 10.B.3(a) Shareholder Rights".

        (d)   Under
the Swiss CO, any surplus arising out of a liquidation of our Company (
i.e.
, after the settlement of all claims of
all creditors) would be distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the paid-in nominal value of their shares.

        (e)   The
Swiss CO limits a corporation's ability to hold or repurchase its own shares. We and our subsidiaries may only repurchase shares if we have freely disposable equity,
in the amount necessary for this purpose, available. The aggregate nominal value of all Novartis shares held by us and our subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of our registered share capital. However, it
is accepted that a corporation may repurchase its own shares beyond the statutory limit of 10%, if the repurchased shares are clearly earmarked for cancellation. In addition, we are required to create
a special reserve on our balance sheet in the amount of the purchase price of the acquired shares. Repurchased shares held by us or our subsidiaries do not carry any rights to vote at a General
Meeting of Shareholders, but are entitled to the economic benefits generally connected with the shares. The definition of subsidiaries, and therefore, treasury shares, for purposes of the above
described reserves requirement and voting restrictions differs from the definition of subsidiaries for purposes of consolidation in our consolidated financial statements. The definition in the
consolidated financial statements requires consolidation for financial reporting purposes of special purpose entities in instances where we have the power to govern the financial and operating
policies of the entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities. Therefore our consolidated financial statements include special purpose entities, mainly foundations, which do not qualify as
subsidiaries subject to the reserve requirements and voting restrictions of the Swiss CO, because we do not hold a majority participation in these special purpose entities. Accordingly, no reserve
requirements apply to shares held by such special purpose entities and such entities are not restricted from independently voting their shares.

        Under
the Swiss CO, we may not cancel treasury shares without the approval of a capital reduction by our shareholders.

        (f)    Not
applicable.

        (g)   Since
all of our issued and outstanding shares have been fully paid in, we can make no further capital calls on our shareholders.

        (h)   See
"—Item 10.B.3(b) Shareholder Rights" and "—Item 10.B.7 Change in Control".

200

Table of Contents

10.B.4
Changes To Shareholder Rights

        Under the Swiss CO, we may not issue new shares without the prior approval of a capital increase by our shareholders. If a capital increase is
approved, then our shareholders would generally have certain preemptive rights to obtain newly issued shares in an amount proportional to the nominal value of the shares they already hold. These
preemptive rights could be modified in certain limited circumstances with the approval of a resolution adopted at a General Meeting of Shareholders by a supermajority of two-thirds of the votes. In
addition, we may not create shares with increased voting powers or place restrictions on the transfer of registered shares without the approval of a resolution adopted at a General Meeting of
Shareholders by a supermajority of votes. In addition, see "—Item 10.B.3(b) Shareholder Rights" with regard to the Board's ability to cancel the registration of shares under limited
circumstances.

10.B.5
Shareholder Meetings

        Under the Swiss CO and the Articles, we must hold an annual ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders within six months after the end of our
financial year. General Meetings of Shareholders may be convened by the Board or, if necessary, by the statutory auditors. The Board is further required to convene an extraordinary General Meeting of
Shareholders if so resolved by a General Meeting of Shareholders, or if so requested by shareholders holding an aggregate of at least 10% of the registered shares, specifying the items for the agenda
and their proposals. Shareholders holding shares with a nominal value of at least CHF 1,000,000 (
i.e.
, 2,000,000 Novartis shares) have the
right to request that a specific proposal be put on the agenda and voted upon at the next General Meeting of Shareholders. A General Meeting of Shareholders is convened by publishing a notice in the
official Swiss Commercial Gazette (
Schweizerisches Handelsamtsblatt
) at least 20 days prior to such meeting. Shareholders may also be informed by
mail. There is no provision in the Swiss CO or our Articles requiring a quorum for the holding of a General Meeting of Shareholders. In addition, see "—Item 10.B.3(b) Shareholder
Rights" regarding conditions for exercising a shareholder's right to vote at a General Meeting of Shareholders.

10.B.6
Limitations

        There are no limitations under the Swiss CO or our Articles on the right of non-Swiss residents or nationals to own or vote shares other than
the restrictions applicable to all shareholders. But see "Item 10.B.3(b) Shareholder Rights" regarding conditions for exercising an ADR holder's right to vote at a shareholder meeting.

10.B.7
Change in Control

        The Articles and the Board Regulations contain no provision that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control
of Novartis and that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving us or any of our subsidiaries.

        According
to the Swiss Merger Act, shareholders may pass a resolution to merge with another corporation at any time. Such a resolution would require the consent of at least two-thirds of
all votes present at the necessary General Meeting of Shareholders.

        Under
the Swiss Financial Market Infrastructure Act, shareholders and groups of shareholders acting in concert who acquire more than 33
1
/
3
% of our shares would be under an
obligation to make an offer to acquire all remaining Novartis shares. Novartis has neither an opting-out from the mandatory takeover offer obligation nor an opting-up of the threshold for mandatory
takeover offers in its Articles.

201

Table of Contents

10.B.8
Disclosure of Shareholdings

        Under the Swiss Financial Market Infrastructure Act, holders of our voting shares acting alone or acting in concert with others are required to
notify us and the SIX Swiss Exchange of the level of their holdings whenever such holdings reach or exceed, or in some cases, fall short of, certain thresholds—3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%,
33
1
/
3
%, 50% and 66
2
/
3
%—of our registered share capital. Following receipt of such notification we are required to inform the public by publishing the
information via the electronic publication platform operated by the SIX Swiss Exchange.

        An
additional disclosure obligation exists under the Swiss CO which requires us to disclose, once a year in the notes to the financial statements published in our annual report, the
identity of all of our shareholders (or related groups of shareholders) who have been granted exemption entitling them to vote more than 2% of our registered share capital, as described in
"—Item 10.B.3(b) Shareholder Rights".

10.B.9
Differences in the Law

        See the references to Swiss law throughout this "—Item 10.B Memorandum and Articles of Association".

10.B.10
Changes in Capital

        The requirements of the Articles regarding changes in capital are not more stringent than the requirements of Swiss law.

10.C Material contracts

        Not applicable.

10.D Exchange controls

        There are no Swiss governmental laws, decrees or regulations that restrict, in a manner material to Novartis, the export or import of capital,
including any foreign exchange controls, or that generally affect the remittance of dividends or other payments to non-residents or non-citizens of Switzerland who hold Novartis' shares.

10.E Taxation

        The taxation discussion set forth below is intended only as a descriptive summary and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of
all potential tax effects relevant to the ownership or disposition of our shares or ADRs. The statements of US and Swiss tax laws set forth below are based on the laws and regulations in force as of
the date of this 20-F, including the current Convention Between the US and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, entered into force on
December 19, 1997 (the "Treaty"), and the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), Treasury regulations, rulings, judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements, and may
be subject to any changes in US and Swiss law, and in any double taxation convention or treaty between the US and Switzerland occurring after that date, which changes may have retroactive effect.

202

Table of Contents

Swiss Taxation

Swiss Residents

        Withholding Tax on Dividends and Distributions.
    Dividends which we pay and similar cash or in-kind distributions which we may make to a
holder of
shares or ADRs (including distributions of liquidation
proceeds in excess of the nominal value, stock dividends and, under certain circumstances, proceeds from repurchases of shares by us in excess of the nominal value) are generally subject to a Swiss
federal withholding tax (the "Withholding Tax") at a current rate of 35%. Under certain circumstances distributions out of capital contribution reserves made by shareholders after December 31,
1996 are exempt from Withholding Tax. We are required to withhold this Withholding Tax from the gross distribution and to pay the Withholding Tax to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. The
Withholding Tax is refundable in full to Swiss residents who are the beneficial owners of the taxable distribution at the time it is resolved and duly report the gross distribution received on their
personal tax return or in their financial statements for tax purposes, as the case may be.

         Income Tax on Dividends.
    A Swiss resident who receives dividends and similar distributions (including stock dividends and liquidation
surplus) on
shares or ADRs is required to include such amounts in the shareholder's personal income tax return. However, distributions out of qualified capital contribution reserves are not subject to income tax.
A corporate shareholder may claim substantial relief from taxation of dividends and similar distributions received if the shares held represent a fair market value of at least
CHF 1 million.

         Capital Gains Tax upon Disposal of Shares.
    Under current Swiss tax law, the gain realized on shares held by a Swiss resident who holds
shares or ADRs
as part of his private property is generally not subject to any federal, cantonal or municipal income taxation on gains realized on the sale or other disposal of shares or ADRs. However, gains
realized upon a repurchase of shares by us may be characterized as taxable dividend income if certain conditions are met. Book gains realized on shares or ADRs held by a Swiss corporate entity or by a
Swiss resident individual as part of the shareholder's business property are, in general, included in the taxable income of such person. However, the Federal Law on the Direct Federal Tax of
December 14, 1990 and several cantonal laws on direct cantonal taxes provide for exceptions for Swiss corporate entities holding more than 10% of our voting stock for more than one year.

Residents of Other Countries

        Recipients of dividends and similar distributions on our shares who are neither residents of Switzerland for tax purposes nor holding shares as
part of a business conducted through a permanent establishment situated in Switzerland ("Non-resident Holders") are not subject to Swiss income taxes in respect of such distributions. Moreover, gains
realized by such recipients upon the disposal of shares are not subject to Swiss income taxes.

        Non-resident
Holders of shares are, however, subject to the Withholding Tax on dividends and similar distributions mentioned above and under certain circumstances to the Stamp Duty
described below. Such Non-resident Holders may be entitled to a partial refund of the Withholding Tax if the country in which they reside has entered into a bilateral treaty for the avoidance of
double taxation with Switzerland. Non-resident Holders should be aware that the procedures for claiming treaty refunds (and the time frame required for obtaining a refund) may differ from country to
country. Non-resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding receipt, ownership, purchase, sale or other dispositions of shares or ADRs and the procedures for claiming a refund of the
Withholding Tax.

203

Table of Contents

        As
of January 1, 2018, Switzerland has entered into bilateral treaties for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to income taxes with the following countries, whereby a
part of the above-mentioned Withholding Tax may be refunded (subject to the limitations set forth in such treaties):

Albania Algeria Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt Estonia   Finland France Germany Georgia Ghana Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Republic of Ireland Jamaica Japan Kazakhstan Republic of Korea (South Korea) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan   Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia   Serbia Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam

        The
tax treaty with Bahrain is not applicable to the healthcare industry. Tax treaty negotiations are under way, or have been conducted, with Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Costa Rica,
Ethiopia, Kosovo, Libya, North Korea, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Syria, Zambia and Zimbabwe. Tax treaty negotiations between Switzerland and some of the countries listed in the immediately preceding
sentence have been ongoing for an extended period of time, and we are not certain when or if such negotiations will be completed, and when or if the corresponding treaties will come into effect.

        A
Non-resident Holder of shares or ADRs will not be liable for any Swiss taxes other than the Withholding Tax described above and, if the transfer occurs through or with a Swiss bank or
other Swiss securities dealer, the Stamp Duty described below. If, however, the shares or ADRs of Non-resident Holders can be attributed to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business
maintained by such person within Switzerland during the relevant tax year, the shares or ADRs may be subject to Swiss income taxes in respect of income and gains realized on the shares or ADRs and
such person may qualify for a full refund of the Withholding Tax based on Swiss tax law.

        Residents of the US.
    A Non-resident Holder who is a resident of the US for purposes of the Treaty is eligible for a reduced rate of tax
on dividends
equal to 15% of the dividend, provided that such holder (i) qualifies for benefits under the Treaty, (ii) holds, directly and indirectly, less than 10% of our voting stock, and
(iii) does not conduct business through a permanent establishment or fixed base in Switzerland to which the shares or ADRs are attributable. Such an eligible holder must apply for a refund of
the amount of the Withholding Tax in excess of the 15% Treaty rate. A Non-resident Holder who is a resident of the US for purposes of the Treaty is eligible for a reduced rate of tax on dividends
equal to 5% of the dividend, provided that such holder (i) is a company, (ii) qualifies for benefits under the Treaty, (iii) holds

204

Table of Contents

directly
at least 10% of our voting stock, and (iv) does not conduct business through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in Switzerland to which the shares or ADRs are
attributable. Such an eligible holder must apply for a refund of the amount of the Withholding Tax in excess of the 5% Treaty rate. Claims for refunds must be filed on Swiss Tax Form 82 (82C
for corporations; 82I for individuals; 82E for other entities), which may be obtained from any Swiss Consulate General in the US or from the Federal Tax Administration of Switzerland at the address
below, together with an instruction form. Four copies of the form must be duly completed, signed before a notary public of the US, and sent to the Federal Tax Administration of Switzerland,
Eigerstrasse 65, CH-3003 Berne, Switzerland. The form must be accompanied by suitable evidence of deduction of Swiss tax withheld at source, such as certificates of deduction, signed bank vouchers or
credit slips. The form may be filed on or after July 1 or January 1 following the date the dividend was payable, but no later than December 31 of the third year following the
calendar year in which the dividend became payable. For US resident holders of ADRs, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Depositary, will comply with these Swiss procedures on behalf of the holders, and
will remit the net amount to the holders.

         Stamp Duty upon Transfer of Securities.
    The sale of shares, whether by Swiss residents or Non-resident Holders, may be subject to
federal securities
transfer Stamp Duty of 0.15%, calculated on the sale proceeds, if the sale occurs through or with a Swiss bank or other Swiss securities dealer, as defined in the Swiss Federal Stamp Duty Act. The
Stamp Duty has to be paid by the securities dealer and may be charged to the parties in a taxable transaction who are not securities dealers. Stamp Duty may also be due if a sale of shares occurs with
or through a non-Swiss bank or securities dealer, provided (i) such bank or dealer is a member of the SIX, and (ii) the sale takes place on the SIX. In addition to this Stamp Duty, the
sale of shares by or through a member of the SIX may be subject to a minor stock exchange levy.

US Federal Income Taxation

        The following is a general discussion of the material US federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our shares or ADRs
that may be relevant to you if you are a US Holder (as defined below). Because this discussion does not consider any specific circumstances of any particular holder of our shares or ADRs, persons who
are subject to US taxation are strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers as to the overall US federal, state and local tax consequences, as well as to the overall Swiss and other foreign tax
consequences, of the ownership and disposition of our shares or ADRs. In particular, additional or different rules may apply to US expatriates, banks and other financial institutions, regulated
investment companies, traders in securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting, dealers in securities or currencies, tax-exempt entities, insurance companies, broker-dealers,
investors liable for alternative minimum tax,
investors that hold shares or ADRs as part of a straddle, hedging or conversion transaction, holders whose functional currency is not the US dollar, partnerships or other pass through entities,
persons who acquired our shares pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation and persons who hold directly, indirectly or by attribution, 10% or more of our
outstanding shares. This discussion generally applies only to US Holders who hold the shares or ADRs as a capital asset (generally, for investment purposes), and whose functional currency is the US
dollar. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors concerning whether they are eligible for benefits under the Treaty.

        For
purposes of this discussion, a "US Holder" is a beneficial owner of our shares or ADRs who is (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the US for US federal income
tax purposes, (ii) a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the US or a state thereof or the
District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust (i) subject to the primary supervision
of a US court and the control of one or more US persons or (ii) that has a valid election in place to be treated as a US person. If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for
US federal income tax purposes) holds shares or ADRs, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners in a
partnership that

205

Table of Contents

holds
shares or ADRs are urged to consult their own tax advisor regarding the specific tax consequences of the owning and disposing of such shares or ADRs by the partnership.

        For
US federal income tax purposes, a US Holder of ADRs generally will be treated as the beneficial owner of our shares represented by the ADRs. However, see the discussion below under
"—Dividends" regarding certain statements made by the US Treasury concerning depositary arrangements.

        This
discussion assumes that each obligation in the Deposit Agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.

         Dividends.
    US Holders will be required to include in gross income, as an item of ordinary income, the full amount (including the amount
of any
Withholding Tax) of a dividend paid with respect to our shares or ADRs at the time that such dividend is received by the US Holder, in the case of shares, or by the Depository, in the case of ADRs.
For this purpose, a "dividend" will include any distribution paid by us with respect to our shares or ADRs (other than certain pro rata distributions of our capital
stock) paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under US federal income tax principles. To the extent the amount of a distribution by us exceeds our current and
accumulated earnings and profits, such excess will first be treated as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of a US Holder's tax basis in the shares or ADRs (with a corresponding reduction in
such tax basis), and thereafter will be treated as capital gain, which will be long-term capital gain if the US Holder held our shares or ADRs for more than one year. Under the Code, dividend payments
by us on the shares or ADRs are not eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to corporate shareholders.

        Dividend
income in respect of our shares or ADRs will constitute income from sources outside the US for US foreign tax credit purposes. Subject to the limitations and conditions provided
in the Code, US Holders generally may claim as a credit against their US federal income tax liability, any Withholding Tax withheld from a dividend. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are
complex. Each US Holder is urged to consult its own tax advisor concerning whether, and to what extent, a foreign tax credit will be available with respect to dividends received from us.
Alternatively, a US Holder may claim the Withholding Tax as a deduction for the taxable year within which the Withholding Tax is paid or accrued, provided a deduction is claimed for all of the foreign
income taxes the US Holder pays or accrues in the particular year. A deduction does not reduce US tax on a dollar-for-dollar basis like a tax credit. The deduction, however, is not subject to the
limitations applicable to foreign tax credits, but may be subject to other limitations and each US Holder is urged to consult its own tax advisor.

        The
US Treasury has expressed concern that parties to whom ADRs are released may be taking actions inconsistent with the claiming of foreign tax credits for US Holders of ADRs.
Accordingly, the summary above of the creditability of the Withholding Tax could be affected by future actions that may be taken by the US Treasury.

        In
general, a US Holder will be required to determine the amount of any dividend paid in Swiss francs, including the amount of any Withholding Tax imposed thereon, by translating the
Swiss francs into US dollars at the spot rate on the date the dividend is actually or constructively received by a US Holder, in the case of shares, or by the Depositary, in the case of ADRs,
regardless of whether the Swiss francs are in fact converted into US dollars. If a US Holder converts the Swiss francs so received into US dollars on the date of receipt, the US Holder generally
should not recognize foreign currency gain or loss on such conversion. If a US Holder does not convert the Swiss francs so received into US dollars on the date of receipt, the US Holder will have a
tax basis in the Swiss francs equal to the US dollar value on such date. Any foreign currency gain or loss that a US Holder recognizes on a subsequent conversion or other disposition of the Swiss
francs generally will be treated as US source ordinary income or loss.

        For
a non-corporate US Holder, the US dollar amount of any dividends paid that constitute qualified dividend income generally will be taxable at a maximum rate of 15% (or 20% in the case
of taxpayers with annual income which exceeds certain thresholds) provided that the US Holder meets certain holding period and other requirements. In addition, the dividends could be subject to a 3.8%
net investment

206

Table of Contents

income
tax. This tax is applied against the lesser of the US Holder's net investment income or the amount by which modified adjusted gross income exceeds a statutory threshold amount based on filing
status. We currently believe that dividends paid with respect to our shares and ADRs will constitute qualified dividend income for US federal income tax purposes. US Holders of shares or ADRs are
urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability to them of the reduced dividend rate in light of their own particular situation and the computations of their foreign tax credit
limitation with respect to any qualified dividends paid to them, as applicable.

         Sale or Other Taxable Disposition.
    Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of shares or ADRs, US Holders generally will recognize
capital gain or
loss in an amount equal to the difference between the US dollar value of the amount realized on the disposition and the US Holder's tax basis (determined in US dollars) in the shares or ADRs. This
capital gain or loss generally will be US source gain or loss and will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period in the shares or ADRs exceeds one year. In the case of a
non-corporate US Holder, any long term capital gain generally will be subject to US federal income tax at preferential rates, with a maximum rate of 15% (or 20% in the case of taxpayers with annual
income which exceeds certain thresholds). In addition, the gains could be subject to a 3.8% investment income tax. This tax is applied against the lesser of the US Holder's net investment income or
the amount by which modified adjusted gross income exceeds a statutory threshold amount based on filing status. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations under the
Code. Deposits or withdrawals of our shares by US Holders in exchanges for ADRs will not result in the realization of gain or loss for US federal income tax purposes.

        US Information Reporting and Backup Withholding.
    Dividend payments with respect to shares or ADRs and proceeds from the sale, exchange
or other
disposition of shares or ADRs received in the United States or through US-related financial intermediaries, may be subject to information reporting to the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and
possible US backup withholding. Certain exempt recipients (such as corporations) are not subject to these information reporting and backup withholding requirements. Backup withholding will not apply
to a US Holder who furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes any other required certification or who is otherwise exempt from backup withholding. Any US Holders required to
establish their exempt status generally must provide a properly-executed IRS Form W-9 (Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification). Backup withholding is not an additional
tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a US Holder's US federal income tax liability, and a US Holder may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing any required information.

10.F Dividends and paying agents

        Not applicable.

10.G Statement by experts

        Not applicable.

10.H Documents on display

        Any statement in this Form 20-F about any of our contracts or other documents is not necessarily complete. If the contract or document is
filed as an exhibit to the Form 20-F the contract or document is deemed to modify the description contained in this Form 20-F. You must review the exhibits themselves for a complete
description of the contract or document.

207

Table of Contents

        You
may review a copy of our filings with the SEC, as well as other information furnished to the SEC, including exhibits and schedules filed with it, at the SEC's public reference room
at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site at
http://www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services.

        We
are required to file or furnish reports and other information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and regulations under that act. As a foreign private issuer, we
are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the form and content of proxy statements and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short
swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

10.I Subsidiary Information

        Not applicable.

  Item 11.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

        The major financial risks facing the Group are managed centrally by Group Treasury. We have a written Treasury Directive and have implemented a
strict segregation of front office and back office controls. The Group does regular reconciliations of its positions with its counterparties. In addition, the Treasury function is included in
management's internal control assessment.

        For
information about the effects of currency fluctuations and how we manage currency risk, see "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Item 5.B
Liquidity and Capital Resources".

        The
information set forth under "Note 28. Financial instruments—additional disclosures" on pages 243 to 251 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017"
furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

  Item 12.    Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities

12.A Debt Securities

        Not applicable.

12.B Warrants and Rights

        Not applicable.

12.C Other Securities

        Not applicable.

208

Table of Contents

12.D American Depositary Shares

Fees Payable By ADR Holders

        According to our Deposit Agreement with the ADS depositary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMorgan), holders of our ADRs may have to pay to
JPMorgan, either directly or indirectly, fees or charges up to the amounts set forth below:

Category   Depositary actions   Associated Fee
Depositing or substituting underlying shares   Acceptance of shares surrendered, and issuance of ADRs in exchange, including surrenders and issuances in respect of:   $5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the new ADRs delivered
—Share distributions
—Stock split
—Rights
—Merger
—Exchange of shares or any other transaction or event or other distribution affecting the ADSs or the deposited shares
Withdrawing underlying shares   Acceptance of ADRs surrendered for withdrawal of deposited shares   $5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the ADRs surrendered
Selling or exercising rights   Distribution or sale of shares, the fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADRs which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such shares   $5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
Transferring, splitting or grouping receipts   Transfers, combining or grouping of depositary receipts   $1.50 per ADR
Expenses of the depositary   Expenses incurred on behalf of holders in connection with: —compliance with foreign exchange control regulations or any law or regulation relating to foreign investment —the depositary's or its custodian's compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation —stock transfer or other taxes and other governmental charges —cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery   Expenses payable at the sole discretion of the Depositary by billing Holders or by deducting charges from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions.
—expenses of the depositary in connection with the conversion of foreign currency into US dollars (which are paid out of such foreign currency)
—any other charge payable by any of the depositary or its agents
Advance tax relief   Tax relief/reclamation process for qualified holders   A depositary service charge of $0.0075 per ADS

209

Table of Contents

Fees Payable By The Depositary To The Issuer

        Pursuant to an agreement effective as of May 11, 2017 (the "Agreement"), JPMorgan, as our ADS depositary, has agreed to make an annual
contribution payment to Novartis at the end of each twelve month period beginning on the effective date of the Agreement and on each subsequent anniversary of the effective date of the Agreement (each
such twelve month period is a "Contract Year"). This annual contribution payment will equal: (a)(1) $1.7 million less (a)(2) the custody costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation
any central securities depository fees, charges and expenses) incurred during the applicable Contract Year (the items in (a)(2) collectively are the "Custody Costs") plus (b) 70% of the gross
issuance and cancellation fees collected by JPMorgan under the Deposit Agreement during such Contract Year minus (c) that portion (if any) of JPMorgan's legal fees, charges and out of pocket
expenses in excess of $50,000 for such Contract Year. To the extent that the Custody Costs for a Contract Year exceed $1.7 million, these costs would be capped at $1.7 million.

        JPMorgan
has further agreed to waive the $0.05 per ADS issuance fees that would normally be owed by Novartis in connection with our deposits of shares as part of our employee stock
ownership and employee participation plans. Novartis is responsible for reimbursing JPMorgan for all taxes and governmental charges required to have been withheld and/or paid, and not so withheld
and/or paid, arising from such waived fees.

210

Table of Contents

  PART II

  Item 13.    Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies

        None.

  Item 14.    Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds

        None.

  Item 15.    Controls and Procedures

        (a)   Novartis
AG's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 20-F, have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

        (b)   Report
of Novartis Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: The Board of Directors and management of the Group are responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Group's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Group's management and Board of Directors
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of its published consolidated financial statements.

        All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective may not prevent or detect misstatements and
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

        Group
management assessed the effectiveness of the Group's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017. In making this assessment, it used the criteria
established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on our assessment, management
concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, the Group's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.

        PricewaterhouseCoopers
AG, Switzerland, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control over
financial reporting which is included in this Form 20-F under "Item 18. Financial Statements—Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm."

        (c)   See
the report of PwC, an independent registered public accounting firm, included under "Item 18. Financial Statements—Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm."

        (d)   There
were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 20-F that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

  Item 16A.    Audit Committee Financial Expert

        Our Audit and Compliance Committee has determined that Srikant Datar and Elizabeth Doherty each possess specific accounting and financial
management expertise and that each is an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Board of

211

Table of Contents

Directors
has also determined that Srikant Datar and Elizabeth Doherty are each "independent" in accordance with the applicable requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the US Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and that other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee have sufficient experience and ability in finance and compliance matters to enable them to adequately discharge their
responsibilities.

  Item 16B.    Code of Ethics

        In addition to our Code of Conduct, which is applicable to all of our associates, we have adopted Ethical Conduct Requirements that impose
additional obligations on our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and persons performing similar functions. This document is accessible on our
Internet website at:

        https://www.novartis.com/investors/company-overview/corporate-governance

        We
recently added a provision to our Ethical Conduct Requirements requiring those subject to the Ethical Conduct Requirements to cause Novartis to achieve responsible use of, and control
over, all assets and resources entrusted to them, and not use Novartis funds, assets or information to pursue personal opportunities or gain or for any unlawful purpose.

  Item 16C.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services

        The information set forth under "Corporate governance—Our independent external auditors" on pages 111 to 112 of the "Excerpts
from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

  Item 16D.    Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees

        Not Applicable.

212

Table of Contents

  Item 16E.    Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

2017   Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) (1)   Average Price Paid per Share in $ (b)   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (c) (2)   Maximum Approximate Value of Shares that may yet be purchased under the Plans or Programs in CHF (d)   Maximum Approximate Value of Shares that may yet be purchased under the Plans or Programs in $ (e) (3)
(CHF millions)   ($ millions)
Jan. 1–31   2,317,997   71.52   1,020,000   9,160   9,206
Feb. 1–28   8,422,133   75.11   8,250,000   8,539   8,481
Mar. 1–31   9,859,489   75.00   9,630,000   7,816   7,805
Apr. 1–30   8,841,706   74.39   8,730,000   7,166   7,211
May 1–31   7,509,734   79.72   7,260,000   6,595   6,762
Jun. 1–30   6,726,281   82.41   6,510,000   6,075   6,343
Jul. 1–31   5,898,273   83.54   5,760,000   5,613   5,805
Aug. 1–31   5,496,108   83.75   5,370,000   5,180   5,375
Sep. 1–30   4,504,136   85.16   4,260,000   4,831   4,980
Oct. 1–31   3,560,482   85.05   3,280,000   4,557   4,579
Nov. 1–30   3,626,865   83.78   3,300,000   4,283   4,347
Dec. 1–31   3,272,514   84.40   2,850,000   4,045   4,141
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
Total   70,035,718   79.50   66,220,000
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​
​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​   ​

(1)
Column
(a) shows shares we purchased as part of our seventh share repurchase program plus the following types of share purchases outside of our
publicly announced repurchase program: (1) shares which we purchased on the open market; and (2) shares which we purchased from Swiss employees who had obtained the shares through a
Novartis Employee Ownership Plan. See the information set forth under "Note 25. Equity based participation plans for associates" on pages 237 to 239 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual
Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, which is incorporated by reference.

(2)
Column
(c) shows shares purchased as part of our seventh share repurchase program which was approved by the shareholders February 23,
2016 for an amount of up to CHF 10.0 billion. See the information set forth under "Corporate governance—Our shares and our shareholders—Our
shares—Share repurchase programs" on page 85 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, which is
incorporated by reference.

(3)
Column
(e) shows the Swiss franc amount from column (d) converted into US dollars as of the month-end, using the Swiss franc/US dollar
exchange rate at the applicable month-end.

  Item 16F.    Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant

        Not applicable.

213

Table of Contents

  Item 16G.    Corporate Governance

        The information set forth under "Corporate governance—Our corporate governance framework" on page 113 of the "Excerpts from
Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

  Item 16H.    Mine Safety Disclosure

        Not applicable.

214

Table of Contents

  PART III

Item 17.    Financial Statements

        See response to "Item 18. Financial Statements."

Item 18.    Financial Statements

        The information set forth under the headings

        "Consolidated
income statements" on page 186;

        "Consolidated
statements of comprehensive income" on page 187;

        "Consolidated
balance sheets" on page 188;

        "Consolidated
statements of changes in equity" on page 189;

        "Consolidated
cash flow statements" on page 190; and

        "Notes
to the Novartis Group consolidated financial statements" on pages 191 to 254,

in
each case of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018, is incorporated by reference.

215

Table of Contents

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Novartis AG, Basel

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Novartis AG and its consolidated subsidiaries (Group or Company) as of
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, and the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity,
and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial
statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in
Internal
Control—Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

        In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and
December 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

        The Novartis' Board of Directors and management of the Group are responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the "Report of Novartis Management on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" in
item 15(b) of this Form 20-F. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

        We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects.

        Our
audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

216

Table of Contents

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

        A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

        Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
/s/ MARTIN KENNARD Martin Kennard Audit expert Auditor in charge   /s/ STEPHEN JOHNSON Stephen Johnson Global relationship partner
Basel, January 23, 2018

PwC
has served as the Company's auditor since 1996. PwC or its predecessors audited certain of the Company's predecessor entities since at least 1940.

217

Table of Contents

  Item 19.    Exhibits

1.1   Articles of Incorporation of Novartis AG, as amended February 28, 2017 (English translation).
1.2   Regulations of the Board of Directors, its Committees and the Executive Committee of Novartis AG, as amended in relevant part January 1, 2014, March 1, 2015, and January 1, 2018.
2.1   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2000 among Novartis AG, JPMorgan Chase Bank (fka Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York), as depositary, and all holders from time to time of ADRs issued thereunder (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit (a)(1) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Novartis AG's registration statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333-11758) as filed with the SEC on September 8, 2000).
2.2   Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Novartis AG's registration statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333-11758) as filed
 with the SEC on September 8, 2000).
2.3   Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(3) to Novartis AG's registration statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333-13446) as filed with the SEC on May 3,
 2001).
2.4   Restricted Issuance Agreement dated as of January 11, 2002 among Novartis AG, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, as depositary, and all holders from time to time of
 ADRs representing ADSs issued thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form F-3, File No. 333-81862, as filed with the SEC on January 31, 2002).
2.5   Letter Agreement dated December 14, 2007 between Novartis AG and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as depositary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4
 to the Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2007 as filed with the SEC on January 28, 2008).
2.6   Form of American Depositary Receipt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(7) to the Registration Statement on Form F-6, File
 No. 333-198623, as filed with the SEC on September 8, 2014).
2.7   The total amount of long-term debt securities authorized under any instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We hereby agree to furnish to the SEC, upon its request, a copy of any
 instrument defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company or of its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed.
4.1   Shareholders' Agreement relating to GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited made on March 2, 2015, between GlaxoSmithKline Consumer
 Healthcare Holdings Limited, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Setfirst Limited, Novartis AG, Novartis Holding AG and Novartis Finance Corporation. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and
 filed separately with the SEC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on January 27, 2016.)
6.1   Our earnings per share calculation is incorporated by reference to "Note 7. Earnings per share" on page 210 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual
 Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.

218

Table of Contents

8.1   A list of all of our principal Group subsidiaries and associated companies is incorporated by reference to "Note 31. Principal Group subsidiaries and
 associated companies" on pages 253 to 254 of the "Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017" furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K on January 24, 2018.
12.1   Certification of Joseph Jimenez, Chief Executive Officer of Novartis AG, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
12.2   Certification of Harry Kirsch, Chief Financial Officer of Novartis AG, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13.1   Certification of Joseph Jimenez, Chief Executive Officer of Novartis AG, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13.2   Certification of Harry Kirsch, Chief Financial Officer of Novartis AG, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
15.1   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers AG, to the incorporation by reference of the audit report contained in this Form 20-F into Novartis AG's Registration Statements on
 Form S-8 filed on October 1, 2004 (File No. 333-119475), on Form S-8 filed on September 5, 2006 (File No. 333-137112), on Form S-8 filed on October 29, 2009 (File No. 333-162727), on Form S-8 filed on
 January 18, 2011 (File No. 333-171739), on Form S-8 filed on April 8, 2011 (File No. 333-173382), on Form S-8 filed on September 12, 2014 (File No. 333-198706), on Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to
 Form S-8 filed on March 15, 2017 (File No. 333-198706), and on Form F-3 filed on September 18, 2015 (File No. 333-207004).
15.2   Excerpts from Novartis Annual Report 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24,
 2018).
101.INS   XBRL Instance Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).
101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).
101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).
101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).
101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).
101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101 to Form 6-K as furnished to the SEC on January 24, 2018).

219

Table of Contents

  SIGNATURES

        The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized
the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

NOVARTIS AG
By:   /s/ HARRY KIRSCH Name: Harry Kirsch Title: Chief Financial Officer, Novartis Group
By:   /s/ FELIX R. EHRAT Name: Felix R. Ehrat Title: General Counsel, Novartis Group

Date:
January 24, 2018

220
