  NEWS RELEASE




FULL YEAR RESULTS 2025/26 (FY26)
2026-05-07

RNS Number : 3222D
JD Sports Fashion PLC
07 May 2026




                                                           FULL YEAR RESULTS 2025/26 (FY26)
                                   Building on resilient FY26; advancing five key strategic priorities at pace in FY27

              PERFORMANCE SUMMARY:




              £m                                                                       52 weeks to              52 weeks to           % change               % change
                                                                                       31 Jan 2026                 1 Feb              (reported)            (constant*)
                                                                                                                  2025(1)
              Sales                                                                        12,662                  11,458               +10.5%                 +11.7%
              Gross margin %*                                                              47.0%                   47.0%                   -                      -
              Operating profit*±                                                             886                     937                (5.4)%                 (4.0)%
              Operating margin %*±                                                          7.0%                    8.2%               (120)bps               (110)bps
              Profit before tax and adjusting items*                                         852                     923                (7.7)%                 (6.4)%
              Adjusted basic earnings per share* (pence)                                    11.71                   12.39               (5.5)%
              Free cash flow*                                                                462                     339                +36.3%
              Statutory measures
              Operating profit                                                               787                    903                 (12.8)%
              Net finance expense                                                           (158)                  (188)                (16.0)%
              Profit before tax                                                              629                    715                 (12.0)%
              Basic earnings per share (pence)                                               8.63                   9.50                 (9.2)%
              Dividend per share (pence)                                                     1.20                   1.00                +20.0%


               (1)
                     Gross margin % restated in FY25. See note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. * See page 3 for further details on

               Alternative Performance Measures;± Before adjusting items, after interest on lease liabilities


                                                                                                                                                                     1
RÉGIS SCHULTZ, CEO OF JD SPORTS FASHION PLC:

"We delivered a resilient performance, achieving organic sales growth of 2.1% despite tough market conditions.
Our deep understanding of our customers and lifestyle trends give us a clear view of how they want to shop and
spend, allowing us to consistently deliver the right products, in the right places and at the right prices. This
customer-led focus, alongside disciplined cost and capital management, supported a 36% increase in free cash
flow.

"In North America, our largest region at nearly 40% of sales, sales trends sequentially improved through the year,
culminating in a return to LFL sales growth in the fourth quarter, as we optimised our ranging, supply chain and
omni-channel proposition. We are now building on that progress with increased targeted marketing investment to
support the JD brand's expansion and build on our momentum in this key region.

"We also made good progress against our strategic priorities, launching automation at our Heerlen distribution
centre to support JD Europe store replenishment, and advancing our global e‑commerce re‑platforming
programme, with full roll‑out to Europe and the UK planned for later in 2026. These programmes are critical
stepping stones in future-proofing the infrastructure for a Group of our scale, creating a robust platform that
enables us to operate more efficiently and drive future growth. My thanks go to all my colleagues for their
relentless energy and commitment.

"Whilst we continue to expect muted market growth in FY27, we remain confident in JD Group's medium-term
trajectory, underpinned by our strong brand partnerships and agile, multi-brand model. For the year ahead we are
focused on further enhancing and optimising our product offer, customer experience and store footprint, and
delivering strong cost and cash discipline - in essence, 'controlling the controllables'. These actions position us
well to deliver on our new commitments on free cash flow and cash returns to shareholders announced today."

FY26 HEADLINES:




• Resilient financial performance, against tough global industry and consumer backdrop
• Organic* sales +2.1% (at constant FX rates), with growth in all regions except the UK; like-for-like* (LFL) sales
    -2.1%, in line with our expectations. Total sales +11.7% (at constant FX rates) driven by annualisations of the
    Hibbett and Courir acquisitions in the prior year
•   Broad and energised product offer delivered a good organic sales performance in apparel globally (c.+5%
    YoY); footwear softer (flat YoY) given product cycle evolution, but encouraging momentum in running category
•   Strong organic online sales growth across North America (+12.2%) and Europe (+3.8%), supported by ongoing
    evolution of omni-channel ranging and technology platforms
•   Gross margin of 47.0%, flat YoY, with underlying controlled price investments of -30bps net (particularly in
    online) offset by higher marketing contributions
•   Profit before tax and adjusting items (PBTAI) of £852m (FY25: £923m); statutory PBT down 12.0% to £629m
•   Operating cash flow of £1,309m, +3.3% YoY. Strong free cash flow of £462m, up £123m, supported by cost
    and capital discipline. Net inventory c.+3% YoY (at constant FX rates), broadly in line with organic sales growth
•   Year-end net cash position (before lease liabilities) of £311m (FY25: £52m), after £253m of dividend payments
    and share buybacks (FY25: £48m)



FY27 OUTLOOK AND GUIDANCE:




                                                                                                            2
    •   Q127 trading update: Organic sales flat YoY and LFL -2.3% to 25 April 2026 (noting Q1 has the lowest
        sales weighting in our financial year)
    •   FY27 market outlook:
          - Continue to anticipate muted market growth in the near term, in line with our previous guidance
          - Although JD has no direct exposure in the Middle East, we continue to closely monitor the evolving
             situation and its potential impact on the consumer and our business if the crisis is prolonged
    •   FY27 guidance: reflecting the uncertainty, we are providing a wider range of profit guidance than we were
        previously planning for internally. Based on what we know today, we anticipate FY27 PBTAI of £750m to
        £850m(1), and free cash flow of £460m to £520m
    •   'Controlling the controllables':
          - Advancing five key strategic priorities at pace in FY27 (see below)
          - Gross margin: continued controlled price investments (weighted towards H127)
          - Opex: aiming to significantly offset underlying LFL opex increases through efficiency and productivity
             initiatives
          - Cash: continued disciplined capex and strong working capital management; gross capex guidance of c.
             £400m in FY27 (FY26: £401m)
    •   Enhanced shareholder returns: Proposing 20% uplift in FY26 total dividend to 1.20p (FY25: 1.00p),
        alongside the launch of our latest £200m share buyback programme on 23 February 2026, underlining the
        Group's strong cash generation and updated capital allocation framework (see below)



ADVANCING FIVE KEY STRATEGIC PRIORITIES AT PACE IN FY27:




• Strengthening and diversifying our product range: leveraging our deep understanding of our customer,
    brand relationships and exclusive product (including own brands) to enhance our product proposition to
    address more styles, trends and categories
•   Driving store productivity & optimisation: accelerate Finish Line and City Gear conversions in the US;
    'fewer, bigger, better' formats in the UK; significant steps underway to address under-performing stores in
    Central & Eastern Europe and North America
•   Completing our global e‑commerce re‑platforming: FY26 saw successful roll-out of new global e-commerce
    platforms in North America, South-East Asia and Italy; rest of Europe and UK upgrades to complete in FY27
•   Accelerating AI adoption: embedding AI culture deeper within the customer proposition and our operating
    model to drive sales growth and gross margin & opex efficiency, including enabling better discoverability and
    direct purchases through agentic AI platforms
•   Taking data-driven customer personalisation to the next level: leveraging data to drive more effective
    customer engagement via personalisation



STRENGTHENING           OUR    MEDIUM-TERM        FINANCIAL      PRIORITIES     AND     CAPITAL      ALLOCATION
FRAMEWORK:

Over the medium term, our financial priorities are to deliver: (i) sales growth ahead of our markets, (ii) operating
margin progression (driven by Europe and North America), and (iii) strong free cash generation.

In support of this, we are announcing today a new 3-year cumulative free cash flow target of >£1.4bn over FY26 to
FY28, underpinned by profit growth, disciplined capital expenditure and strong working capital management.

Under our capital allocation framework, we will reinvest where returns are compelling and maintain leverage
headroom for future commitments. In line with our confidence in our cash generation and our medium-term
trajectory, we are announcing today a 20% increase in the ordinary dividend with a clear intention to grow this
progressively towards a more attractive dividend yield, and a rolling £200m annual share buyback as we deploy
                                                                                                           3
cash to drive improved returns for shareholders. See page 10 for further details.



The remainder of this release consists of 3 main sections:




Contents                                                                                                 Page(s)
Chief Executive Officer's review                                                                          4 to 11
Technical guidance for FY27, medium-term financial priorities and capital allocation framework              12
Chief Financial Officer's review                                                                         13 to 23
Condensed consolidated financial statements                                                              24 to 45




Embargoed until 7am BST, 7 May 2026




JD Sports Fashion plc                                   Tel: 0161 767 1000
Régis Schultz, Chief Executive Officer
Dominic Platt, Chief Financial Officer
Maj Nazir, Group Investor Relations Director

Advisors
Bank of America - Antonia Rowan                         Tel: 0207 628 1000
Peel Hunt LLP - Dan Webster                             Tel: 0207 418 8869
Headland Consultancy - Lucy Legh, Rob Walker            Tel: 0203 805 4822
                                                        Email:
                                                        jdgroup@headlandconsultancy.com




Footnotes
(1) FY27 PBTAI guidance assumes FX rates of GBP-USD of 1.34 and GBP-EUR of 1.15



Alternative Performance Measures
Throughout this release, '*' indicates the first instance of use of Alternative Performance Measures, which management believe
are useful and necessary to assist the understanding of the Group's results. Please refer to pages 41 to 45 for further
information, including reconciliations to statutory measures where required.
                                                                                                                    4
Forward-looking statements
This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements relating to expected or anticipated results, performance or
events. Such statements are subject to normal risks associated with the uncertainties in our business, supply chain and
consumer demand along with risks associated with macroeconomic, political and social factors in the markets in which we
operate. Whilst we believe that the expectations reflected herein are reasonable based on the information we have as at the
date of this announcement, actual outcomes may vary significantly owing to factors outside the control of the Group, such as
cost of materials or demand for our products, or within our control such as our investment decisions, allocation of resources or
changes to our plans or strategy. Neither the Group nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or
completeness of, or assumes any obligation or undertaking to revise or update, any forward-looking statement made in this
announcement to reflect new information or any changes in events, expectations or circumstances. As such, undue reliance
should not be placed on the forward-looking statements contained within this announcement.


Results presentation and Q&A
Régis Schultz (Group CEO) and Dominic Platt (Group CFO) will host an in-person results presentation and Q&A for pre-
registered analysts and investors today at 08.30 (UK time). The presentation will be held at Bank of America, 2 King Edward St,
London, EC1A 1HQ.


A simultaneous live video webcast of the presentation and Q&A will also be available, using the following link:


https://app.webinar.net/0OkN2p9Be36


Post-event, a replay will be available on demand via the Investors section of our website at www.jdplc.com/investor-
relations.


Financial calendar
The next scheduled events are:


21 July 2026: Annual General Meeting 2026
20 August 2026: Q2 2026/27 trading statement
23 September 2026: H1 2026/27 results
19 November 2026: Q3 2026/27 trading statement


About JD Sports Fashion plc
Founded in 1981, JD Group is a leading global omni-channel retailer of sports, fashion and outdoor brands. With 4,811 stores
across 36 countries, our fascias - including JD, Size?, Courir, DTLR, Shoe Palace, Hibbett, Sprinter, Sport Zone, Cosmos and
Go Outdoors - deliver multi-brand and multi-category propositions that blend agility with trend-driven innovation. We leverage
our deep understanding of our customers, close relationships with established and emerging brands, and our exclusive product
and own brands portfolio to deliver leading-edge athleisure, performance and streetwear products that address the very latest
customer trends across footwear and apparel. We deliver this via our customer-focused omni-channel proposition that
combines vibrant, theatrical stores - where sports fashion meets music and youth culture - with cutting-edge digital experiences
for our customers.


Our vision is to inspire the emerging generation of customers through a connection to the universal culture of sport, music and
fashion. We drive this vision forward via our four strategic pillars: JD Brand First, first priority, first in the world; leveraging our
                                                                                                                             5
Complementary Concepts to support JD Group's regional expansion; moving Beyond Physical Retail by building the right
infrastructure and creating a lifestyle ecosystem of relevant products and services; and doing the right thing for our People,
Partners & Communities.


JD Sports Fashion plc is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW

In recent years, JD has transformed from a predominantly UK‑focused retailer into a leading global sports fashion
powerhouse, with a presence in 51 countries (including 15 countries where we have franchise stores).

Since joining as Group CEO three and a half years ago, we have completed a comprehensive programme of
investment, simplification and modernisation, reflecting the rapid expansion in the scale, capability and global
footprint of the Group. We have strengthened our operational backbone through major upgrades in supply chain
and technology, enhanced governance with modern finance and HR systems, and created a fairer and more
supportive workplace - including removing age‑based pay disparities across UK stores, and uplifting wages in line
with post‑pandemic inflation. We have also taken decisive steps to streamline and focus our portfolio, exiting 30
businesses while enhancing our Complementary Concepts with the acquisitions of Hibbett in North America and
Courir in Europe.

These foundations have been built during a period when industry growth slowed from its historic levels to a more
modest trajectory, shaped by macroeconomic uncertainty and the evolution of brand partners' product cycles. As
set out in our April 2025 Strategy Update, our business has moved decisively into a new phase, shifting our
strategic focus from rapid expansion, M&A and internal investment towards the strategic and operational
fundamentals we can control: offering a best‑in‑class customer proposition, strengthening and diversifying our
brand relationships, delivering productivity and efficiency benefits from our investments, and generating significant
free cash flow to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders.

A resilient FY26 built on discipline and strategic progress

Against this complex backdrop, we delivered a resilient performance in FY26 with organic sales +2.1%. Free cash
flow increased +36.3%, reflecting our disciplined approach to costs and capital expenditure. I would like to thank
all colleagues for their energy and commitment throughout the year.

North America - now our largest region at 38% of sales - saw encouraging improvement through the year,
culminating in a return to LFL sales growth during peak trading in Q426. Building on this momentum, we are
increasing marketing investment to support JD's expansion and reinforce our competitive position in this key
region.

We also made significant progress on the strategic priorities essential to JD's long‑term success. We launched
automation at our Heerlen distribution centre, a major step in transforming store replenishment for JD Europe. We
advanced our global e‑commerce re‑platforming, with full roll-out to Europe and the UK to follow later in 2026.
These investments address legacy constraints and create the modern infrastructure required for a business of our
scale.

Strengthening our customer proposition and multi‑brand model

One of JD's defining strengths is the deep understanding of our core customer, and throughout the year we
remained focused on translating that insight into a compelling customer proposition. We continued to evolve our
multi‑brand assortment with the latest and most exclusive athleisure, performance and streetwear products,
enhanced our UK store footprint through 'fewer, bigger, better' formats, and strengthened our omni‑channel
                                                                                                                    6
capabilities. We also improved supply chain efficiency to ensure strong product availability and faster fulfilment.

By staying close to both customers and brand partners, and leveraging our own brand capability, we believe we
can continue to lead with the right products, in the right places and at the right prices. Our multi‑brand model,
rooted in agility, disciplined execution and a clear strategic focus, position us well to navigate near‑term pressures
while capturing medium‑term opportunities.

FY27: execution focus and cash discipline - with strategic acceleration

Looking to the year ahead, while near‑term consumer and industry indicators mean that we anticipate overall
market growth to remain muted, we remain confident in the medium‑term trajectory for the JD Group. Building on
the discipline and resilience of last year, FY27 represents a year in which we will advance several key strategic
initiatives at pace:




  •       Strengthening and diversifying our product range
  •       Driving store productivity & optimisation
  •       Completing our global e commerce re-platforming
  •       Accelerating AI adoption
  •       Taking data-driven customer personalisation to the next level



The delivery of meaningful cost efficiencies also remains a core focus, including but not limited to the annualisation
of US integration synergies and starting to unwind supply chain and technology double-running costs in Europe.
We will maintain disciplined capex and strong working capital management to support significant cash generation.

A compelling investment proposition to deliver attractive shareholder returns

Our equity story is built on fundamentals that position JD Group to outperform even in a more moderate growth
environment: a global footprint in structurally attractive markets, multiple levers to drive sustained sales growth, an
agile multi-brand model, a distinctive omni-channel ecosystem and a significant runway for operational efficiency.
Critically, our strengthened model is generating significant free cash flow. With this stronger foundation, we expect
to continue enhancing shareholder returns, including the proposed FY26 ordinary dividend increase and
progressive policy and our rolling annual share buyback programme.
      ·




Review of FY26 performance

For the year to 31 January 2026, we achieved total sales of £12,662m, +11.7% at constant FX rates and +10.5%
at reported rates. Excluding the two businesses acquired in the prior year, organic sales growth was +2.1% at
constant FX rates, which includes a +4.2% benefit to sales from net new space opened across the Group. We
believe this is at least in line with the growth of our addressable markets. Group LFL sales were -2.1%.

The reported gross margin % for the Group in FY26 was flat YoY at 47.0% (FY25 restated: 47.0%). Throughout
the year, the Group made controlled price investments, particularly in the online offer, to boost competitivity and
stay close to fast-changing consumer dynamics. The underlying impact of these investments on our gross margin
% (approximately -30bps, net) was offset by higher marketing contributions YoY.

Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities of £886m (FY25: £937m) was -4.0% at
constant FX rates and -5.4% on a reported currency basis, driven by higher operating costs and interest on lease
                                                                                                        7
liabilities. While operating costs were +14.6% YoY at constant FX rates, this was driven by the impact of costs
related to organic new stores and the annualisation of costs related to Hibbett and Courir. Excluding these items,
operating costs were +0.4% YoY. Profit before tax and adjusting items was £852m (FY25: £923m), -6.4% at
constant FX rates and -7.7% at reported rates.

We are a highly cash generative business, with operating cash flow (net of lease repayments) of £1,309m in FY26,
+3.3% YoY (FY25: £1,267m), which we believe is a close cash proxy for EBITDA on an IAS 17 basis. After cash
outflows mainly consisting of changes in working capital, capital expenditure and tax payments, we generated free
cash flow of £462m in the year (FY25: £339m) supported by cost and capital discipline. As of 31 January 2026, we
had net cash (before lease liabilities) on our balance sheet of £311m (FY25: £52m), and net leverage including
lease liabilities of 1.4x (FY25: 1.7x).

Sales by region

Total sales below (in £m) include a full year of results from Hibbett and Courir (JD Group completed the acquisition
of Hibbett on 25 July 2024, and Courir on 27 November 2024). Organic sales growth excludes acquisitions and
disposals, and is calculated at constant FX rates.




                                                     FY26: 52 weeks to 31 January 2026
                                          Total sales (£m)      Like-for-like        Organic
North America*                                  4,779              (1.8)%             +3.2%
Europe                                          4,246              (1.2)%             +4.2%
UK                                              3,110              (3.9)%             (2.5)%
Asia Pacific                                     527               +0.4%              +8.5%
Group                                          12,662              (2.1)%             +2.1%



 * North America excluding Finish Line LFL sales: +1.2%


Sales by segment




                                                     FY26: 52 weeks to 31 January 2026
                                          Total sales (£m)     Like-for-like        Organic
JD*                                             7,945             (2.8)%             +2.9%
Complementary Athleisure                        3,208             (1.0)%             +0.7%
Sporting Goods & Outdoor                        1,509                -               +0.2%
Group                                          12,662             (2.1)%             +2.1%



 * JD excluding Finish Line LFL sales: (1.5)%


Regional commentary

North America, our largest region at 38% of Group sales (FY25: 37%), delivered an improving performance
through the year, supported by disciplined execution against its trading plans and strong online sales growth.
While footwear was mixed overall due to softness in several end‑of‑cycle product lines, this was partially offset by
                                                                                                           8
strong momentum in running as well as several successful retro basketball product launches. Furthermore,
organic apparel sales increased by c.22% YoY, the best performance across all our regions. Online sales grew
strongly throughout the year, with organic sales +12.2%, reflecting improved online ranging and technology
platforms, targeted marketing and controlled price investments. The phased conversion of Finish Line stores to JD
continued, with promotional intensity at this fascia remaining elevated through the year. Overall, North America
delivered organic sales growth of +3.2% and LFL sales of -1.8%. Excluding the standalone Finish Line business,
North America LFL sales were +1.2%.

Europe, representing 33% of Group sales (FY25: 31%), delivered a resilient performance with organic sales
growth of +4.2% and LFL sales of -1.2%. The region saw continued good performances across our sporting goods
businesses (ISRG and Cosmos), and a resilient performance across JD. Organic apparel sales in the region
continued to grow, up by c.10% YoY. Organic online sales saw good growth of +3.8%, helped by expanded
ship‑from‑store capabilities and controlled price investments in the online offer.

The UK, at 25% of Group sales (FY25: 28%), saw weak sales trends at both JD and our Outdoor business against
a tough consumer backdrop, particularly in the online channel (where a higher proportion of our UK sales are
derived relative to other regions). Store sales were supported by strong conversion despite lower footfall. Organic
sales - the most relevant measure in this market given our ongoing transition to 'fewer, bigger, better' JD stores -
were down for the year at -2.5%. This was largely driven by softness in footwear linked to end‑of‑cycle product
lines and tough comparatives in athletic footwear for women. Apparel, particularly womenswear and outerwear,
delivered a more resilient underlying performance (notwithstanding tough comparatives due to the Euro 2024
football tournament). JD Gyms continued its strong momentum, surpassing 100 sites and attracting record peak
sign-ups despite a more competitive market.

Asia Pacific, representing 4% of Group sales (FY25: 4%), delivered growth across the year, with broad‑based
strength in footwear, apparel and online (the latter supported by the successful roll-out of a new e-commerce
platform in South-East Asia). The region exited the year with positive LFL momentum. Overall, Asia Pacific
delivered organic sales growth of +8.5% and LFL sales of +0.4%.

Store footprint

We ended FY26 with 4,811 stores worldwide in 36 countries, compared with 4,850 at the start of the financial year.
Across all fascias, 289 stores were opened and 325 stores were closed (openings and closures include 58 store
relocations). Three stores were disposed of within our Outdoor business as we continued to optimise our store
portfolio.

In addition to the store numbers in the table below, the Group operates 102 JD Gyms sites in the UK (FY25: 92),
and 75 franchised stores for the JD brand and Courir (FY25: 58).

Overall, JD Group is present via its own operations in 36 countries, with a franchise presence in a further 15
countries.




Store numbers                             Stores as of Openings   Closures    Transfers   Disposals Stores as of
(excludes JD Gyms and franchise stores)   1 Feb 2025                                                31 Jan 2026
JD North America                              339         67         (1)          41          -         446
Finish Line                                   257          -        (42)         (41)         -         174
Macy's                                        256          -         (2)           -          -         254
                                                                                                           9
JD Europe                                 638         68           (20)          3            -           689
JD United Kingdom                         434         17           (41)           -           -           410
JD Asia Pacific                           102         13             -            -           -           115
JD                                       2,026       165          (106)          3            -          2,088
DTLR                                      251         13           (15)         169           -           418
Shoe Palace                               202         18            (4)          29           -           245
Hibbett                                   999         44           (61)           -           -           982
City Gear                                 200          -            (2)        (198)          -             -
Courir                                    300         20            (7)           -           -           313
Eastern Europe                            269         5            (96)         (3)           -           175
Complementary Athleisure                 2,221       100          (185)         (3)           -          2,133
ISRG                                      291         13            (4)           -           -           300
Cosmos                                     81         5             (1)           -           -            85
Outdoor                                   231         6            (29)           -          (3)          205
Sporting Goods & Outdoor                  603         24           (34)           -          (3)          590
Grand Total                              4,850       289          (325)           -          (3)         4,811




Channel commentary

Delivering a world-class omni-channel experience for our customer remains one of our top priorities:




  •   Sales from our 4,811 stores worldwide were 78% (FY25: 78%) of Group sales in FY26, at £9.9bn (+12.6%
      at constant FX rates). Organic store sales were +2.2% YoY, with LFL -3.4%.
  •   Online sales, which include click-and-collect orders and home delivery orders shipped from store, were
      21% (FY25: 21%) of Group sales in FY26, at £2.6bn (+8.0% at constant FX rates). Organic online sales
      were +1.2% YoY.
  •   Other sales, mainly related to JD Gyms memberships in the UK, were 1% (FY25: 1%) of Group sales in
      FY26.




Category commentary

Our business model is underpinned by our strong, agile and multi-brand assortment of products, delivering a
'head-to-toe' shopping experience for our customers.

Throughout FY26 we saw a significant shift in the global footwear product cycle, given the transition between
(smaller) newer product lines and (larger) 'end of cycle' product lines of some of our brand partners.
Notwithstanding this, we saw strong growth across brands less affected by transition, which reflects the benefit of
our agile, multi-brand model. The early signals for new franchises (in terms of both product launches and the
pipeline) are encouraging, particularly in the running category. Although small today, these present an exciting
longer-term opportunity for the Group.

The evolution of the apparel product cycle is very different compared with footwear. Our apparel proposition is in
excellent shape, and we believe there is significant scope to leverage this for growth, particularly in North America
where our apparel mix is relatively low compared to other regions.

Our sales mix is as follows:




                                                                                                           10
  •   60% footwear (FY25: 60%), with organic sales flat YoY. Footwear sales as a proportion of overall Group
      sales held steady at 60%, due to the category mix impact of Hibbett and Courir (both acquired in the prior
      year) being more footwear-centric than other JD Group fascias.
  •   30% apparel (FY25: 31%), with organic sales c.+5% YoY. Apparel sales as a proportion of overall Group
      sales reduced slightly to 30% due to the category mix impact noted above. In FY26 we saw good
      underlying apparel sales growth, driven by North America and Europe, supported by a strong product
      offer which continues to diversify as our fascias react to ever-changing consumer fashion trends. The
      growing depth of our brand partnerships is supplemented by our own brands, which represent c.15% of
      our apparel sales, and enable us to supplement our apparel proposition by bringing new ranges to market
      quickly.
  •   7% accessories (FY25: 6%), with organic sales c.+11% YoY primarily driven by strong growth in our
      Sporting Goods businesses.
  •   3% other (FY25: 3%), with organic sales c.-1% YoY. 'Other' includes outdoor living equipment and JD
      Gyms memberships.




Good progress against our strategic objectives in FY26 & our priorities for FY27

Our strategy is based on four pillars: JD Brand First, Complementary Concepts, Beyond Physical Retail
and People, Partners & Communities. Through FY26 we executed with discipline across each pillar, strengthening
the Group's operational backbone, sharpening our customer proposition, and creating a more resilient platform for
growth. JD Brand First keeps the JD fascia at the forefront of athleisure, performance and streetwear globally;
Complementary Concepts broadens our reach across customers, geographies and categories; Beyond
Physical Retail scales the technology and supply chain infrastructure we have built over the last three and a half
years, which underpins the ongoing development of our omni-channel model; and People, Partners &
Communities reflects our commitment to do the right thing by our colleagues, brand partners and the
communities where we operate, supported by robust governance and control.

The Group is focused on driving sales growth, strengthened profitability, strong cash generation, and
attractive shareholder returns. During the year we continued to optimise our multi‑brand footwear and apparel
assortments, leveraging globally consistent merchandising, richer customer insights and clearer brand storytelling.
In stores, our distinctive 'JD theatre' elevated partner narratives and newness; online, new e-commerce platforms
in key markets reduced friction and improved discovery and conversion, underpinning a more compelling omni-
channel experience.

JD Brand First

The JD brand has a strong position globally, with its brand awareness continuing to grow in key growth markets
(such as North America and continental Europe). We have a deep, unrivalled understanding of our core customer
demographic - 16 to 24-year olds - together with long-term partnerships with the leading brands in athleisure,
performance and streetwear, capitalising on over 40 years of industry experience. And we have a consistent,
global framework for the JD fascia; it is adapted according to local customer needs, and leverages our growing
own brands portfolio as well as partnerships with local and emerging brands.

In FY26 we opened 62 net new JD stores, taking the total JD portfolio to 2,088 globally as we continued to
grow JD's international store footprint. 80% of JD's stores are outside of the UK in our key growth markets of North
America, Europe and Asia Pacific. We follow a disciplined approach to capital investment for new stores and,
outside of strategic investments in flagships, we look for a payback on investment of less than three years.
                                                                                                          11
Highlights in FY26 included:




  •   In North America, JD saw 107 net store openings including conversions. JD's brand awareness
      strengthened in the US, where trends improved through the year with a return to LFL sales growth during
      peak trading. Against a tough market backdrop, this progress reflected better product storytelling
      (including performance-based running and selected retro basketball launches), a materially improved e-
      commerce experience following the technology re‑platforming at JD and Finish Line earlier in the year,
      and sharper marketing activations to connect with our core customer. We also advanced the ongoing
      Finish Line to JD conversion programme (69 conversions including 28 relocations, and 14 closures of
      standalone Finish Line stores) and opened select flagships (in Las Vegas and Vancouver), taking JD's
      store footprint in North America to 446 by year‑end. This count excludes 174 remaining standalone Finish
      Line stores in the US, and 254 Finish Line corners within Macy's department stores (also in the US, which
      are unaffected by the wind-down of standalone Finish Line stores).
  •   In Europe, JD opened 51 net new stores including conversions, with a focus on Italy, Poland and Spain.
      JD delivered a resilient performance against a tough market and competitive backdrop, and varying
      country dynamics. We maintained our focus on widening our product assortment, space productivity and
      full‑price sell‑through, supported by deeper use of omni-channel levers such as ship‑from‑store and
      click‑and‑collect where appropriate. Store presentation and brand theatre remained a priority in key doors,
      while assortment agility helped us navigate a mixed footwear cycle and support apparel momentum.
  •   In the UK, JD exited a net of 24 stores. With a leading market position, but a more mature estate, we
      continued our targeted estate optimisation approach, centred around 'fewer, bigger, better' stores. As a
      result, despite the lower store count, net selling space for JD UK increased by c.4% in FY26. We
      leveraged lease flexibility to right-size or relocate to higher‑productivity destinations (including retail
      parks), consolidated selectively where economics were weaker, and invested in a small number of
      destination stores to anchor regional presence and elevate brand expression - exemplified by the strong
      opening of our Trafford Centre flagship in Manchester, JD's largest store globally. This programme, which
      is iterative and data‑led, is designed to raise sales productivity per store and sharpen the brand
      proposition in each catchment over time.
  •   In Asia Pacific, JD opened 13 new stores in Australia, New Zealand, Thailand and Malaysia, including a
      flagship store in Melbourne, extending our reach in the region. Execution improved with better access to
      exclusives, a more agile marketing mix, and a step‑change in peak fulfilment from our automated DC in
      Australia. The region exited the year with positive LFL sales momentum and continued to build share in
      targeted categories and demographics.
  •   To further grow the JD brand in other strategic markets, we have made great strides in developing our
      franchise model. The advantages of this model include collaborating with our experienced partners to
      leverage their local knowledge and relationships, while also benefiting from low capital expenditure
      requirements. As of year-end we had 42 JD brand franchise stores (FY25: 23), comprising eight franchise
      stores in the Middle East, eight in South Africa, and 23 in Indonesia. We also signed a franchise
      agreement in the Philippines in March 2025, opening three stores in FY26. We remain committed to
      exploring further opportunities in other new and fast-growing markets across the world.
  •   Looking ahead to FY27: We will (i) reinforce JD's growing brand awareness in North America with
      targeted investments to lift and generate additional awareness and grow conversion, (ii) elevate
      womenswear and overall apparel sales penetration in stores and regions where under‑represented, (iii)
      complete the remaining productive standalone Finish Line store conversions to JD (approximately half of
      the 174 remaining), and (iv) keep a disciplined focus on store productivity and, in the UK, 'fewer, bigger,
      better' locations - investing where returns are proven, and optimising in locations where economics are
      less compelling. In Europe, we have refined our plan for the JD fascia and will direct future investment on
      the countries where we see most runway for profitable growth - being France, Iberia, Italy, Benelux,
      Ireland, Greece and Poland - where we have a leading market position to drive scale, efficiency and
      profitability. We have commenced a restructuring programme in Germany, and will also optimise and
      improve JD's operations in Eastern Europe.




Complementary Concepts
                                                                                                         12
Our complementary athleisure concepts extend our reach within the global sports fashion market, driving
broader customer penetration. These include Hibbett, DTLR and Shoe Palace in North America, together with our
businesses in Europe - MIG (Eastern Europe) and Courir. In addition, we also operate sporting goods
businesses through ISRG (Sprinter in Spain and Sport Zone in Portugal) and Cosmos (Greece and Cyprus), as
well as our outdoor businesses in the UK (including Go Outdoors, Blacks and Millets).

In FY26 we exited a net of 101 stores, taking the total Complementary Concepts portfolio to 2,723 globally.

Highlights in FY26 included:




  •   In North America, integration work across Hibbett and our other fascias including JD progressed well,
      supported by procurement, technology and supply chain & logistics efficiencies. We are on track to deliver
      annualised cost synergies of over US$25m across FY26 and FY27. We advanced the transfer of City
      Gear (acquired alongside Hibbett in 2024) to DTLR and Shoe Palace, simplifying the portfolio and
      sharpening each fascia's role. Together with JD and our Finish Line corners within Macy's, the North
      American portfolio spans a complementary mix of formats - from flagship malls to community locations -
      allowing us to serve a broad range of geographies and demographics with differentiated propositions.
      During the year, our fascias leaned into more brands, more styles and trends (e.g., more performance and
      streetwear apparel) to balance category exposure, and also drove more data‑informed assortment and
      allocation decisions by door.
  •   In Europe, Courir added significant insight into female sneaker preferences across multiple markets and
      broadened our addressable customer base, while maintaining omni-channel breadth and disciplined
      ranging in a more promotional environment. Courir's performance since acquisition in November 2024 has
      been resilient but challenged, given the tough market backdrop (especially in its home market of France)
      and strong comparatives in women's footwear. We see the potential to further develop Courir in Europe by
      leveraging our existing infrastructure and, during the year, the business successfully entered Italy, with
      five stores in operation as of year-end. Our Sporting Goods businesses - ISRG (Iberia) and Cosmos
      (Greece and Cyprus) - provided diversification and stability, seeing resilient demand in FY26 across family
      and performance categories as well as attractive, measured new‑store economics, supporting selective
      expansion. During the year we commenced a programme to focus and improve our Eastern Europe
      (MIG) operations.
  •   In the UK, our Outdoor business navigated a tough trading environment. The business re‑platformed its
      core websites at pace (helping to restore online growth), improved its stock health and commenced
      portfolio simplification, all contributing to a more robust operational footing for FY27.
  •   Looking ahead to FY27: Our focus within Complementary Concepts is on targeted portfolio actions that
      strengthen returns and simplify execution. We will (i) commence a programme to raise Hibbett's sales
      productivity through optimising its store footprint, (ii) accelerate the conversion of City Gear into DTLR
      and Shoe Palace, building on the encouraging progress to-date, (iii) advance the improvement of our
      operations in Eastern Europe (MIG), and (iv) advance the simplification of our Outdoor business portfolio
      in the UK.



Beyond Physical Retail

We made solid progress in FY26 in modernising the Group's supply chain, technology and data backbone to
support faster and more consistent innovation, and better customer outcomes. Highlights included:




  •   In North America, we re-platformed our e-commerce channels for JD and Finish Line in the US earlier
      in FY26. Feedback from the deployment highlighted tangible improvements in site speed, search and
      campaign tagging, enabling quicker iteration and better measurement. The plan remains for the UK and
                                                                                                    13
      the rest of Europe (with Italy also having gone live in FY26) to complete migrations later in FY27.
  •   We shifted artificial intelligence (AI) from enablement to practical deployment and utilisation across the
      Group, focusing on initiatives that enhance the customer proposition, sharpen decision‑making and drive
      efficiency. During the year, we laid the foundations to enable customers in the US to discover and
      purchase JD products directly through AI platforms such as Copilot, Gemini and ChatGPT, while also
      investing in the optimisation of our content to improve JD's discoverability within these environments as
      AI‑led shopping journeys begin to scale. Furthermore, teams across the business applied AI to priority use
      cases, including improving store traffic and conversion, optimising merchandising decisions (such as
      stock rebalancing and markdown timing), reducing returns through better size and fit recommendations,
      and automating manual activity across functions including finance, HR, property and customer service.
      Many of these initiatives are already live or in pilot, aiming to deliver tangible benefits through improved
      availability, sharper ranging and pricing decisions, faster fulfilment, lower operating costs and improved
      productivity.
  •   In supply chain, we are starting to see improved store replenishment speed and inventory productivity for
      JD Europe, following the ramp-up of automation at our new Heerlen distribution centre (DC) in the
      Netherlands. Our temporary DC in Belgium closed at the end of January 2026. In APAC, our fully
      automated Leppington DC supported stronger peak performance, improving stock availability in store and
      setting the foundation for further cost efficiency as volumes scale. North America continued evolving
      towards multi-fascia capabilities (at both Morgan Hill and Alabaster), enabling improvements in speed for
      store replenishment and online fulfilment. These upgrades enabled us to expand ship-from-store and
      enhance click-and-collect performance across several markets, improving convenience while unlocking
      levers for improved inventory turns.
  •   In data and loyalty, we focused on scaling JD STATUS across our regions in FY26. The programme has
      9.4m active members globally, with very strong engagement in the US where 5.7m active members
      generated c.40% of omni-channel sales for JD and Finish Line, and delivered +21% higher sales value
      compared to non-members. In the UK and Europe, 3.7m active members generated around
      approximately one third of sales, delivering +25% higher sales value compared to non-members. In the
      UK, where we are at our most advanced on the STATUS programme, tests of personalisation and
      targeted campaign activity in FY26 showed strong early results.
  •   Looking ahead to FY27: Our priorities centre on accelerating our global digital and operational
      development. We will (i) extend our e-commerce re-platforming programme to the UK and the wider JD
      Europe region, building on the successful launches in North America, South-East Asia and Italy, (ii) scale
      the most impactful AI initiatives at pace, embedding AI into day-to-day ways of working, and delivering
      measurable improvements in sales, gross margin and opex efficiency, (iii) advance supply chain
      modernisation through the continued ramp-up of automation in our new Heerlen DC (as a reminder, we
      expect over £20m of cost benefits across FY27 and FY28 as technology and supply chain double-running
      costs unwind), and (iv) accelerate the use of our strengthened data assets to enhance customer
      segmentation, sharpen targeting and personalisation, and drive more disciplined commercial execution.



People, Partners & Communities

We continued to strengthen our people foundation and community impact in FY26, focusing on colleague
engagement & inclusion, community programmes and environmental progress across our global footprint.
Highlights included:




  •   Colleague engagement and capability: Our c.96k colleagues across the world are central to JD's
      performance and culture. Adoption of JD Now, our global communications platform, now exceeds 90%
      across deployed markets, improving operational rhythm and knowledge-sharing in a youthful workforce,
      where 73% of colleagues are under the age of 30. We also advanced the roll-out of new HR Information
      Systems, simplifying processes, widening access to learning resources, and building a more consistent
      people experience.
  •   Inclusion and workforce representation: Our inclusion approach continued to mature and improve, as
      measured by our third global annual engagement survey carried out in October 2025. For example, "I can
      be myself at work" scores rose from 82% (FY24) to 89% (FY26). We deepened our work on 'women in
                                                                                                    14
      retail leadership', aiming to remove gender bias in job adverts, and better catering towards a
      multi-generational workforce. Neuro-inclusion became a major focus given rising Gen Z self-identification
      and its relevance across our demographic profile. A global neuro-diversity toolkit will roll out from Q127
      across all our regions.
  •   Community impact: Our immersive and industry-leading careers experience, JD UP, which gives young
      people insights into the different roles that make up a global retailer, expanded its reach in FY26, hosting
      its first European careers event in Madrid with over 2,500 young people attending. For our flagship event
      in Manchester in February 2026, we engaged over 10,000 young people, supported by over 500
      colleagues from the UK, Europe and North America. We also marked 10 years of the JD Foundation in
      the UK, raising £500k at the anniversary gala. In the US, the JD Finish Line Foundation delivered a record
      US$925k through its Back-to-School campaign, supporting education, sport and mentoring programmes
      nationally.
  •   Environment and climate progress: We again achieved CDP 'A List' status and secured an 'A' rating on
      the CDP Supplier Engagement Assessment, reflecting ongoing leadership in transparency and
      value-chain climate action. We extended our renewable-energy procurement to Australia and Greece and
      maintained Zero Waste to Landfill accreditation at our largest UK and southern European DC and office
      locations, evidencing continued progress in waste reduction and recycling.
  •   Looking ahead to FY27: Our priorities are to (i) embed our inclusion agenda more deeply with a global
      neuro‑inclusion focus, supported by new toolkits and expanded data gathering, (ii) continue to scale youth
      and community programmes in key regions, particularly through JD UP, and (iii) strengthen global
      consistency in our people approach by aligning inclusion frameworks across our regions, and improving
      measurement to drive clearer accountability.




Updated capital allocation framework, and returns to shareholders

The Board recognises the Group's strong and increasingly cash generative profile, and has therefore updated its
capital allocation framework to reflect its ongoing commitment to provide sustainable, attractive returns to
shareholders. Supported by a strong balance sheet and a disciplined approach to net leverage, targeting levels
broadly in line with investment grade standards, our capital allocation priorities are to:




  •   Reinvest in the business where economic returns are attractive: to organic and/or 'bolt-on' inorganic
      growth opportunities that accelerate our strategy. Capital expenditure for organic investment is expected
      to normalise between c.3% to 3.5% of sales over the medium term.
  •   Maintain leverage headroom: to meet future obligations, including settlement of the Genesis put/call
      option in FY30/FY31.
  •   Pay a dividend: progressive, sustainable ordinary dividend growth, moving over time towards a more
      attractive dividend yield.
  •   Buy back shares: deploy surplus cash to share buybacks via a rolling annual share buyback programme
      of £200m.



Ordinary dividend: Reflecting the framework above, and in line with our confidence in our cash generation and
our medium-term trajectory, the Board has proposed a final dividend per share of 0.87 pence per share (FY25 final
dividend: 0.67 pence per share). This results in a proposed total dividend per share of 1.20 pence per share in
respect of FY26, which is 20% higher than the prior year (FY25: 1.00 pence per share).

The final dividend is subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting on 21 July 2026. If approved,
it will be paid on 31 July 2026 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 3 July 2026. The shares will
                                                                                                          15
go ex-dividend on 2 July 2026.

Share buybacks: The move to a rolling £200m annual buyback recognises our strong free cash flow generation,
and our confidence in its continued strength.

In addition to the ordinary dividend and the first £200m buyback programme (completed in December 2025), we
commenced another £200m share buyback programme on 23 February 2026, the first £100m tranche of which is
expected to complete in H127.



Q127 trading update

For the 12 weeks to 25 April 2026, organic sales were flat YoY, with a +2.3%pts contribution from net new space,
while LFL sales declined by 2.3%. Note that Q1 typically carries the lowest sales weighting to our financial year.
Even so, we delivered well around important consumer and product moments including Eid, Easter, US tax refund
season and key product launches, underscoring our ability to capture spend when it matters most.

Weather affected performance earlier in the quarter, with wet conditions in Southern Europe and the UK, and a
severe cold snap in the US. Trading strengthened through March with a solid performance over Eid, supported by
the successful delivery of new product launches. Trading in April was volatile, particularly in Europe and the UK,
with a solid performance over Easter but lower footfall throughout the remainder of the month, partially offset by
stronger in-store conversion and online sales. Apparel sales continue to be solid across the Group, outperforming
footwear.

The Group's gross margin % for Q127 is in line with our expectations and qualitative guidance for FY27 outlined
below.




                                              Q127: 12 weeks to 25 April
                                              Organic         Like-for-like
North America*                                 +1.4%             (0.6)%
Europe                                         (0.8)%            (4.2)%
UK                                             (3.6)%            (4.0)%
Asia Pacific                                  +12.9%             +5.2%
Group                                           Flat             (2.3)%



 * North America excluding Finish Line Q127 LFL sales: +0.4%


Outlook and FY27 guidance

JD has emerged from FY26 with a stronger operational backbone, clearer strategic focus and the discipline
needed to navigate a tougher industry backdrop. The resilience we delivered this year - through cost control, core
execution and meaningful progress on our strategic priorities - gives us the platform to further advance our
business in FY27.

As set out in our April 2025 Strategy Update, we continue to believe that the markets in which we operate are
positioned for average annual medium-term growth of 2-3%. However, in the near term, the facts and indicators
available to us today point to a period of muted market growth in FY27, shaped by a weaker spending outlook for
our core customer demographic and ongoing product cycle evolution at some of our major brand partners,
                                                                                                        16
particularly in footwear.

The Board is also mindful of broader external forces that could influence near-term market growth, including the
evolving geopolitical and macroeconomic environment and their potential impact on consumer finances and/or
sentiment. While the Group has no direct exposure to the Middle East (with only a very limited number of franchise
stores in the region) and there has been no material business impact to date, we continue to monitor the situation
closely. Over time, the potential future impacts of heightened uncertainty may contribute to direct cost pressures,
including energy and fuel costs across our store and logistics networks, respectively, as well as potential indirect
impacts on pricing and consumer demand should input cost inflation emerge.

Reflecting the uncertainty, we are providing a wider range of profit guidance than we were previously planning for
internally. Based on what we know today we anticipate profit before tax and adjusting items of £750m to
£850m in FY27, and free cash flow of £460m to £520m.

Against this backdrop, much remains within our control. Consistent with the approach outlined in our FY27
framework in January 2026, we are focused on 'controlling the controllables' and advancing our key strategic
priorities at pace. In FY27:




  •   We are accelerating initiatives across marketing, ranging, store footprint optimisation, digital, AI adoption,
      and data and loyalty to further strengthen our customer proposition and sharpen execution.
  •   We will maintain our core trading discipline, while continuing to implement controlled price investments
      (weighted more towards H127) to stay closely aligned with short-term consumer and market dynamics.
  •   We will sustain our sharp focus on cost efficiency and productivity, aiming to significantly offset underlying
      LFL opex increases in FY27.
  •   We expect the Group to continue generating significant free cash flow, supported by disciplined capex and
      strong working capital management.




Taken together, these actions ensure we remain well placed to outperform even in a more moderate growth
environment, leveraging our strengthened operating model, globally diversified footprint and multi-brand agility.

For further technical guidance on FY27, please refer to page 12.



Régis Schultz
Group Chief Executive Officer
6 May 2026




                                                                                                            17
TECHNICAL GUIDANCE FOR FY27, MEDIUM-TERM FINANCIAL PRIORITIES AND CAPITAL ALLOCATION
FRAMEWORK

Please read the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements set out on page 3 of this document.

FY27 guidance




  •       New space impact (net) on sales of c.+2% to +3% (FY26: +4.2%)
  •       Profit before tax and adjusting items (PBTAI) of £750m to £850m(1) (FY26: £852m)
  •       Gross capital expenditure of c.£400m (FY26: £401m)
  •       Free cash flow of £460m to £520m (FY26: £462m)
  •       Share buybacks of £200m (first tranche of £100m commenced on 23 February 2026)
  •       Translation FX: a one US cent move YoY impacts FY PBTAI by c.£3m and a one Euro cent move YoY
          impacts FY PBTAI by c.£2m




Medium-term financial priorities

      ·     Grow sales ahead of our markets:
           - Driven by LFL and the contribution from net new space, with the latter at c.+2%pts to +3%pts over the
               medium term

      ·    Operating margin progression:
           - Targeting operating margin(2) progression, driven by Europe and North America, and supported by multi-
               year operating cost efficiency programmes and operating cost leverage

      ·     Strong cash generation to drive growth investment and attractive shareholder returns:
           - Targeting 3-year cumulative free cash flow over FY26 to FY28 of >£1.4bn, supported by profit growth,
               disciplined capex (with gross capex trending down to c.3% to 3.5% of total sales per annum) and
               strong working capital management

Capital allocation framework




  •       Reinvest in the business where economic returns are attractive: to organic and/or 'bolt-on' inorganic
          growth opportunities that accelerate our strategy. Capital expenditure for organic investment is expected
          to normalise between c.3% to 3.5% of sales over the medium term.
  •       Maintain leverage headroom: to meet future obligations, including settlement of the Genesis put/call
          option in FY30/FY31.
  •       Pay a dividend: progressive, sustainable ordinary dividend growth, moving over time towards a more
          attractive dividend yield.
  •       Buy back shares: deploy surplus cash to share buybacks via a rolling annual share buyback programme
          of £200m.




                                                                                                           18
Footnotes
(1) FY27 PBTAI guidance assumes FX rates of GBP-USD of 1.34 and GBP-EUR of 1.15
(2) Operating margin % before adjusting items, after interest on lease liabilities




CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICERS STATEMENT


Financial Performance Report
FY26 is a 52-week period ended 31 January 2026. FY25 is a 52-week period ended 1 February 2025.


Financial Performance




                                                                               52 weeks Restated(1) Reported FX Constant FX
                                                                                  2026   52 weeks     Change      change
£m                                                                                          2025
Revenue                                                                         12,662    11,458       10.5%       11.7%
Gross profit before adjusting items*                                             5,951     5,381       10.6%       11.8%
Gross margin before adjusting items*                                             47.0%     47.0%         -            -
Operating costs before adjusting items*                                         (4,916)   (4,332)      13.5%       14.6%
Operating profit before adjusting items                                          1,035     1,049      (1.3%)        0.1%
Interest on lease liabilities                                                    (149)      (112)      33.0%       34.2%
Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on                         886        937      (5.4%)      (4.0%)
lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on                         7.0%          8.2%          (120)bps           (110)bps
lease liabilities*
Net finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities                        (34)          (14)            143%              162%
Profit before tax and adjusting items*                                             852           923            (7.7%)            (6.4%)
Adjusting items                                                                   (223)         (208)            7.2%
Profit before tax                                                                  629           715           (12.0%)

Operating profit                                                                   787           903           (12.8%)




(1)   For the prior financial period ended 1 February 2025, balances have been restated to reflect classification adjustments between cost of
      sales and selling and distribution expenses, resulting in a net £91m increase in cost of sales, with a corresponding decrease in selling
        d di t ib ti               Pl      f t N t 12 f f th d t il f th           t t     t
                                                                                                                                  19
     and distribution expenses. Please refer to Note 12 for further details of the restatement.




Throughout this release,'*' indicates the use of Alternative Performance Measures. Please refer to pages 41 to 45
for further information including reconciliations to statutory measures.


Consolidated Income Statement


Revenue
Group Revenue increased by 10.5% to £12,662m (FY25: £11,458m). At constant FX rates, revenue grew 11.7%.
Organic sales growth* of 2.1% reflected 4.2% growth from net new store space offset by a 2.1% decline in like-for-
like* ('LFL') revenue. In addition to the contribution from organic growth, 9.7% of the uplift arose due to the full year
impact of the Hibbett (£583m) and Courir (£524m) acquisitions completed in the prior year. This was partly offset
by a 0.2% reduction in revenue following the disposal of a non-core business.


Store revenue increased by 12.6% (at constant FX rates) with organic store growth* of 2.2%. This was driven by
the continued expansion of our store estate in North America and Europe, partially offset by softer trading
conditions in the UK. Online revenue increased by 8.0% (at constant FX rates) with strong growth across key
fascias in North America and Europe, strengthened by sustained investment in technology platforms and omni-
channel ranging. Total store revenue accounted for 78% of Group revenue (FY25: 78%) and online for 20.8%
(FY25: 21.4%), with year-on-year mix reflecting acquisitions of businesses with lower online penetration.


From a category perspective footwear represented 60% of revenue, apparel 30% and accessories 10%. Footwear
growth trailed the Group's 2.1% organic revenue rate, reflecting a more subdued global footwear cycle, although
the overall share remained at 60%, supported by full year contribution from Hibbett and Courir, which are more
footwear-centric than other fascias.


Apparel delivered growth (exc Hibbett and Courir) of 4.9%, ahead of the Group's organic rate, underscoring the
strength and relevance of our apparel proposition, driven by own brand and fleece categories in North America,
and strong women's performance in Europe. This performance reinforces the broad appeal of our proposition and
demonstrates our strengthening apparel momentum, offsetting a softer global footwear cycle.


Notwithstanding the strong growth in apparel, the overall mix of categories remained constant year on year,
reflecting a full year contribution from Hibbett and Courir, which are more footwear-centric than other fascias.


Gross Margin before Adjusting Items*
Total gross margin before adjusting items* was flat at 47.0% (FY25: 47.0%). Throughout the year, the Group made
controlled price investments, particularly in the online offer, to remain competitive and stay close to fast-changing
consumer dynamics. The impact of these investments on our gross margin is -30bps, which was offset by higher
marketing contributions year on year. While recognised within gross margin for accounting purposes, these
contributions are managed operationally to support marketing investment within operating expenses.


Operating Costs before Adjusting Items*
Operating costs before adjusting items* increased 13.5% to £4,916m. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and
                                                                                                              20
disposals and newly opened stores, and at constant FX rates, costs grew 0.4%.


On an underlying basis, with marketing contributions netted off against marketing costs rather than recognised
within cost of sales, operating expenses were down 0.2%.


Despite a backdrop of significant cost inflation, particularly across people, property and distribution, we have been
able to mitigate the impact through disciplined cost management. This includes labour efficiencies delivered
across both stores and head office, supported by improved scheduling and productivity initiatives. In addition, we
have realised operational synergies across the Group, including in North America. As a result, underlying cost
growth
has remained well controlled.


The overall increase in operating costs is driven by structural factors. £183m of the increase relates to the
operating costs associated with new store space, reflecting our continued investment in our store estate. In
addition, £432m reflects the annualisation of costs from Hibbett and Courir following their acquisition in the prior
year.


A breakdown of operating costs before adjusting items* is shown in the table below.




                                                                                                                    Restated(1)
                                                                                             52 weeks to           52 weeks to
                                                                                              31 January           1 February           Change
£m                                                                                                   2026                 2025                %
Selling and distribution expenses                                                                  (4,388)              (3,842)             14%
Administrative expenses before adjusting items                                                       (560)                (520)              8%
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees                                                            -                    5          (100)%
Other operating income                                                                                  32                   25             28%
Operating costs before adjusting items                                                             (4,916)              (4,332)             13%




(1) For the prior financial period ended 1 February 2025, balances have been restated to reflect classification adjustments between cost of

    sales and selling and distribution expenses, resulting in a net £91m increase in cost of sales, with a corresponding decrease in selling and

    distribution expenses. Please refer to Note 12 for further details of the restatement.



Net Finance Expense before Adjusting Items*
Net finance expense before adjusting items* in the period was £183m. Interest on lease liabilities increased from
£112m to £149m, reflecting the full year impact of prior period acquisitions (Hibbett and Courir) alongside higher
discount rates applied to new and remeasured leases in the period.


Finance income was £11m (FY25: £27m), reflecting higher cash and cash equivalent balances held across the
Group prior to the Courir acquisition in November 2024 and Hibbett acquisition in July 2024.


Finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities increased from £14m to £34m, driven by a full year interest
                                                                                                        21
charge on the debt facility used to fund the Hibbett acquisition. This was partially offset by a part repayment of
$300m of the initial $1bn loan at the end of FY25 and a reduction in the interest rate year on year.




                                                                               52 weeks to     52 weeks to
                                                                                31 January      1 February Change
£m                                                                                    2026            2025      %
Interest on lease liabilities                                                         (149)           (112)   33%
Finance income                                                                           11              27 (59%)
Finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities*                               (45)            (41)   10%
Net finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities*                           (34)            (14)
Net finance expense before adjusting items*                                           (183)           (126)   45%




Operating Profit before Adjusting Items and after Interest on Lease Liabilities*
Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* of £886m (FY25: £937m) was down
4.0% at constant FX rates and down 5.4% on a reported currency basis. This was driven by lower LFL sales
together with underlying margin pressure and higher interest on lease liabilities.


Operating margin before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities decreased by 120 basis points to
7.0%, reflecting the deleveraging impact of lower LFL sales and cost inflation, partially offset by cost efficiencies
delivered
across the business.


Profit Before Tax and Adjusting Items*
Profit before tax and adjusting items* was £852m (FY25: £923m), down 6.4% at constant FX rates and 7.7% at
reported rates.


Adjusting Items
Adjusting items for the period were a net charge of £223m (FY25: net charge of £208m), as detailed in the
table below.




                                                                                          52 weeks to 52 weeks to
                                                                                           31 January 1 February
£m                                                                                               2026       2025
Acquisition related costs                                                                            -           9
Adjusting items within cost of sales                                                                 -           9
Acquisition related costs                                                                           12         36
Impairment of tangible and intangible assets and investments                                       119        112
(Gain) / loss on divestments                                                                         -       (78)
Restructuring                                                                                       16           -
                                                                                                           22
US integration                                                                                         18              5
Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                                   69             57
Provision for litigation                                                                               14              -
Foreign exchange movements                                                                              -              5
Adjusting items within administrative expenses                                                       248             137
Put and call options: movement in present value of put and call options                              (29)             62
Joint venture finance costs                                                                             4              -
Adjusting items within net finance expense                                                           (25)             62
Adjusting items                                                                                      223             208




The total charge for the period is £223m, of which £4m was a net cash outflow and £219m was a non-cash
charge. It is expected there will be a further £44m cash outflow related to these charges over the next two years,
excluding any settlement of put and call options.


Acquisition related costs: Acquisition related costs of £12m have been recognised in the period in relation to
prior period acquisitions (Hibbett and Mainline Menswear).


Impairment of tangible and intangible assets and investments: The £119m charge in the current period
reflects impairments and related costs arising from the ongoing optimisation of the Group's store estate and
international footprint. This includes £93m of impairment charges and £5 million associated costs in respect of
stores impacted by the Group's strategic review and store closure programme in certain markets, £15m relating to
the impairment of the Sizeer fascia, and £5m of costs associated with the exit of the Derby Distribution Centre
lease in FY26 following its closure in FY25.


Store impairment charges of £93m have been recognised in the period along with £5 million associated closure
costs, directly reflecting the Group's strategic restructuring of the store portfolio. This includes £63m in Europe and
£28m relating to Hibbett. As outlined in the CEO report, we are maintaining a disciplined focus on store
productivity, including a shift towards 'fewer, bigger, better' locations in the UK, alongside targeted optimisation of
underperforming stores across Europe. In Hibbett, the charge reflects the planned closure of lower volume, remote
stores with a legacy sporting goods offer, which are not aligned with the Group's strategy to improve overall store
productivity and optimise the store portfolio over the next three years.


The impairment charge arises from updated future cash flow assumptions following the strategic review to ensure
that store asset carrying values are aligned to expected future performance. The charge is non-cash.


The prior period charge of £112m included significant impairments and closure costs relating to the Derby
Distribution Centre and the initial phase of the European store estate review, forming part of the wider European
strategy review that has continued into the current year and is reflected in the European impairment charges noted
above.


Restructuring: As a result of the optimisation of stores in Europe referenced above, restructuring costs of £16m
have been recognised in the current period (FY25: £Nil). This comprises £16m relating to provisions associated
with the closure of stores in Germany and the restructuring of the operating model, including support functions, as
part of the Group's wider store and cost optimisation programme.


                                                                                                             23
US integration: Integration costs of £18m have been recognised in the current period (FY25: £5m) in relation to
the integration of the Group's North American businesses following the acquisition of Hibbett. This forms part of a
multi-year programme to create an integrated platform to support the nationwide growth of the JD Brand and
Complementary Athleisure fascias in North America, supported by a more efficient supply chain and back office
infrastructure. We are on track to deliver annualised cost synergies of $25m across FY26 and FY27.


Amortisation of acquired intangibles: Amortisation of acquired intangibles of £69m (FY25: £57m) has been
presented as an adjusting item, consistent with the updated policy introduced in the prior year. This has increased
year on year due to the annualisation impact of the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions.


Provision for litigation: During the period, the Group recognised a provision of £14m in respect of a regulatory
matter relating to historical employment practices in the US. The Group has already taken actions in prior periods
to strengthen its compliance framework in the relevant areas, including enhancements to policies, processes and
governance.


Gain on divestments: There is no net gain or loss on divestments recognised in the current period. During the
year, the Group disposed of its 77.5% equity interest in Wheelbase Lakeland Limited with nil gain or loss on
disposal.


This compares with a £78m gain in the prior year, which primarily arose on the partial disposal of the Group's
shareholding in Applied Nutrition.


Put and call options: A £29m net credit has been recognised, reflecting the movement in the present value of put
and call options over non-controlling interests ('NCIs'). This comprises a £44m credit in respect of Genesis Topco
Inc ('Genesis'), the holding company for the Group's North American businesses, and a £15m charge in relation to
Cosmos.
The amendment to the Genesis shareholders' agreement in March 2025, which deferred the exercise profile of the
options to 2029 and 2030, represents a material change in the period. The resulting credit reflects the impact of
this new agreement, updated forecasts for the underlying business, and movements in the USD/GBP exchange
rate, which together have reduced the Sterling value of the option liability.


The Cosmos charge reflects an increase in the valuation of the option liability, driven by updated valuation
assumptions. As at the year end, the put and call option was exercisable by either party within 12 months.


This compares with a £62m charge in the prior year, which was driven by a significant increase in valuation
following the acquisition of Hibbett.


Joint venture finance costs: This comprises £4m in relation to the Group's exit from its JD Israel joint venture,
following the disposal of its interest to its joint venture partner for nil consideration.


Operating Profit
Whilst revenue increased and gross margin remained stable, operating profit declined from £903m to £787m, due
to a £102m increase in adjusting items charged within operating profit.


Profit Before Tax
                                                                                                         24
Profit before tax was £629m (FY25: £715m), reflecting a reduction in operating profit of £116m, an increase in net
finance expense before adjusting items of £57m, and the positive movement of £87m in the net finance expense
charged to adjusting items due to the movement in the present value of put and call options over NCIs.


Income Tax Expense
The income tax expense for the period was £161m (FY25: £175m). The effective tax rate increased from 24.5% to
25.6%, reflecting the absence of non‑recurring tax credits relating to prior periods and non‑taxable income on the
disposal of shares in Applied Nutrition that were recognised in FY25.


The income tax expense before adjusting items* for the period was £211m (FY25: £222m). The adjusted effective
tax rate* increased from 24.1% to 24.8%, reflecting the absence of non-recurring tax credit relating to prior periods.


Profits Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests
Profit attributable to NCIs fell £18m from £50m in FY25 to £32m in FY26. This is due to the lower amount of profit
being generated from the Genesis Group. The only material NCI left in the Group at the end of the period is the
20% in Genesis.


Earnings per Share
On a statutory basis, basic earnings per ordinary share fell from 9.50p to 8.63p due to the 12.0% reduction in profit
before tax and an increase in the effective tax rate, partly offset by a decrease in weighted average shares in issue
following the £200m share buybacks in the period.


Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share* fell 5.5% from 12.39p to 11.71p driven by lower profit before tax and
adjusting items attributable to the parent, together with a higher adjusted effective tax rate. These impacts were
partly offset by a lower weighted average number of shares and a reduction in profit attributable to NCIs.


Segmental Report
A performance summary of the three reportable segments in the Group can be seen in the table below.




                                                                                                              Sporting
                                                                                      Complementary             Goods
FY26 (£m)                                                         Total            JD     Athleisure         & Outdoor
Revenue                                                         12,662          7,945          3,208              1,509
Gross profit                                                      5,951         3,779          1,500                672
Gross margin                                                     47.0%         47.6%          46.7%              44.5%
Operating costs before adjusting items*                         (4,916)       (3,115)        (1,224)              (577)
Interest on lease liabilities                                     (149)         (102)            (33)               (14)
Operating profit before adjusting items after interest              886           562           243                  81
on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on         7.0%          7.1%              7.6%            5.4%
lease liabilities*


                                                                                                              Sporting
                                                                                     Complementary              Goods
FY25 as restated(1) (£m)                                         Total            JD     Athleisure          & Outdoor
                                                                                                             25
Revenue                                                                 11,458         7,798          2,165          1,495
Gross profit before adjusting items*                                      5,381        3,742            976            663
Gross margin before adjusting items*                                     47.0%        48.0%          45.1%          44.3%
Operating costs before adjusting items*                                 (4,332)      (2,997)          (763)          (572)
Interest on lease liabilities                                             (112)          (81)           (19)           (12)
Operating profit before adjusting items after interest                      937          664            194              79
on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on                 8.2%         8.5%           9.0%           5.3%
lease liabilities*
     (1)   Please see Note 12 for further details of the restatement.




                                                                                                                Sporting
                                                                                            Complementary         Goods
Change (at reported rates)                                                  Total        JD     Athleisure     & Outdoor
Revenue                                                                   10.5%        1.9%         48.2%           0.9%
Gross margin before adjusting items*                                            -   (40)bps        160bps          20bps
Operating costs before adjusting items*                                   13.5%        3.9%         60.4%           0.9%
Operating profit before adjusting items after interest                    (5.4%)    (15.5%)         25.3%           2.5%
on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on               (120)bps    (140)bps       (140)bps         10bps
lease liabilities*


                                                                                                                Sporting
                                                                                             Complementary        Goods
Change (at constant currency)                                               Total         JD     Athleisure    & Outdoor
Revenue                                                                   11.7%         2.8%         53.0%         (0.3%)
Gross margin before adjusting items*                                            -    (40)bps        170bps         20bps
Operating costs before adjusting items*                                   14.6%         4.8%         65.2%         (0.2%)
Operating profit before adjusting items after interest                    (4.0%)     (14.5%)         30.6%           0.0%
on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on               (120)bps    (140)bps       (130)bps          0bps
lease liabilities*




JD
JD segment revenue increased to £7,945m, representing growth of 1.9% compared with the prior period, 2.8% at
constant FX rates. Organic revenue growth of 2.9%, was driven by net new space growth of 5.7%, partially offset
by a 2.8% decline in like-for-like revenue*. Growth was driven by the ongoing expansion of JD's international store
base, with 165 new stores opened including 54 relocations during the period, of which 67 were in North America
and 68 in Europe, in line with our strategic focus of strengthening JD's global footprint. Gross margin decreased
from 48.0% to 47.6%, reflecting targeted price investments, particularly online, in a more promotional trading
environment.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* decreased by 15.5%, driven by LFL
pressure, targeted price investments, and with inflation and investment in supply chain, technology and systems,
offset by headcount and operating cost efficiencies to support the Group's long-term growth ambitions. This

                                                                                                               26
segment represented 63% of Group revenue (FY25: 68%), following the acquisition of Hibbett and Courir, and
remains the core focus of our JD Brand First strategy with 2,088 stores operating at the end of the period.


JD UK
The UK remains JD's most mature market. Our 'fewer, bigger, better' estate optimisation strategy continued to
enhance the quality and effectiveness of the UK store footprint, with 24 net store closures, reflecting targeted and
disciplined portfolio rationalisation. Revenue decreased by 2.1% to £2,607m, with organic sales down 1.7% and
LFL sales down 3.5%, reflecting continued pressure on our core consumer, end-of-cycle product headwinds and
strong replica trade from the Euros tournament in the prior year. Alongside this, continued investment in a small
number of
destination stores to anchor regional presence and deliver an elevated brand proposition was demonstrated by the
successful opening of our largest global flagship store at the Trafford Centre in Manchester, UK.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* decreased by 5.5%, largely due to
operating cost deleverage impacts.


JD Gyms delivered another period of growth, with revenue up 11.0% to £136m. The business opened its 100th
gym during the year and ended the period with 102 gyms in operation (FY25: 92).


JD Europe
Revenue increased by 9.5% to £2,408m (7.3% at constant FX rates), supported by new store openings, growing
brand awareness and continued online growth, against a tough market and competitive backdrop, and varying
country dynamics. Organic revenue grew 7.3%, with growth of 9.9% from net new space partly offset by -2.6% in
LFL performance, with strong momentum in apparel, expansion of omni‑channel capabilities including ship-from
store and click-and-collect, offset by lower footfall year on year and a softer footwear product cycle.


JD strengthened its presence across key European markets, opening 51 net new stores, while maintaining a focus
on product assortment, space productivity, and full price sell‑through in an increasingly competitive landscape.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities increased by 7.3% (at constant FX
rates), benefiting from cost efficiencies across retail, online and supply chain operations, including the roll-out of
automation at the Heerlen Distribution Centre, which now supports JD Europe store replenishment.


Store impairment charges of £63m have been recognised in the period within adjusting items, reflecting the
Group's ongoing strategic optimisation of the European store portfolio. In addition, restructuring charges of £16m
have been recognised in Germany in relation to actions underway to refine the operating model.


Looking ahead, the Group is concentrating investment on markets with the greatest potential for profitable growth -
including France, Iberia, Italy, Benelux, Ireland, Greece and Poland - while progressing restructuring in Germany
and optimising store catchments in France and Eastern Europe.


JD North America
JD North America revenue decreased by 1.3% to £2,403m but grew 2.9% at constant FX rates. Organic revenue
growth of 2.9% was driven by net new space of 5.7% from 107 net store openings, (including conversions),
partially offset by a 2.9% decline in LFL. JD's brand awareness strengthened in the US as we advanced the
                                                                                                            27
ongoing conversion programme from Finish Line to JD. Excluding Finish Line, JD North America LFL revenue
increased by 3.1%. An enhanced e-commerce experience following the re-platforming of JD and Finish Line earlier
in the period drove online growth. This was supported by strong performance in apparel, where the JD product
assortment resonated well with consumers, driven by improved online ranging, targeted marketing and controlled
price investments. In footwear, momentum in running together with successful retro launches helped balance
softer demand across certain end‑of‑cycle product lines.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* declined by 29% at constant FX on the
prior period, reflecting the margin pressures and continued investment to strengthen the long‑term positioning of
JD in the North American market.


JD Asia Pacific
Revenue grew 5.2% to £527m, representing growth of 8.5% at constant FX rates. This reflected net space growth
of 8.1% from 13 new store openings, including a flagship store in Melbourne, alongside LFL growth of 0.4%.
Performance was supported by growth in targeted categories and demographics, driven by improved access to
exclusive product and broad‑based category growth. Continued benefits from the roll-out of new e‑commerce
platforms further supported trading, complemented by enhanced peak fulfilment capability following the
introduction of automation at our distribution centre in Australia.


Complementary Athleisure
During the period, the Group renamed its 'Complementary Concepts' reporting segment to 'Complementary
Athleisure' to better reflect the nature of the businesses included within the segment. There was no change to the
composition of the reportable segments or to previously reported segment financial information.


Complementary Athleisure comprises our Community business in North America (Hibbett plus City Specialists,
DTLR and Shoe Palace); Courir in Europe; and our non-JD fascia stores across Eastern and Central Europe.


Revenue was £3,208m, up 48.2% on the prior period (+53% at constant FX rates), driven by the full year
contribution from the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions. Integration across Hibbett and our wider North American
fascias continued to progress well, supported by procurement, technology and supply chain efficiencies.


In North America, Community revenue growth reflected the annualisation of the Hibbett acquisition. Organic
revenue growth* of 3.7% was driven by 4.0% growth from net new space, including the transfer of City Gear stores
to DTLR and Shoe Palace, partly offset by -0.3% in LFL performance. Online trading performed strongly across
fascias, underpinned by successful retro launches, an expanded brand proposition and sustained apparel growth.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* was £210m, up 8.8% (14.1% at
constant FX rates), driven by the annualisation of the Hibbett acquisition and the continued integration across the
US fascias, resulting in cost synergies.


Store impairment charges of £28m have been recognised in the period within adjusting items, reflecting the
Group's ongoing optimisation of the Hibbett store portfolio. We continue to maintain a disciplined focus on store
productivity, with actions taken to close smaller stores in underperforming locations and prioritise new larger stores
in locations with stronger sale productivity potential.


                                                                                                            28
Revenue in our Complementary business in Europe increased 132% to £832m (125% in constant FX rates),
following the acquisition of Courir in November 2024.


Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* increased 357% to £33m (300% in
constant FX rates), driven by the annualisation of the Courir acquisition.


Sporting Goods and Outdoors
Revenue in Sporting Goods grew 5.7% to £1,006m (3.7% at constant FX rates), supported by resilient demand
across family and performance categories. Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease
liabilities* increased by 15.3% (12.2% at constant FX rates), driven by efficiencies across the supply chain and
distribution centres.


Outdoors revenue was £502m, down 7.6% on the prior period. Whilst the consistently dry, warm weather
supported camping categories, it negatively impacted demand for apparel and footwear. LFL sales declined 5.8%,
reflecting a challenging trading environment across high-street locations and online. Online delivery costs, higher
store repair expenses and rising utility costs contributed to an operating loss before adjusting items and after
interest on lease liabilities* of £3m.


Store impairment charges of £7m have been recognised in the period within adjusting items, reflecting a strategic
review of the Outdoors store estate. As part of this review, a number of underperforming locations within the
Blacks fascia have been identified for exit over the medium term. This forms part of a broader strategic plan to
optimise the portfolio, with an increased focus on larger format Go Outdoors stores and more prominent high
street locations.


Geographical Report
A performance summary of the four geographic segments in the Group can be seen in the table below.




                                                                               North                           Asia
FY26 (£m)                                                    Total           America     Europe      UK      Pacific
Revenue                                                     12,662             4,779      4,246    3,110        527
Operating profit before adjusting items after                  886               353        205      268         60
interest on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after                7.0%              7.4%        4.8%    8.6%       11.4%
interest on lease liabilities*
Number of stores                                             4,811             2,519      1,562     615          115




                                                                                 North                         Asia
FY25 (£m)                                                            Total     America    Europe      UK     Pacific
                                                                                                       29
Revenue                                                           11,458         4,242      3,510       3,205        501
Operating profit before adjusting items after                        937           418        160         297         62
interest on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after                       8.2%          9.9%       4.6%       9.3%       12.3%
interest on lease liabilities*
Number of stores                                                   4,850         2,504      1,579        665         102




                                                                                North                               Asia
Change                                                             Total     America      Europe          UK      Pacific
Revenue*                                                          10.5%         12.7%      21.0%      (3.0%)        5.2%
Operating profit before adjusting items after                     (5.4%)      (15.6%)      28.1%      (9.4%)      (3.2%)
interest on lease liabilities*
Operating margin before adjusting items after                  (120)bps      (250)bps      20bps     (70)bps      (90)bps
interest on lease liabilities*
Number of stores                                                    (39)           15        (17)        (50)         13




The expansion of the Group's operations in North America, following the acquisition in Hibbett and investment in
new stores has resulted in it now representing the largest geographic area from both a Revenue* and Operating
profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* perspective, being 38% and 40% respectively.


Free Cash Flow
A summary cash flow, showing how the change in cash and cash equivalents(1) is calculated, can be seen in the
table below.




                                                                                                            Restated(1)
                                                                                                52 weeks 52 weeks to
                                                                                                        to 1 February
£m                                                                                             31 January         2025
                                                                                                     2026
Profit before tax                                                                                      629         715
Add back impairments of tangible, intangible assets and investments                                    130         125
Add back other non-cash adjusting items                                                                 62         109
Add back cash adjusting items                                                                             4           -
Add back non-lease net finance expense                                                                    9           -
Less profit on disposal of associates                                                                     -        (75)
Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets                                                    966         786
Repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                  (508)       (420)
Other(1)                                                                                                17           27
Operating cash flow net of lease repayments                                                         1,309        1,267
Change in working capital                                                                            (248)       (137)
Capital expenditure                                                                                  (401)       (515)
Acquisition of non-current assets(1)                                                                  (12)         (19)
                                                                                                            30
Income taxes paid                                                                                                        (165)           (243)
Non-lease net interest paid(1)                                                                                            (21)             (14)
Free cash flow(1)                                                                                                          462             339
Cash outflow on adjusting items                                                                                             (4)               -
Repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                       (463)           (501)
Drawdown of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                          407             865
Payment of arrangement fees on refinancing                                                                                  (7)               -
Acquisition of subsidiaries and NCI                                                                                           -        (1,157)
Cash consideration of disposals                                                                                               -              95
Cash received under shareholder arrangements relating to a subsidiary                                                       11                -
Equity dividends paid                                                                                                     (52)             (48)
Share buyback programme                                                                                                  (201)                -
Change in cash and cash equivalents(2)                                                                                     153           (407)
Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the period(2)                                                                    695           1,102
Foreign exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                                                      (12)                0
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period(2)                                                                      836             695




(1)   The Group has updated its cash flow KPI from operating cash flow net of lease repayments to free cash flow. As a result, acquisition of
      non-current assets and non-lease net interest paid are now presented as separate line items within free cash flow (previously included
      within 'Other' operating cash flows in FY25). Prior year comparatives have been represented for comparability, however, there is no net
      impact on free cash flow or the metric under its previous title.
(2)   Cash and cash equivalents equates to the cash and cash equivalents presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, as
      reconciled in Note 8.




Profit before tax was £629m (FY25: £715m). The £86m decrease vs. the prior period is explained above.


Non-cash add backs of impairments and adjusting items are explained above.


Lease liability repayments increased 21% to £508m, reflecting the full year impact of lease payments associated
with prior year acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir, together with ongoing investment in new stores and supply chain
infrastructure.


Total depreciation and amortisation was £966m (£562m on right-of-use assets and £404m on owned assets), an
increase of £180m (23%), also reflecting the full year impact of prior year acquisitions together with continued
investment in the store estate and supply chain infrastructure.


As a result, the Group operating cashflow net of lease repayments was £1,309m (FY25: £1,267m), an
improvement of 3.3% on the prior period, reflecting the continued cash generative nature of the Group.


There was a working capital outflow of £248m in the period (FY25: £137m outflow), comprising an outflow of £55m
in inventory to support our new larger stores, an outflow of £84m in trade and other receivables, and an outflow of
£109m in trade and other payables, reflecting timing movements and investment in working capital to support
trading. Trade and other receivables includes a cash outflow from increases in lease related balances of £70m.


                                                                                                                                  31
Cash capital expenditure in the period was £401m, down £114m on the prior period. Investment in new store
openings reduced as we adopted a more selective approach to expanding JD fascia stores globally. Supply chain
capex also reduced, following significant investment in FY25 and prior periods to develop distribution centre
capacity across Europe, the US and Australia.




                                                                                   52 weeks to          52 weeks to
£m                                                                             31 January 2026      1 February 2025
Stores & gyms                                                                              331                  346
Supply chain infrastructure                                                                 44                  110
Technology and other                                                                        26                   59
Total capital expenditure excluding other non-current assets                               401                  515




Tax payments were £165m (FY25: £243m), reflecting the timing of payments in the prior period, particularly in the
US, together with lower taxable profits in the current period.


Free cash flow increased to £462m (FY25: £339m), reflecting strong underlying cash generation, lower capital
expenditure and reduced tax payments in the period.


Repayments of interest-bearing loans and borrowings were £463m (FY25: £501m), with drawdowns of £407m
(FY25: £865m). The movements in the current year primarily reflect in year utilisation and repayment of the
Group's Revolving Credit Facility ('RCF'), whereas the prior year included significant drawdowns to fund the
Hibbett acquisition. In addition, £7m of arrangement fees were paid in relation to the refinancing of the RCF and
the $700m Term Loan during the period.


There were no material acquisitions in the current period (FY25: £1,157m), reflecting the absence of significant
M&A activity compared with the prior period.


There were no material disposal proceeds in the current period (FY25: £95m), with the prior period including
proceeds from the partial disposal of the Group's shareholding in Applied Nutrition.


The Group received £11m in the period relating to shareholder arrangements following the disposal of a 40%
interest in its Thailand business, to a minority partner, as part of a strategic partnership to grow our business in
Thailand.


The Group paid £52m in equity dividends (FY25: £48m) and completed a £201m share buyback programme
(including transaction fees) during the period (FY25: £Nil).


As a result, the change in cash and cash equivalents was an inflow of £153m (FY25: £407m outflow). The Group
ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of £836m (FY25: £695m), maintaining a strong liquidity position,
and net cash before lease liabilities of £311m (FY25: £52m).

                                                                                                          32
On an IFRS 16 basis, the Group reported net debt of £2,827 million, including lease liabilities of £3,138 million,
equating to a net leverage ratio of 1.4x. Including the Genesis put option liability, net debt increases by £787
million, resulting in a net leverage ratio of 1.9x, which remains within the Group's investment grade parameters.
The Group continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, supported by significant liquidity headroom.




Refinancing
During the period the Group refinanced its syndicated bank borrowing facility, increasing total committed facility to
£1bn, from £700m as at 1 February 2025. The facility has a maturity date of 8 July 2030, and includes two one-
year extension options, subject to lender consent.


In addition, the Group entered into a new US Term Loan Facility Agreement with total commitments of $700m. The
new facility was drawn in full on inception and has a three-year term, maturing on 8 July 2028, followed by two
one-year extension options subject to lender consent.


The total liquidity from cash and available undrawn facilities is £1.8bn at 31 January 2026 (1 February 2025:
£1.6bn).


Acquisitions
The Group did not complete any material acquisitions in the current period.


Disposals
On 24 April 2025, the Group disposed of its 77.5% equity interest in Wheelbase Lakeland Limited for cash
consideration of £2m.


During the period, the Group disposed of a 40% interest in its Thailand business to a strategic local partner to
support the development of the business, while retaining a controlling interest. The arrangement includes put and
call options over the 40% interest, together with governance and contractual rights, which result in the Group
retaining control of the subsidiary in accordance with IFRS 10.


No material gain or loss arose on these transactions.


Capital allocation priorities, and returns to shareholders
Our Board recognises the Group's strong and increasingly cash generative profile and has therefore updated its
capital allocation policy to reflect its ongoing commitment to provide attractive returns to shareholders. Supported
by a strong balance sheet and a disciplined approach to net leverage, targeting levels broadly in line with
investment grade standards, our capital allocation priorities are as follows:




-   Reinvest in the business where economic returns are attractive: to organic and/or 'bolt-on' inorganic growth
    opportunities that accelerate our strategy. Capital expenditure for organic investment is expected to
    normalise between c.3% and 3.5% of sales over the medium term.
-   Maintain leverage headroom: to meet future obligations, including settlement of the Genesis put and call
      ti i FY30/FY31
                                                                                                          33
     option in FY30/FY31.
-    Pay a dividend: progressive ordinary dividend growth, moving over time towards a more attractive dividend
     yield.
-    Buy back shares: deploy surplus cash to share buybacks via a rolling annual share buyback programme of
     £200m.




Ordinary dividend: Reflecting the framework above, the Board intends to continue delivering progressive ordinary
dividend growth. Over time, we expect to move the Group towards a dividend yield more in line with FTSE 350
retail peers while maintaining flexibility to manage macro-economic and trading variability.


The Board has proposed a final dividend per share of 0.87 pence per share (FY25 final dividend: 0.67 pence per
share). This results in a proposed total dividend per share of 1.20 pence per share in respect of FY26, which is
20% higher than the prior year (FY25: 1.00 pence per share). The final dividend is subject to shareholder approval
at
the Annual General Meeting on 21 July 2026. If approved, it will be paid on 31 July 2026 to shareholders on the
register at close of business on 3 July 2026. The shares will go ex-dividend on 2 July 2026.


Share buybacks: The move to a rolling £200m annual buyback recognises our strong free cash flow generation,
and our confidence in its continued strength.


In addition to the ordinary dividend and the first £200m buyback programme (completed in December 2025), we
commenced another £200m share buyback programme on 23 February 2026, the first £100m tranche of which is
expected to complete in H127.




Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Profit for the period was accompanied by a net movement in other comprehensive income, primarily driven by
foreign exchange volatility. The Group recognised a £154m loss on the translation of foreign operations, reflecting
the weakening of certain overseas currencies, primarily the US Dollar, against Sterling during the period. This
translation impact is non-cash in nature and does not affect the Group's underlying trading performance or cash
generation.


Partially offsetting this, the Group recorded a £19m fair value gain on financial instruments, relating to its
investment in Applied Nutrition, of which we hold 9.78% at period end. This gain reflects an increase in the
valuation of the investment over the period.


Consolidated statement of financial position
Total assets at period end of £9,791m are broadly consistent with the prior period £9,959m, with no significant
changes in the composition of the balance sheet in the absence of material acquisition or disposal activity during
the year.


Total liabilities are similarly stable at £6,351m (FY25: £6,587m). Movements in the period primarily reflect
underlying trading activity and normal course financing and lease movements, with no material structural changes
compared with the prior year.

                                                                                                         34
The change in net cash and cash equivalents was an inflow of £153m for reasons explained above. The Group
retained a strong balance sheet with net cash before lease liabilities* of £311m.


Post-balance sheet events
Disposal of interest in JD Israel
On 15 February 2026, the Group completed the disposal of its interest in the JD Israel joint venture to its joint
venture partner, MGS, for £Nil consideration. A provision of £4m in respect of the exit was recognised in the year.
See Note 3 for further information.


Share Buyback
As announced on 23 February 2026, the Company has commenced a further share buyback programme to
repurchase ordinary shares with a market value of up to £200m, in addition to the two £100m schemes both
completed during FY26. The purpose of the programme is to reduce share capital and, accordingly, the shares
repurchased will be cancelled or held in treasury. The first tranche of £100m will complete by 31 July 2026, with
the second following thereafter for the sum of up to £100m.


Disposal of Interest in Applied Nutrition
In March and April 2026, the Group reduced its shareholding from 9.78% to 9.1% through a series of partial
disposals, generating proceeds of approximately £2m. On 16 April 2026, the Group disposed of its remaining 9.1%
shareholding for cash proceeds of £49m.



Consolidated Income Statement
For the 52 weeks ended 31 January 2026




                                                                  52 weeks to 31 January 2026             Restated(1) 52 weeks to 1 February 2025

                                                              Profit before                               Profit before
                                                                 adjusting    Adjusting      Profit for      adjusting     Adjusting      Profit for
                                                                      items       items     the period            items        items     the period
                                                     Note                £m         £m              £m               £m          £m              £m

Revenue                                               2           12,662              -         12,662        11,458                -      11,458
Cost of sales                                                    (6,711)              -         (6,711)      (6,077)             (9)       (6,086)
Gross profit                                                       5,951              -          5,951         5,381             (9)        5,372
Selling and distribution expenses                                (4,388)              -         (4,388)      (3,842)                -      (3,842)
Administrative expenses                               3             (560)        (248)           (808)          (520)         (137)          (657)
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees                             -           -               -              5              -               5
Other operating income                                                 32             -             32             25               -           25
Operating profit                                                   1,035         (248)             787         1,049          (146)            903
Finance income                                                         11             -             11             27               -           27
Finance expenses                                      3             (194)           25           (169)          (153)           (62)         (215)
Net finance expense                                                 (183)           25           (158)          (126)           (62)         (188)
Profit before tax                                                     852        (223)             629            923         (208)            715
Income tax expense                                    4             (211)           50           (161)          (222)            47          (175)
Profit for the period                                                 641        (173)             468            701         (161)            540
Attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                       436                                         490
Attributable to non-controlling interest                                                            32                                          50
Basic earnings per ordinary share                     5                                          8.63p                                      9.50p
Diluted earnings per ordinary share                   5                                          8.54p                                      9.50p


                                                                                                                                  35
     (1) Please refer to Note 12 for further details of the restatement.




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the 52 weeks ended 31 January 2026




                                                                                                 52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                             31 January 2026    1 February 2025
                                                                                                         £m                 £m

Profit for the period                                                                                  468                540
Other comprehensive income:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the Consolidated Income Statement:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                            (154)                  28
Items that won't be reclassified subsequently to the Consolidated Income Statement:
Fair value movement on financial investments                                                             19                  4
Total other comprehensive (expense)/income for the period                                            (135)                  32
Total comprehensive income for the period (net of income tax)                                          333                572
Attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                           337                514
Attributable to non-controlling interest                                                                (4)                 58




The accompanying notes form part of the announcement.


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 January 2026




                                                                                                      As at              As at
                                                                                                 31 January         1 February
                                                                                                       2026             2025(1)
                                                                                      Note              £m                 £m

Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                                                    2,161              2,369
Property, plant and equipment                                                                        1,488              1,490
Investment properties                                                                                    -                  3
Right-of-use assets                                                                                  2,759              2,813
Other assets                                                                                            78                 71
Investment in joint venture                                                                              1                  1
Other investments                                                                                       57                 38
Trade and other receivables                                                                              1                  1
Deferred tax assets                                                                                     34                 32
Total non-current assets                                                                             6,579              6,818
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                          2,017              2,021
Trade and other receivables                                                                            298                277
Income tax receivables                                                                                  43                 55
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              854                731
Current assets excluding held-for-sale                                                               3,212              3,084
Assets held-for-sale                                                                                     -                 57
Total current assets                                                                                 3,212              3,141

                                                                                                               36
Total assets                                                                                                                                                              9,791                      9,959
Current liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                                                                                      (32)                        (88)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                         (516)                       (493)
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                                (1,470)                     (1,583)
Put and call option liabilities                                                                                                                     6                      (39)                       (188)
Provisions                                                                                                                                                                 (40)                        (10)
Income tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                     (30)                        (20)
Current liabilities excluding held-for-sale                                                                                                                             (2,127)                     (2,382)
Liabilities held-for-sale                                                                                                                                                     -                        (50)
Total current liabilities                                                                                                                                               (2,127)                     (2,432)
Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                                                                                     (510)                       (591)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                       (2,622)                     (2,566)
Other payables                                                                                                                                                            (108)                       (145)
Put and call option liabilities                                                                                                                     6                     (816)                       (669)
Provisions                                                                                                                                                                  (50)                        (29)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                  (118)                       (155)
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                                                           (4,224)                     (4,155)
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                       (6,351)                     (6,587)
Net assets                                                                                                                                                                3,440                       3,372
Capital and reserves
Issued ordinary share capital                                                                                                                                                  3                         3
Share premium                                                                                                                                                               468                        468
Treasury reserve                                                                                                                                                            (66)                         -
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                                                                                     0                         -
Retained earnings                                                                                                                                                         2,880                      2,633
Fair value reserve of financial assets at FVOCI                                                                                                                               23                         -
Share-based payment reserve                                                                                                                                                    9                         4
Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                                                                        (27)                        91
Put and call option reserve                                                                                                                                               (300)                      (277)
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                                                                                 2,990                      2,922
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                                    450                        450
Total equity                                                                                                                                                              3,440                      3,372




       (1)     During FY26 and in the 12 months following the acquisition of Courir, new information has been obtained which provides clarity on the existence of accruals of £3 million and

              provisions of £2 million that were not reflected within the initial acquisition accounting. This information pertains to facts and circumstances that existed at the date of acquisition,

              therefore we have revised the acquisition accounting to reflect these balances in accordance with IFRS 3. This has resulted in an increase in goodwill of £5 million.



The accompanying notes form part of the announcement.


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the 52 weeks ended 31 January 2026




                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                              Fair value                                                   equity
                                                                                                              reserve of    Put and      Share-          Foreign     attributable
                                        Ordinary                                     Capital                   financial         call      based        currency       to equity           Non-
                                           share        Share      Treasury     redemption      Retained       assets at      option    payment      translation      holders of     controlling       Total
                                          capital     premium     reserve(1)        reserve     earnings          FVOCI      reserve     reserve          reserve     the parent        interest      equity
                                              £m           £m           £m              £m            £m             £m          £m          £m               £m              £m             £m          £m
Balance at 3 February 2024                       3        468               -               -      2,214                -    (302)             3              71          2,457             412 2,869
Profit for the period                             -           -             -               -        490                -           -           -               -           490               50       540
Other comprehensive
income:
Exchange differences on                           -           -             -               -             -             -           -           -             20              20               8          28
translation of foreign
operations

Fair value movement on                            -           -             -               -            4              -           -           -               -               4               -         4
financial investments
Total comprehensive                               -           -             -               -        494                -           -           -             20            514               58       572
income for the period

Dividends to equity holders                       -           -             -               -        (48)               -           -           -               -           (48)                -      (48)
                                                                                                                                                                                       37
(Note 7)

Lapsed and disposed put              -         -        -          -    (10)    -     25    -          -      15               -     15
options held by non-
controlling interests (Note
6)

Acquisition of non-                  -         -        -          -    (17)    -       -   -          -    (17)            (16)    (33)
controlling interest
Divestment of non-                   -         -        -          -       -    -       -   -          -        -            (4)     (4)
controlling interest
Share-based payment                  -         -        -          -       -    -       -   1          -       1               -      1
charge
Balance at 1 February 2025          3      468          -          -   2,633    -   (277)   4        91    2,922            450 3,372

Profit for the period                -         -        -          -    436     -       -   -          -    436              32     468
Other comprehensive
income:
Exchange differences on              -         -        -          -       -    -       -   -   (118)      (118)            (36) (154)
translation of foreign
operations
Fair value movement on               -         -        -          -       -   19       -   -          -      19               -     19
financial investments
Total comprehensive                  -         -        -          -    436    19       -   -   (118)       337              (4)    333
income for the period
Transfer fair value                  -         -        -          -     (4)   4        -   -          -        -              -       -
movement on financial
investments
Dividends to equity holders          -         -        -          -    (52)    -       -   -          -    (52)               -    (52)
(Note 7)
Additions to put and call            -         -        -          -       -    -    (27)   -          -    (27)               -    (27)
options (Note 6)
Lapsed and disposed put              -         -        -          -     (4)    -      4    -          -        -              -       -
options held by non-
controlling interests
Treasury shares acquired in          -         -   (201)           -       -    -       -   -          -   (201)               - (201)
the period (Note 5)
Treasury shares cancelled in         -         -     135           0   (135)    -       -   -          -        -              -       -
the period
Recognition of non-                  -         -        -          -      6     -       -   -          -       6              5      11
controlling interest
Divestment of non-                   -         -        -          -       -    -       -   -          -        -            (1)     (1)
controlling interest
Share-based payment                  -         -        -          -       -    -       -   5          -       5               -      5
charge
Balance at 31 January 2026          3      468       (66)          0   2,880   23   (300)   9    (27)      2,990            450 3,440




The accompanying notes form part of the announcement


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the 52 weeks ended 31 January 2026




                                                                                                           52 weeks to       52 weeks to
                                                                                                            31 January        1 February
                                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                                Note               £m                £m

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit after taxation                                                                                               468             540
Adjustments reconciling profit after tax to operating cash flows                                               1,235               1,084
Cash generated from operations                                                                   9             1,703               1,624
Interest paid                                                                                                       (32)            (41)
Lease interest paid                                                                                            (149)               (112)
Income taxes paid                                                                                              (165)               (243)
Net cash from operating activities                                                                             1,357               1,228
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received                                                                                                    11              27
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets                                                                             11               3
Acquisition of intangible assets                                                                                    (34)            (28)
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                                   (367)               (487)
Acquisition of other non-current assets                                                                             (12)            (19)
                                                                                                                       38
Dividends received from equity-accounted investees                                                                                 -               5
Cash consideration of disposals (net of cash disposed)                                                                            0                95
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired)                                                                                 -       (1,090)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                         (391)        (1,494)
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                            (463)          (501)
Drawdown of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                               407           865
Payment of arrangement fees on new financing                                                                                     (7)                -
Repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                                           (508)          (420)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                           -          (37)
Equity dividends paid                                                                                          7                (52)          (48)
Share buyback                                                                                                                 (201)                 -
Cash received on equity transactions                                                                                             11                 -
Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                         (813)          (141)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                         8                153          (407)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                       8                695          1,102
Foreign exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                                           8                (12)               0
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                             8                836           695




The accompanying notes form part of the announcement.




1. Basis of Preparation



General Information


JD Sports Fashion Plc (the 'Company') is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in England and Wales.

The Consolidated Financial Statements for the 52-week period ended 31 January 2026 represent those of the Company and its subsidiaries

(together referred to as the 'Group'). The comparative period is a 52-week period ended 1 February 2025. The financial statements were

authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 6 May 2026.



Basis of Preparation


While the financial information included in this preliminary announcement has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and

measurement criteria of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), this announcement does not itself contain sufficient information to

comply with IFRSs.



The announcement was approved by the Board of Directors on 6 May 2026. The financial information in this announcement does not constitute

the Group's statutory accounts for the periods ended 31 January 2026, or 1 February 2025.



The statutory accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026, on which the auditors have given an unqualified audit report, have not yet been

filed with the Registrar of Companies. The statutory accounts for the year ended 1 February 2025 have been delivered to the Registrar of

Companies. The auditors have reported on those accounts; their report was unqualified, did not include a reference to any matters to which the

auditors drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their report and did not contain a statement 498(2) or (3) of the Companies Act

2006.



                                                                                                                                    39
The audited Consolidated Financial Statements from which the results are extracted have been prepared under the historical cost convention in

accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards), as adopted by those parts of the Companies Act 2006 applicable to

companies reporting under IFRS. The standards used are those published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and

effective at the time of preparing these financial statements.



The Directors consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements of the Group and

Company.



Refinancing
Term Loan

On 8 July 2025 the Group entered into a new Term Loan facility for a total commitment of $700 million for the purpose of refinancing the

existing Term Loan, which was drawn for the acquisition of Hibbett Inc in July 2024. From the original Term Loan of $1 billion the balance of

$700 million was refinanced and the new facility was drawn in full. The counterparties to the new Term Loan comprise a larger syndicate of 10

banks, representing an increase on the lender group under the previous facility.



The term of the facility is three years and expires on 8 July 2028 followed by two one-year extension options subject to lender consent and the

loan is being accounted for as a three-year arrangement. As these are contingent on third-party agreement rather than being contractual rights

of the Group, they are not considered to be embedded derivatives or loan commitments.

The Group is subject to covenants on net debt leverage and a fixed charge cover. The interest rate payable on the loan is at one, three or six

month intervals (at the Group's discretion) at a rate of SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a margin of 1%.



On an IFRS 16 basis, the Group reported net debt of £2,827 million, including lease liabilities of £3,138 million, equating to a net leverage ratio

of 1.4x. Including the Genesis put option liability, net debt increases by £787 million, resulting in a net leverage ratio of 1.9x, which remains

within the Group's investment grade parameters. The Group continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, supported by significant liquidity

headroom.



As at 31 January 2026 this facility encompassed cross-guarantees between the Company, JD Sports Fashion Europe Holdings Limited,

Genesis Holdings Inc, Hibbett Retail Inc, The Finish Line Inc, The Finish Line USA Inc, Shoe Palace Corporation, DTLR Inc, Sprinter

Megacentros del Deporte SL, JD Spain Sports Fashion 2010 SL, JD Sports Fashion Australia PTY Ltd, JD Sports Fashion SRL and John David

Sports Fashion (Ireland) Limited.



Bank Facilities

As at 31 January 2026 the Group had a £1 billion syndicated Revolving Credit Facility ('RCF'). This was refinanced on 8 July 2025 and the

previous £700 million RCF and $300 million Asset Based Lending facility were cancelled at this time. The borrowers on this facility are JD

Sports Fashion Plc, JD Sports Fashion Europe Holdings Limited and Genesis Holdings Inc. The counterparties to the new revolving credit

facility (RCF) comprise a larger syndicate of 10 banks, representing an increase on the lender group under the previous facility.



The term of the facility is five years and expires on 8 July 2030 followed by two one-year extension options subject to lender consent. As these

are contingent on third-party agreement rather than being contractual rights of the Group, they are not considered to be embedded derivatives

or loan commitments.



The Group is subject to covenants on net debt leverage and a fixed charge cover. The interest rate payable on the loan is at one, three or six

month intervals (at the Group's discretion) at a base rate applicable to the currency of the loan plus a margin of 0.8%. The facility is available to

draw in GBP, EUR and USD.



                                                                                                                                        40
As at 31 January 2026 this facility encompassed cross-guarantees between the Company, JD Sports Fashion Europe Holdings Limited,

Genesis Holdings Inc, Hibbett Retail Inc, The Finish Line Inc, The Finish Line USA Inc, Shoe Palace Corporation, DTLR Inc, Sprinter

Megacentros del Deporte SL, JD Spain Sports Fashion 2010 SL, JD Sports Fashion Australia PTY Ltd, JD Sports Fashion SRL and John David

Sports Fashion (Ireland) Limited.



As the new Term Loan and RCF refinanced existing drawn balances, there was no net cash movement at the date of refinancing, other than

the settlement of accrued interest and transactions fees, the latter having been capitalised to be amortised to the income statement over the

remaining term of the facilities. The refinancing has been assessed as a modification of the existing liabilities, as no substantive cash flows

occurred and, other than an increase in the size of the lender syndicate, the counterparties remained unchanged.


Going Concern


The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group and the Company have adequate resources to continue in operational existence

for the foreseeable future and therefore continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Group and Company financial statements.

This conclusion is based on the following considerations:



At 31 January 2026 the Group had a total cash and cash equivalents balance of £836 million (1 February 2025: £695 million) (see Note 8).



As noted above, during the period the Group refinanced its syndicated bank borrowing facility, increasing total committed facility to £1 billion,

from £700 million as at 1 February 2025. The facility has a maturity date of 8 July 2030, and includes two one-year extension options, subject

to lender consent. As at 31 January 2026 £13 million of these facilities had been drawn down (1 February 2025: £36 million).



In addition, the Group entered into a new US Term Loan Facility Agreement with total commitments of $700 million. The new facility was drawn

in full on inception and has a three-year term, maturing on 8 July 2028, followed by two one-year extension options subject to lender consent.



The total liquidity from cash and available facilities is c.£1.8 billion at 31 January 2026 (1 February 2025: c.£1.8 billion). These facilities are

subject to certain covenants as noted above. The Directors believe that the Group is well placed to manage its business risks successfully

despite the current uncertain economic outlook.



The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts for the Group covering a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the Group

and Company financial statements, including a range of severe but plausible downside scenarios. These forecasts indicate that the Group and

Company will be able to operate within the level of its agreed facilities and in compliance with applicable covenants.



The Directors have prepared severe but plausible downside scenarios which cover the same period as the base case. An increase of US cost

of goods arising from geopolitical uncertainty has been considered, in addition to a range of reasonably plausible downside scenarios for the

purposes of viability reporting. This has considered the specifics of a significant business continuity event adversely impacting one of the

Group's main Distribution Centres (Kingsway) across the Q4 FY27 peak trading period; a significant cyber-attack resulting in a significant

proportion of the Group's online sales platforms being unable to trade for a period of two months, impacting the peak trading period of

December 2026; and a severe but plausible reduction in the allocation of inventory, or business interruption impacting the availability of

inventory, from one of our key sports fashion suppliers.



The forecast cash flows reflecting the above scenarios individually indicate that there remains sufficient headroom for the Group to operate

within the committed facilities and to comply with all relevant banking covenants during the forecast period. Furthermore, mitigating actions

within the Group's control could be taken, should these severe but plausible scenarios occur, including reductions in capital expenditure,

discretionary spend, dividends and share buybacks. These mitigating actions have not been modelled.


                                                                                                                                      41
A reverse stress test has also been performed on the base forecasts which indicates that a combination of the above severe but plausible

scenarios all occurring at the same time would be required for the Group to breach a covenant before consideration of mitigating actions. A

combination of all the factors above would not exhaust liquidity. This is not considered to be a plausible scenario, as the combination of all

scenarios simultaneously is considered to be exceptionally remote.



The Directors have considered all of the factors noted above and are confident that the Group has adequate resources to continue to meet all

liabilities as and when they fall due for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements. Accordingly, the

financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.


Alternative Performance Measures


The Directors measure the performance of the Group based on a range of financial measures, including measures not recognised by UK-

adopted International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS'). These Alternative Performance Measures ('APMs') may not be directly

comparable with other companies' APMs and the Directors do not intend these to be a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measures. The

Directors believe that these Alternative Performance Measures assist in providing additional useful information on the trading performance of

the Group.



APMs are used to enhance the comparability of information between reporting periods, by accounting for adjusting items. Adjusting items are

disclosed separately when they are considered unusual in nature and not reflective of the trading performance and profitability of the Group.

The separate reporting of adjusting items, which are presented as adjusting within the relevant category in the Consolidated Income Statement,

helps provide an indication of the Group's trading performance. An explanation as to why items have been classified as adjusting is given in

Note 3. Further information can be found in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 41 to 45.



Adoption of New and Revised Standards


The following new standards and amendments became effective for the period ended 31 January 2026. These have no significant impact on

the consolidated results or financial position.




       •    Amendments to IAS 21 - Lack of Exchangeability; and
       •    IFRS Practice Statement 1 - Management Commentary (revised).




At the date of authorisation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group has not applied the following new and revised standards

and amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective:




   •       Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (effective for periods commencing
           from
   •       1 January 2026);
                                                                                                                                     42
   •   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity (effective for periods commencing from 1

   •   January 2026);

   •   Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11 (effective for periods commencing from 1 January 2026);

   •   IAS 21 - Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency (effective for periods commencing from 1 January 2026);

   •   IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in Financial statements (effective for periods commencing from 1 January 2027); and

   •   IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability (effective for periods commencing from 1 January 2027).




IFRS 18 will introduce five new requirements on presentation and disclosure in the financial statements, with a focus on the income statement

and reporting of financial performance. Income and expenses in the income statement will be classified into five categories - operating,

investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations. Two new sub-totals will be presented: 'Operating profit or loss' and 'Profit or

loss before financing and income tax'.



IFRS 18 will also require disclosures about management-defined performance measures in the financial statements and disclosure of

information based on enhanced general requirements on aggregation and disaggregation. The Group will apply the new standard for its

financial period commencing 31 January 2027 and ending 29 January 2028, in line with the IFRS 18 mandatory effective date of periods

commencing after 1 January 2027. Retrospective application is required, and so the comparative information for the financial period ending 30

January 2027 will be restated in accordance with IFRS 18.



The Group is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 18 and expects changes to presentation of the statement of profit or loss. The Group's

assessment is not yet final and further changes upon the implementation of IFRS 18 may be required.



The Group continues to monitor the potential impact of other new standards and interpretations which may be endorsed and require adoption

by the Group in future reporting periods.



Accounting Policies


During the period, the Group has updated its accounting policies in relation to Cost of Sales, Selling and Distribution Expenses and Inventories.



Cost of Sales

Cost of sales comprises the direct costs attributable to goods sold during the period. This includes:




   •   Purchase cost of inventory, net of supplier rebates, marketing contributions and discounts, together with directly attributable costs
       incurred in bringing inventory to its present location and condition;

   •   Inventory shrinkage and stock losses recognised during the period;


   •   Inventory provisions and movements in provisions for obsolescence and markdowns; and


                                                                                                                                      43
   •   Inbound freight, import duties and other logistics costs associated with transporting goods to the Group's distribution centres and
       retail stores. See note 12 for further details on this.




Supplier rebates, discounts and marketing contributions received from suppliers are recognised as a reduction in cost of sales where it is

probable that the amounts will be received and can be measured reliably.



Costs that are not directly attributable to bringing inventory to its present location and condition are recognised within operating expenses and

are not included in cost of sales. These include general administrative expenses, selling costs, store operating expenses (such as depreciation

on right-of-use assets, staff costs and utilities), fulfilment and distribution costs associated with delivering goods directly from distribution

centres to customers, including online sales and 'Click & Collect' orders.



Selling and Distribution Expenses

Selling and distribution expenses are classified based on their function within the Group. Selling and distribution expenses include all costs

directly associated with the marketing, selling, and fulfilling customer orders for the Group's goods and services. These expenses include

advertising and promotional activities, store-related operating costs, online and multichannel customer fulfilment costs, and other costs incurred

in supporting customer transactions and delivery to end customers. Depreciation and amortisation of all assets used are included within selling

and distribution expenses.



Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method and comprises

purchase costs and other directly attributable costs incurred in bringing inventories to their present location and condition, including directly

attributable freight, handling and distribution costs relating to the movement of inventory from the distribution centres to stores. An element of

supplier rebates is deferred into inventory and released on a straight-line basis as the related inventory is sold.



The Group makes provisions for obsolescence, mark downs and shrinkage based on historical experience, the quality of the current season

buy, market trends and management estimates of future events. The provision requires estimates for shrinkage, the expected future selling

price of items and identification of aged and obsolete items.


Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with adopted IFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates and

assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and

associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the

circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements and estimates about carrying values of assets and liabilities that

are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.



Critical Accounting Judgements
The following are critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (presented separately below), that management have made in the

process of applying the Group's accounting policies and that have the most effect on amounts recognised in the Consolidated Financial

Statements.



Adjusting Items

Management exercises significant judgement in assessing whether items should be classified as adjusting items. This assessment covers the

nature of the item, cause of occurrence and/or scale of impact of that item on the reported performance. In determining whether an item should

be presented as adjusting, the Group considers items which are significant because of either their size or their nature which management
                                                                                                                                     44
believe would distort an understanding of earnings if not separately presented. An explanation as to why items have been classified as

adjusting is given in Note 3. Further information about metrics that the Group utilise which exclude adjusting items can be found in the

Alternative Performance Measures section on page 41 to 45.



Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
The key assumptions about the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting period end, that may have a significant

risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial period are discussed below:



Genesis Put and Call Option

Genesis Put and Call Option agreements that allow the Group's equity partners to require the Group to purchase a non-controlling interest are

recorded in the consolidated balance sheet initially at the present value of the redemption amount, in accordance with IAS 32 'Financial

Instruments: Presentation'. On initial recognition, the corresponding amount is recognised against the put and call option reserve. Changes in

the measurement of the financial liability due to the unwinding of the discount or changes in the amount that the Group could be required to pay

are recognised within finance expenses through the adjusting items column in the Consolidated Income Statement. If the contract expires

without delivery, the carrying amount of the financial liability is reclassified to equity, otherwise the financial liability is derecognised for the

amount settled.



The key significant option outstanding as at 31 January 2026 relates to the Group's North American sub-group, Genesis. The Genesis put

liability at 31 January 2026 was £787 million (2025: £831 million).



The Group uses a third-party valuation expert to independently determine the present value of the exercise price of the Genesis put and call

options. The approach uses a Monte-Carlo simulation model applying a geometric Brownian motion to project the share price and an arithmetic

Brownian motion for the projection of EBITDA forecasts. The critical estimate used to value the put and call option liability is the EBITDA

forecasts and growth assumptions for future periods. Further information about the sensitivities used can be found in Note 6.



Goodwill Impairment

The Group considers certain inputs used in the impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to be a key source of

estimation uncertainty due to the level of judgement involved in determining recoverable amounts. In the current year this relates only to the

Complementary goodwill group of cash-generating units ('CGUs').



The recoverable amount of cash-generating units CGUs and groups of CGUs is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These

calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions, in particular long-term growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the

forecast period and discount rates applied to future cash flows (derived from the Group's weighted average cost of capital).



These assumptions are inherently judgemental and are sensitive to changes in economic and market conditions.



2. Segmental Analysis


In accordance with IFRS 8 'Operating Segments', the Group identifies and reports operating segments based on the internal management

reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group's Chief Operating Decision Maker ('CODM') for the purpose of allocating resources and

assessing segment performance. The Board has determined that the CODM is the Chief Executive Officer of JD Sports Fashion Plc. The

internal management reports provided to the CODM present financial information by business segment, which reflects the Group's

organisational structure and the way in which the Group's operations are managed and monitored. Segments are identified based on the

distinct nature of their products, services and geographical presence, as well as the financial information used by the CODM to make strategic

decisions.
                                                                                                                                        45
The performance of each operating segment is assessed using measures such as revenue, operating profit before adjusting items and other

key financial metrics, which are consistent with those included in the Group's internal management reporting and regularly reviewed by the

CODM. Certain central administrative costs, including Group Directors' remuneration, are allocated to the JD UK operating segment. This

treatment is consistent with the basis on which segment results are reported to and reviewed by the CODM.



The Group's reportable segments under IFRS 8 are 'JD', 'Complementary Athleisure' and 'Sporting Goods and Outdoors'. In accordance with

IFRS 8.12, the Group has aggregated several operating segments with similar economic characteristics into each of the reportable segments,

while remaining consistent with core principles of IFRS 8.



During the period, the Group renamed its 'Complementary Concepts' reporting segment to 'Complementary Athleisure' to better reflect the

nature of the businesses included within the segment. There was no change to the composition of the reportable segments or to previously

reported segment financial information.



Information regarding the Group's reportable segments for the 52 weeks to 31 January 2026 is shown below. The balances presented are the

key performance metrics assessed by the CODM.




                                                                                                      Complementary    Sporting Goods
                                                                                                 JD       Athleisure    and Outdoors        Total
Income statement                                                                                 £m              £m               £m          £m

Revenue                                                                                       7,945           3,208           1,509      12,662
Gross profit before adjusting items                                                           3,779           1,500             672        5,951
Gross margin before adjusting items                                                          47.6%           46.7%           44.5%        47.0%
Operating costs before adjusting items                                                      (3,115)         (1,224)           (577)      (4,916)
Operating profit before adjusting items                                                         664             276               95       1,035
Operating margin before adjusting items                                                       8.4%            8.6%            6.3%         8.2%
Net finance expense                                                                           (124)             (45)            (14)       (183)
Profit before tax and adjusting items                                                           540             231               81         852

                                                                                                      Complementary    Sporting Goods
                                                                                                 JD       Athleisure    and Outdoors        Total
Inventories                                                                                      £m              £m               £m          £m

Inventories                                                                                  1,007              662             348       2,017




                                                                                                      Complementary     Sporting Goods
                                                                                                 JD       Athleisure     and Outdoors       Total
Other segment information                                                                        £m              £m                £m         £m

Capital expenditure:
Intangible assets (software development)                                                         25               4                 5        34
Property, plant and equipment                                                                   269              84                32       385
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments:
Amortisation of intangible assets (adjusting items)                                               7             54                  8        69
Amortisation of intangible assets (non-adjusting items)                                          33             10                  5        48
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                   178             78                 31       287
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             330            173                 60       563
Impairment of non-current assets (adjusting items)                                               62             42                  4       108
Impairment of non-current assets (non-adjusting items)                                           14              1                  1        16

                                                                                                                                    46
The comparative segmental results for the 52 weeks to 1 February 2025 are shown below:




                                                                                                                                 Restated(1)
                                                                                                             Restated(1)           Sporting
                                                                                           Restated(1)    Complementary              Goods       Restated(1)
                                                                                                  JD          Athleisure       and Outdoors           Total
Income statement                                                                                  £m                 £m                 £m              £m

Revenue                                                                                       7,798               2,165             1,495          11,458
Gross profit before adjusting items                                                           3,742                 976               663            5,381
Gross margin before adjusting items                                                          48.0%               45.1%             44.3%            47.0%
Operating costs before adjusting items                                                      (2,997)               (763)             (572)          (4,332)
Operating profit before adjusting items                                                         745                 213                 91           1,049
Operating margin before adjusting items                                                       9.6%                9.8%              6.1%             9.2%
Net finance expense                                                                             (86)                (24)              (16)           (126)
Profit before tax and adjusting items                                                           659                 189                 75             923




        (1)    Please see Note 12 for further details of the restatement.




                                                                                                         Complementary     Sporting Goods
                                                                                                 JD          Athleisure     and Outdoors               Total
Inventories                                                                                      £m                 £m                £m                 £m

Inventories                                                                                  1,009                651               361             2,021

                                                                                                         Complementary     Sporting Goods
                                                                                                JD           Athleisure     and Outdoors               Total
Other segment information                                                                       £m                  £m                £m                 £m

Capital expenditure:
Intangible assets (software development)                                                       21                    1                  6               28
Property, plant and equipment                                                                 397                   44                 37              478
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments:
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                              53                   29                 15               97
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                 172                   27                 31              230
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                           282                  108                 68              458
Impairment of non-current assets (adjusting items)                                            104                    -                  -              104
Impairment of non-current assets (non-adjusting items)                                          4                    4                  1                9




Geographical Information

The following table provides analysis of the Group's revenue by geographical market, based on the geographical location of the company

that the product has been shipped from:



Revenue by Region




                                                                                                                                            47
                                                                                                                                                           52 weeks to              52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                            31 January               1 February
                                                                                                                                                                  2026                     2025
Revenue                                                                                                                                                             £m                       £m

UK                                                                                                                                                               3,110                      3,205
Europe                                                                                                                                                           4,246                      3,510
North America                                                                                                                                                    4,779                      4,242
Asia Pacific                                                                                                                                                       527                       501
                                                                                                                                                               12,662                   11,458




The revenue from any individual country, with the exception of the UK (2026: £3,110 million; 2025: £3,205 million) and US (2026: £4,617

million; 2025: £4,111 million) is not more than 10% of the Group's total revenue.



Revenue by Channel




                                                                                                                                                                                      Restated(1)
                                                                                                                                                           52 weeks to               52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                            31 January                1 February
                                                                                                                                                                  2026                      2025
Revenue                                                                                                                                                             £m                        £m

Retail stores                                                                                                                                                    9,888                      8,879
Online                                                                                                                                                           2,638                      2,453
Other(2)                                                                                                                                                           136                       126
                                                                                                                                                               12,662                   11,458




     (1)   Online sales include 'Click & Collect' and 'Ship-from-store' as these sales originate on our online platform and are presented to the Chief Operating Decision Maker as online

           sales. Accordingly, prior year comparatives have been re-presented to conform with the current year presentation.

     (2)   Other relates to revenue from gym memberships, wholesale and commission sales.




Revenue by Category




                                                                                                                                                           52 weeks to              52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                            31 January               1 February
                                                                                                                                                                  2026                    2025
Revenue                                                                                                                                                             £m                       £m

Footwear                                                                                                                                                         7,635                      6,819
Apparel                                                                                                                                                          3,803                      3,550
Accessories                                                                                                                                                        835                       702
Other(3)                                                                                                                                                           389                       387
                                                                                                                                                               12,662                   11,458




     (3)   Other relates to revenue from sales of outdoor living equipment, delivery income and revenue from gym memberships.




3. Adjusting Items

                                                                                                                                                                             48
The Group exercises judgement in assessing whether items should be classified as adjusting items. This assessment covers the nature of the

item, cause of occurrence and scale of impact of that item on the reported performance. In determining whether items should be presented as

adjusting items, the Group considers items that are significant because of either their size or their nature which management believe would

distort an understanding of earnings if not adjusted. In order for an item to be presented as an adjusting item, it should typically meet at least

one of the following criteria:




    •   Impairments of tangible and intangible assets, investments and loan receivables not recoverable


    •    Unusual in nature or outside the normal course of business (for example, the non-cash movement in the present value of put and
        call options, foreign currency movements on non-trading intercompany balances, and material non-recurring litigation matters)

    •   Items directly incurred as a result of either an acquisition, an anticipated acquisition or a divestment, or arising from a major
        business change or restructuring programme (including the amortisation of acquired intangible assets, see below for further detail).




The separate reporting of items, which are presented as adjusting items within the relevant category in the Consolidated Income Statement,

helps provide an indication of the Group's trading performance in the normal course of business. The tax impact of these adjusting items is a

tax credit of £50 million (2025: £47 million) as shown on the face of the Consolidated Income Statement.



The total charge for the period is £223 million, of which £4 million relates to a net cash outflow and £219 million was a non-cash charge.




                                                                                                                          52 weeks to         52 weeks to
                                                                                                                           31 January          1 February
                                                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                                                                   £m                  £m

Items as a result of acquisitions, divestments, major business changes or restructuring:
Acquisition-related costs                                                                                                           -                  9
Cost of sales - Adjusting items                                                                                                     -                  9
Items as a result of acquisitions, divestments, major business changes or restructuring:
Acquisition-related costs                                                                                                         12                  36
(Gain)/loss on divestments                                                                                                          -                (78)
Restructuring                                                                                                                     16                    -
Integration costs                                                                                                                 18                   5
Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                                                              69                  57
Impairments of tangible and intangible assets and investments:
Impairments of tangible and intangible assets and investments                                                                    119                 112
Items that are unusual in nature or outside the normal course of business:
Provision for litigation                                                                                                          14                    -
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                                          -                  5
Administrative expenses - Adjusting items                                                                                        248                 137
Items that are unusual in nature or outside the normal course of business:
Put and call option (credit)/charge for the period                                                                              (29)                  62
Joint venture finance costs                                                                                                        4                    -
Finance expenses - Adjusting items                                                                                              (25)                  62
                                                                                                                                        49
Adjusting items                                                                                                                 223               208




Acquisition-related costs

Acquisition-related costs of £12 million have been recognised in the period in relation to prior period acquisitions (Hibbett and Mainline

Menswear). £6 million relates to the acquisition costs incurred in buying out the 20% non-controlling interest ('NCI') in Mainline which completed

in November 2024 and a further £6 million of non-cash costs in relation to Hibbett, reflecting the current year impact of acquisition accounting

recognised in the prior period.



Divestments

No gains or losses on divestments were recognised in the current period (2025: £78 million gain). In the prior period, the Group disposed of

21.58% of its shareholding in Applied Nutrition. A gain of £51 million arose on disposal (with proceeds of £73 million), together with a £24

million gain recognised on the revaluation of the retained investment at the date of disposal. Net gains on other disposals amounted to £3

million.



Restructuring

Restructuring costs of £16 million have been recognised in the current period (2025: £Nil). These costs relate to provisions recognised

in respect of the closure of stores in Germany and the restructuring of the operating model, including support functions, where a constructive

obligation existed at the balance sheet date.



Integration Costs

Integration costs of £18 million have been recognised in the current period (FY25: £5 million) in relation to the integration of the Group's North

American businesses following the acquisition of Hibbett. This forms part of a multi-year programme to create an integrated platform to support

the nationwide growth of the JD Brand and Community fascias in North America, supported by a more efficient supply chain and back-office

infrastructure. Integration and related costs are expected to exceed $35 million, reflecting additional investment in scaling shared services,

technology and operational capabilities beyond the initial integration scope, with these incremental investments expected to deliver further

synergies as the platform continues to scale.



Amortisation of acquired intangibles

Amortisation of acquired intangibles of £69 million (FY25: £57 million) has been presented as an adjusting item, consistent with the updated

policy introduced in the prior year. This has increased year on year due to the annualisation impact of the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions.



Impairments of tangible and intangible asset and investments

The £119m charge in the current period reflects impairments and related costs arising from the ongoing optimisation of the Group's store estate

and international footprint. This includes £93 million of impairment charges and £5 million associated costs in respect of stores impacted by the

Group's strategic review and store closure programme, £15 million relating to the impairment of the Sizeer fascia, and £6 million of costs

associated with the exit of the Derby Distribution Centre lease in FY26 following its closure in FY25.



Store impairment charges of £93 million have been recognised in the period along with £5 million associated closure costs, directly reflecting

the Group's strategic restructuring of the store portfolio. This includes £63 million in Europe and £28 million relating to Hibbett. As outlined in

the CEO report, we are maintaining a disciplined focus on store productivity, including a shift towards "fewer, bigger, better" locations in the UK,

alongside targeted optimisation of underperforming stores across Europe. In Hibbett, the charge reflects the planned closure of lower volume,

remote stores with a legacy sporting goods offer, which are not aligned with the Group's strategy to improve overall store productivity and

optimise the store portfolio over the next three years.

                                                                                                                                       50
The impairment charge arises from updated future cash flow assumptions following the strategic review to ensure that store asset carrying

values are aligned to expected future performance. The charge is non-cash.



The prior year charge of £112 million included significant impairments and closure costs relating to the Derby Distribution Centre and the initial

phase of the European store estate review, forming part of the wider European strategy review that has continued into the current year and is

reflected in the European impairment charges noted above.



Provision for litigation

During the year, the Group recognised a provision of £14 million in respect of a regulatory matter relating to historical employment practices in

the United States. The Group had taken actions in prior periods to strengthen its compliance framework in the relevant areas, including

enhancements to policies, processes and governance.



Put and call option (credit)/charge for the period

A £29 million net credit has been recognised, reflecting the movement in the present value of put and call options over non-controlling interests.

This comprises a £44 million credit in respect of Genesis Topco Inc ('Genesis') the holding company for the Group's North American

businesses, and a £15 million charge in relation to Cosmos.



The amendment to the Genesis shareholders' agreement in March 2025, which deferred the exercise profile of the options to 2029 and 2030,

represents a material change in the period. The resulting credit reflects the impact of this new agreement, updated forecasts for the underlying

business, and movements in the USD/GBP exchange rate, which together have reduced the Sterling value of the option liability.



The Cosmos charge reflects an increase in the valuation of the option liability, driven by updated valuation assumptions. As at the year end, the

put and call option was exercisable by either party within 12 months.



This compares to a £62 million charge in the prior year, which was driven by a significant increase in Genesis valuation following the acquisition

of Hibbett.



Joint venture finance costs

This comprises £4 million relating to the settlement of the Group's share of a bank guarantee provided to the external lender of its JD Israel

joint venture, crystallised upon disposal of its interest to its joint venture partner for nil consideration.



4. Income Tax Expense
The total tax charge included in the Consolidated Income Statement consists of current and deferred tax.



Current Income Tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable on taxable income for the financial period, using the applicable enacted tax rates in each relevant

jurisdiction. Tax expense is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement except to the extent it relates to items recognised in the

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income or directly in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, in which case it is

recognised in the relevant statement, respectively.



Deferred Tax

Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method, by providing for temporary differences that arise between the carrying

amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary

differences are not provided for:
                                                                                                                                     51
    -   goodwill not deductible for tax purposes;


    -   the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and


    -   differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future.




Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on the

tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the Consolidated

Income Statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited directly to the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity or the

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, in which case the deferred tax is recognised in the relevant statement, respectively.




Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. In considering their recoverability, the Group assesses the likelihood of them being

recovered within a reasonably foreseeable timeframe and considers the future expected profit profile and business model of each relevant

company or country, together with any legislative restrictions on use. This approach is consistent with that adopted for the assessment of other

financial statement items, with the recognition period based on the appropriate jurisdictional tax rules. The estimates take account of the

inherent uncertainties constraining the expected level of profit in some territories and any associated climate-related risks. Deferred tax assets

and liabilities are offset against each other when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current taxation assets against current taxation

liabilities and the intention is to settle these on a net basis.



Tax provisions are recognised for uncertain tax positions where a risk of an additional tax liability has been identified and it is probable that the

Group will be required to settle that tax. Measurement is dependent on management's expectation of the outcome of decisions by tax

authorities in the various tax jurisdictions in which the Group operates. This is assessed on a case-by-case basis using in-house tax experts,

professional advisers and previous experience.



Pillar Two Model Rules

The OECD Pillar Two GloBE Rules ('Pillar Two') introduce a global minimum corporation tax rate of 15% applicable to multi-national enterprise

groups with global revenue over €750 million.



The Pillar Two rules first applied to the Group for its accounting period commencing 4 February 2024, and the rules continue to apply to the

Group for its accounting period commencing 2 February 2025.



The definition of a 'Group' requires the impact of Pillar Two to be calculated in conjunction with that of Pentland Group Holdings Limited and its

subsidiaries ('the Pentland Group'). The Group is working with the Pentland Group to ensure it will be compliant. The Group has performed an

assessment of its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes and the Pillar Two current tax charge for the period ended 31 January 2026 is £Nil

(FY25: £0.3 million) (this excludes any liability of the wider Pentland Group). The Group is adopting the mandatory temporary exception from

the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the jurisdictional implementation of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group does not

meet the threshold for application of the Pillar One transfer pricing rules.


                                                                                                                                           52
                                                                                                                                                             52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                              31 January         1 February
                                                                                                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                                                                                                                      £m                £m
Current tax
UK corporation tax at 25.0% (2025: 25.0%)                                                                                                                          192                213
Adjustment relating to prior periods                                                                                                                                (3)               (17)
Total current tax charge                                                                                                                                           189                196
Deferred tax
Deferred tax (origination and reversal of temporary differences)                                                                                                   (30)               (23)
Adjustment relating to prior periods                                                                                                                                  2                  2
Total deferred tax credit                                                                                                                                          (28)               (21)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 161                175



                                                                                                                                                             52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                              31 January         1 February
                                                                                                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                                                                                                                      £m                £m

Profit before tax multiplied by the standard rate of corporation tax 25.0%(1) (2025: 25.0%)                                                                        157                179
Effects of:
Expenses not deductible(2)                                                                                                                                           15                15
Put and call option movement not deductible(3)                                                                                                                      (7)                16
Depreciation and impairment of non-qualifying non-current assets(4)                                                                                                   3                  3
Non-qualifying profit on sale of PPE(5)                                                                                                                             (1)                  0
Non-taxable income(6)                                                                                                                                               (2)               (23)
Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions(7)                                                                                                                    (12)               (14)
Research and development tax credits and other allowances(8)                                                                                                        (5)                (5)
Under provided in prior periods(9)                                                                                                                                  (1)               (15)
Change in unrecognised temporary differences(10)                                                                                                                      2                  4
Other taxes due(11)                                                                                                                                                  12                15
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 161                175




(1) The standard rate of corporation tax for the period is 25%, the UK mainstream tax rate.

(2) Certain legal and professional fees, together with the Germany restructuring costs incurred in the current period, are not deductible or tax purposes.


(3) The movements in the put and call options per Note 6 are not deductible for tax.

(4) The depreciation adjustment relates to UK assets which are not eligible for capital allowances.


(5) The loss relates to the sale of tangible assets which are not eligible for capital allowances.


                                                                                                                                                                           53
(6) The current year relates to some small incentives which result in non-taxable elements of trading profits. In the prior year this related to the non-taxable gain on the sale of shares in

associates.


(7) A proportion of the Group's profits arise outside of the UK and are taxed at the prevailing tax rate.

(8) R&D and general business tax credits have been claimed in the qualifying jurisdictions.


(9) The prior period adjustment reflects net current and deferred tax movements between Group reporting provisions and submitted returns.

(10) The adjustment represents losses created in the period for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised, due to a lack of certainty over future taxable profits arising.


(11) Other taxes due are primarily in respect of US state taxes but also include local taxes payable in other overseas jurisdictions. There is no top-up tax charge relating to tax under the

OECD Pillar Two GloBE Rules (FY25: £0.3 million).




5. Earnings Per Ordinary Share
Basic and Adjusted Earnings Per Ordinary Share

The calculation of basic earnings per ordinary share at 31 January 2026 is based on the profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the

parent of £436 million (2025: £490 million) and a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the 52-week period ended

31 January 2026 of 5,057,596,281 (2025: 5,159,697,637). This weighted average number of shares excludes treasury shares purchased in the

period and shares held by the Employment Benefit Trust ('EBT').



As announced on the 9 April 2025, the Group commenced a share buyback programme to repurchase the Group's own ordinary shares on the

open market. During the 52-week period ended 31 January 2026, the Group repurchased a total of 236,801,637 ordinary shares, representing

4.6% of the issued share capital as at the beginning of the period, at a total cost of £201 million, inclusive of transaction costs. The average

price paid per share was £0.85.



The repurchased shares were held in treasury or cancelled as of 31 January 2026, and the cost has been recognised as a deduction from

equity in accordance with IAS 32 'Financial Instruments: Presentation'. No gain or loss has been recognised in the Consolidated Income

Statement in relation to these transactions. As at 31 January 2026, 79,897,460 shares were held in treasury at a cost of £66 million.



There have been no other transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares in the period. Please see Note 11 for share

transactions after the period end.



Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share have been based on the profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent for each

financial period but excluding the post-tax effect of adjusting items. The Directors consider that this gives a more useful measure of the trading

performance and profitability of the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                  52 weeks to              52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                                   31 January               1 February
                                                                                                                                                                         2026                    2025
                                                                                                                                                                       millions                 millions

Issued ordinary shares at beginning and end of period                                                                                                                   5,183                    5,183
Shares bought back in the period (and cancelled)                                                                                                                        (157)                         -
Issued ordinary shares at end of period                                                                                                                                 5,026                    5,183



                                                                                                                                                                  52 weeks to              52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                                                   31 January               1 February
                                                                                                                                                                         2026                    2025
                                                                                                                                                                           £m                       £m

Profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                                                                         436                    490
                                                                                                                                                                                    54
Adjusting items attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                                   200                194
Tax relating to adjusting items attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                   (44)               (45)
Profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent excluding adjusting items                                   592                639




                                                                                                                          millions              millions

Weighted average number of ordinary shares at end of the period (basic)                                                    5,058                5,160
Dilution - Effect of potentially dilutive share options and awards                                                            54                      -
Weighted average number of ordinary shares at the end of the period (diluted)                                              5,112                5,160


Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                                          8.63p                9.50p
Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                                                        8.54p                9.50p


Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                               11.71p                12.39p
Adjusted diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                                             11.58p                12.39p




6. Put and Call Option Liabilities




                                                                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                                                                                   £m              £m

Current liabilities                                                                                                                  39           188
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                          816              669
Total put and call option liabilities                                                                                            855              857




Put and call options are in place over all or part of the remaining non-controlling interest shareholding in various subsidiaries. The Group

recognises put and call options over non-controlling interests in its subsidiary undertakings as a liability in the Consolidated Statement of

Financial Position at the present value of the estimated exercise price of the put and call option. The only material put and call option remaining

as at 31 January 2026 is Genesis at £787 million (2025: Genesis £831 million).



The Group has used a third-party valuation expert to estimate the present value of the Group's material put and call option liabilities using a

Monte-Carlo simulation model, applying a geometric Brownian motion to project the share price and an arithmetic Brownian motion for the

projection of EBITDA. The option formula and multiple are stated in the option agreement allowing the strike price to be calculated from the

simulated EBITDA. Upon initial recognition of put and call options, a corresponding entry is made to Other Equity (put and call option reserve),

and for subsequent changes on remeasurement of the liability the corresponding entry is made to adjusting items in the Consolidated Income

Statement.


                                                                                                                                          55
Inputs to the Monte-Carlo Simulation Models

The Group has used the Board approved 5-year plan to estimate profit and cash flow forecasts for future periods.



In estimating the present value of the Group's material put and call option liabilities, the key inputs to the Monte-Carlo simulation

models are as follows:


     ·     The EBITDA forecasts and growth assumptions for future periods including forecast net cash/debt and forecast capital expenditure,

           working capital movements and taxation.


     ·     The EBITDA is projected using an Arithmetic Brownian Motion EBITDA drift. The drift for each time period is estimated from forecast

           EBITDA and its standard deviation is estimated from historical EBITDA data.


     ·     The risk-free discount rates, reflecting the current market assessment of the time value of money, used to discount the purchase price

           (subject to the option pricing cap as defined in the shareholder agreement) to present value.


Current Year Transactions


Genesis

In March 2025, an amendment was made to the Genesis shareholders' agreement. Under the revised terms, the exercise periods for the Non-

Controlling Interest ('NCI') put option and the JD call options have been deferred and could be paid in two equal instalments of 10% with two

exercise periods in 2029 and 2030, as opposed to the previous agreement of four equal instalments of 5% with four exercise periods between

2025 and 2028. Any option tranche can be deferred into the following exercise period, in line with the previous agreement. There have been no

other changes to key terms in the agreement, other than the exercise periods noted above.



Thailand

On 30 January 2026, the Group entered into a transaction relating to its subsidiary, JD Sports (Thailand) Limited, under which a third-party

acquired 40% of the shareholding of the subsidiary, for which the Group received cash consideration of THB 469 million (£11 million).



The arrangements include put and call options over the 40% interest, together with other governance and contractual rights, which result in the

Group retaining control of the subsidiary in accordance with IFRS 10.



Accordingly, the transaction has been accounted for as an equity transaction. No gain or loss was recognised in the Consolidated Income

Statement and there was no derecognition of assets or liabilities.



The cash inflow arising from the transaction has been presented within financing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. An

initial liability of £27 million has been recognised during the current period in respect of put and call options over the remaining 40% interest.

The options are exercisable at five‑year intervals, with the first exercise date being 7 May 2031. The exercise price is determined by applying a

multiple to profit before tax for the relevant financial period.




Other Options

Within other options the largest value options at FY26 are Cosmos at £39 million, all of which is classified as current (2025: £25 million, £11

million of which was classified as current) and JD Thailand at £27 million, all of which is non-current. Management has used a third-party

valuation specialist to value these options. The valuation technique is consistent with that outlined above for material options. The remaining

options are valued in house.




                                                                                                                                        56
                                                                                                                 Genesis              Other                Total
                                                                                                                     £m                 £m              liability


    At 3 February 2024                                                                                             763                  47                 810
    Options lapsed and disposed during the period                                                                      -              (15)                 (15)
    Increase/(decrease) in the present value of                                                                      68                (6)                   62
    the existing option liability
    At 1 February 2025                                                                                             831                  26                 857
    New options                                                                                                        -                27                   27
    (Decrease)/increase in the present value of                                                                    (44)                 15                 (29)
    the existing option liability
    At 31 January 2026                                                                                             787                  68                 855




    Sensitivity Analysis - Genesis Put and Call Option

    Sensitivity analysis was performed over a key variable input to the valuation of the Genesis put and call option. The key variable input was

    determined to be the EBITDA forecasts per the Board approved five-year plan. 15% was determined to be a reasonably possible change for

    the EBITDA forecasts included in the approved cash flow forecasts, reflecting recent experience in levels of forecasting accuracy.

    The result was that:

-   a reduction of 15% to the forecast EBITDA would result in a reduction to the put and call option liability of £147 million (2025: £104 million); and

-   an increase of 15% to the forecast EBITDA would result in an increase to the put and call option liability of £142 million (2025: £92 million).



    Current Options - Options Details




                                                                                                                Average EBITDA                      Recognised
                                                                                                                growth            Discount rate    at 31 January
    Company     Options in existence       Exercise periods             Methodology               Maximum price assumptions       applied                   2026
    Genesis     Put option whereby         The put options are          The option price is       The option    6.9%              3.39% -                  787
    Topco       JD Sports Fashion Plc      exercisable within 30        calculated based on       price shall   (2025: 13.9%)     3.64%
    Inc.        may be required to         calendar days after          a multiple of             not exceed    The lower         (2025:
                acquire the remaining      the determination of         earnings before           £1.46         average           3.91% -
                20% of the issued          the final put and call       interest, tax,            billion.      EBITDA            4.37%)
                share capital of           value for the financial      depreciation and                        growth
                Genesis Topco Inc in       period. The first put        amortisation for the                    assumptions
                two equal tranches         period will occur after      relevant financial                      reflect the
                with the ability to roll   the determination of         period, less closing                    resetting of
                over a tranche that        the put and call value       cash and debt ('net                     medium-term
                has not previously         for the financial period     debt').                                 market
                been subject to the        ending on 3 February                                                 expectations
                exercise of a put          2029.                        EBITDA is                               (as
                option.                                                 determined under                        communicated
                                           The final put option         US GAAP, and net                        to the market
                                           can be exercised             debt is calculated                      in April 2025).
                                           within a period of 30        based on
                                           days after the end of        management's
                                           the fiscal period            interpretation of the
                                           ending 2 February            contract, specifically
                                           2030.                        excluding operating
                                                                        lease liabilities,
                                                                        consistent with ASC
                                                                        840 at the contract
                                                                        date.



    Other put                                                                                                                                                68
      ti
                                                                                                                                              57
option
liabilities

Total                                                                                                                                            855
liability




7. Dividends


Dividend distribution to the Company's shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group and Company financial statements in the period in

which it is approved.



After the reporting date, the following dividend was proposed by the Directors and will be payable to all shareholders on the register at 3 July

2026. The dividends were not provided for at the reporting date. At the time of approval, the Company had sufficient distributable reserves to

support the proposed dividend.




                                                                                                                           52 weeks to     52 weeks to
                                                                                                                       31 January 2026 1 February 2025
                                                                                                                                    £m              £m

0.87 pence per ordinary share (2025: 0.67 pence)                                                                                     44            35




Dividends on Issued Ordinary Share Capital



The table below presents dividends declared and recognised in the period.




                                                                                                                       52 weeks to         52 weeks to
                                                                                                                        31 January          1 February
                                                                                                                              2026                2025
                                                                                                                                £m                  £m
Final dividend of 0.67 pence (2025: 0.60 pence) per qualifying ordinary share paid in respect of prior period, but              35                 31
not recognised as a liability in that period

Interim dividend of 0.33 pence (2025: 0.33 pence) per qualifying ordinary share paid in respect of current period               17                 17


                                                                                                                                52                 48




8. Analysis of Net Debt


Net debt consists of cash and cash equivalents together with other borrowings from bank loans and overdrafts, other loans, loan notes, lease

                                                                                                                                      58
liabilities and similar hire purchase contracts.




                                                                                                 On
                                                                                       acquisition &                                    Lease
                                                                                         disposal of                                 additions,
                                                                           As at 1     subsidiaries,                             terminations,
                                                                         February    associates and                        FX modifications &            As at 31
                                                                             2025               NCIs      Cash flow   movement reassessments             January
                                                                               £m                £m              £m        £m               £m              2026

Cash and cash equivalents                                                    731                 11            124        (12)                -             854
Overdrafts                                                                   (36)                    -          18            -               -             (18)
Cash and cash equivalents for the                                            695                 11            142        (12)                -             836
purposes of the Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows

Bank loans                                                                  (643)                    -          56          61                -           (525)
Net cash before lease liabilities                                               52               11            198          49                -             311
Lease liabilities                                                         (3,059)                    -         508          28           (615)          (3,138)
Total liabilities from financing activities                               (3,702)                    -         564          89           (615)          (3,663)
Net (debt)/cash                                                           (3,007)                11            706          77           (615)          (2,827)



                                                                                             On
                                                                                   acquisition &                                        Lease
                                                                                     disposal of                                     additions,
                                                                          As at 3  subsidiaries,                                 terminations,           As at 1
                                                                        February associates and                            FX modifications &          February
                                                                            2024            NCIs         Cash flow    movement reassessments               2025
                                                                              £m             £m                 £m         £m               £m               £m

Cash and cash equivalents                                                 1,153                76           (498)             -               -             731
Overdrafts                                                                  (60)                 -             24                             -             (36)
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       9                -            (9)             -               -                 -
held-for-sale
Cash and cash equivalents for the                                         1,102                76           (483)             -               -             695
purposes of the Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows

Bank loans                                                                  (70)           (228)            (364)           19                -           (643)
Net cash/(debt) before lease liabilities                                  1,032            (152)            (847)           19                -               52
Lease liabilities                                                       (2,484)            (381)             420            12           (626)          (3,059)
Total liabilities from financing activities                             (2,554)            (609)               56           31           (626)          (3,702)
Net (debt)/cash                                                         (1,452)            (533)            (427)           31           (626)          (3,007)




In addition to the liabilities included in the table above, the Group has accrued put and call option liabilities at 31 January 2026 of £855 million

(2025: £857 million), which are not classified as net debt in the note above.



9. Cash flows from operating activities




                                                                                                                                  52 weeks to 31    52 weeks to 1
                                                                                                                                    January 2026    February 2025
                                                                                                                                              £m               £m

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the period                                                                                                                      468              540
Adjustments for:
                                                                                                                                               59
Income tax expense                                                                                                                     161            175
Finance expenses (non-adjusting)                                                                                                       194            153
Finance expenses (adjusting)                                                                                                           (25)                62
Financial income (non-adjusting)                                                                                                       (11)           (27)
Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets (non-adjusting)                                                                    897            729
Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets (adjusting)                                                                          69                57
Share-based payment charge                                                                                                                5                 1
(Profit)/loss on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                         (3)                18
Profit on disposal of subsidiaries/associates/joint ventures (adjusting)                                                                   -          (81)
Loss/(gain) on FX forward contracts                                                                                                      16           (10)
Impairment of other intangibles and non-current assets (non-adjusting)                                                                   17                12
Impairment of goodwill and fascia names (adjusting)                                                                                      15                 5
Impairment of other intangibles and non-current assets (adjusting)                                                                       98           108
Other non-cash items (non-adjusting)                                                                                                   (12)                  -
Other non-cash items (adjusting)                                                                                                         62                24
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees (net of tax)                                                                                 -               (5)
Profit before working capital changes                                                                                                1,951          1,761
Increase in inventories                                                                                                                (55)           (10)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                                     (84)                32
Decrease in trade and other payables                                                                                                  (109)          (159)
Cash generated from operations                                                                                                       1,703          1,624




10. Contingent Liabilities


Contingent liabilities are potential future cash outflows, where the likelihood of payment is considered more than remote but is not considerable

probable or cannot be fully measured.



The activities of the Group are overseen by regulators around the world and, whilst the Group strives to ensure full compliance with all its

regulatory obligations, periodic reviews are inevitable, which may result in a financial penalty. If the risk of a financial penalty arising from one of

these reviews is more than remote but not probable or cannot be measured reliably then the Group will disclose this matter as a contingent

liability. If the risk of a financial penalty is considered probable and can be measured reliably then the Group would make a provision for this

matter.



The Group had no material contingent liabilities at 31 January 2026 (2025: none).


11. Post Balance Sheet Events


Disposal of Interest in JD Israel

On 15 February 2026, the Group completed the disposal of its interest in the JD Israel joint venture entities to its joint venture partner, MGS, for

nil consideration.



A provision in respect of the exit was recognised in the year. See Note 3 for further information.



Share Buyback

As announced on 23 February 2026, the Company has commenced a further share buyback programme to repurchase ordinary shares with a

market value of up to £200 million, in addition to the two £100 million schemes both completed during FY26. The purpose of the programme is

to reduce share capital and, accordingly, the shares repurchased will be cancelled or held in treasury. The first tranche of £100 million will

complete by 31 July 2026, with the second following thereafter for the sum of up to £100 million.

                                                                                                                                           60
Disposal of Interest in Applied Nutrition

Subsequent to the reporting date of 31 January 2026, the Group committed to a plan to dispose of its remaining investment in Applied Nutrition.

No such decision had been made as at the reporting date.



Accordingly, the criteria for classification as held for sale under IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations were

met only after the reporting date, and the investment has therefore not been classified as held for sale at 31 January 2026.



In March and April 2026, the Group reduced its shareholding from 9.78% to 9.1% through a series of partial disposals, generating proceeds of

approximately £2 million. On 16 April 2026, the Group disposed of its remaining 9.1% shareholding for cash proceeds of £49 million.




12. Prior Period Adjustments


During the period, the Group identified an adjustment relating to the classification of certain prior year expenses. The impact of this adjustment

on the Consolidated Income Statement is presented below:




                                                           52 weeks to 1 February 2025
                                                                                                Reported           Adjustment               Restated
                                                                                                     £m                   £m                     £m
Revenue                                                                                            11,458                      -               11,458
Cost of sales                                                                                      (5,995)                 (91)               (6,086)
Gross profit                                                                                        5,463                  (91)                 5,372
Selling and distribution expenses                                                                  (3,933)                   91               (3,842)
Administrative expenses                                                                              (657)                     -                (657)
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees                                                            5                     -                       5
Other operating income                                                                                 25                      -                      25
Operating profit                                                                                      903                      -                     903
Finance income                                                                                         27                      -                      27
Finance expenses                                                                                     (215)                     -                (215)
Net finance expense                                                                                  (188)                     -                (188)
Profit before tax                                                                                     715                      -                     715
Income tax expense                                                                                   (175)                     -                (175)
Profit for the period                                                                                 540                      -                     540




Adjustment - classification of expenses within cost of sales and selling and distribution



As part of the FY26 close process, the Group has reclassified certain costs related to commercial activities and logistics, to reflect more

appropriate accounting presentation within the income statement.



The result is a net £91 million reclassification from operating costs to cost of sales; accordingly, comparative amounts for the 52-week period

ended 1 February 2025 have been restated.



                                                                                                                                      61
This adjustment has no impact on profit for the period or the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.



Disclosure adjustments

Certain prior period disclosure amounts have been reclassified for presentation purposes; refer to Note 2 (segmental revenue channel split),

and the Alternative Performance Measures section (free cash flow).




Alternative Performance Measures
The Directors measure the performance of the Group based on a range of financial measures, including measures not recognised by UK-

adopted International Accounting Standards. These Alternative Performance Measures ('APMs') may not be directly comparable with other

companies' APMs and the Directors do not intend these to be a substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measures. The Directors believe that these

APMs assist in providing additional useful information on the trading performance of the Group and enhance the comparability of information

between reporting periods, notably by excluding adjusting items.



APMs have been updated in FY26 following a comprehensive review and refresh of the Group's Key Performance Indicators ('KPIs') during the

year, particularly in relation to non-financial measures. The updated KPIs are intended to better reflect how the business is managed and how

performance is assessed against the Group's strategic priorities. As a result, certain APM definitions and adjustments have been revised to

ensure alignment with the updated KPI framework. Prior period comparatives have been disclosed, where appropriate, to maintain consistency

and comparability.



Profit Before Tax and Adjusting Items

Profit before tax and adjusting items highlights our profitability excluding adjusting items but after our net finance expense which includes both

debt and lease financing costs.



Adjusted Basic Earnings Per Share

The calculation of basic earnings per share is detailed in Note 5 to the financial statements. Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share has

been based on the profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent for each financial period but excluding the post-tax effect of

adjusting items. A reconciliation between basic earnings per share and adjusted basic earnings per share is shown below:




                                                                                                                               2026               2025

Basic earnings per share per Note 5                                                                                          8.63p               9.50p
Adjusting items                                                                                                              3.95p               3.76p
Tax relating to adjusting items                                                                                            (0.87)p            (0.87)p
Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                                 11.71p               12.39p




Adjusting Items

The Group exercises judgement in assessing whether items should be classified as adjusting items.



The separate reporting of items, which are presented as adjusting items within the relevant category in the Consolidated Income Statement,

                                                                                                                                      62
helps provide an indication of the Group's trading performance in the normal course of business. An explanation as to why individual items

have been classified as adjusting is given in Note 3 to this release.



Furthermore, APMs excluding adjusting items are intended to enhance the comparability of information between reporting periods and

to help to provide an indication of the Group's trading performance.



Capital Expenditure

Capital Expenditure is the measure of total cash invested each period to maintain or build new retail fascias, logistics infrastructure,

or technology assets. This investment is in the ongoing business and is invested to deliver growth in organic sales or improvements in gross

profit or operating profit. This APM is therefore useful to understand the investment the Company is making in its ongoing assets for which a

return on investment is expected in the future.



This measure excludes other items within net cash used in investing activities in the cash flow statement as these are not related to

investments in the ongoing business, but to acquisitions, investments or disposals of subsidiaries or joint ventures, proceeds of sale of non-

current assets or interest received.



The table below details the cash flow expenditure on capital investment as detailed in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.




                                                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                                                            £m                £m

Acquisition of intangibles (software development)                                                                           34                   28
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                                               367              487
Total capital expenditure                                                                                                  401              515




An alternative presentation of this is as follows:




                                                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                                                            £m                £m

Stores & gyms                                                                                                              331              346
Supply chain infrastructure                                                                                                 44              110
Technology and other                                                                                                        26                   59
Total capital expenditure                                                                                                  401              515




Effective Tax Rate Before Adjusting Items

Being the adjusted tax charge as a percentage of the adjusted profit before tax as outlined in the Consolidated Income Statement.




                                                                                                                                    63
                                                                                                                            2026               2025
                                                                                                                             £m                  £m

Income tax expense before adjusting items                                                                                   211                222
Profit before tax and adjusting items                                                                                       852                923
Effective tax rate before adjusting items                                                                                24.8%               24.1%




Income Tax Expense Before Adjusting Items

Income tax expense before the impact of adjusting items as shown in the Consolidated Income Statement and used in the Adjusted Effective

Rate of Taxation measure shown above.




                                                                                                                            2026               2025
                                                                                                                             £m                  £m

Income tax expense                                                                                                          161                175
Effect of adjusting items on income tax                                                                                      50                 47
Income tax expense before adjusting items                                                                                   211                222




Operating Cash Flow Net of Lease Repayments

Operating cashflow net of lease repayments is the movement in cash and cash equivalents period on period excluding the impact of working

capital, capital expenditure, income taxes, acquisition of subsidiaries or non-controlling interests, cash proceeds from disposals, purchase of

equity investments, dividends paid to equity shareholders and non-controlling interests.



Free Cash Flow

Free cash flow represents the period-on-period movement in cash and cash equivalents generated from the Group's underlying operations. It

excludes cash flows relating to adjusting items, acquisitions or disposals, share buybacks, equity investments, dividends paid to shareholders

and non-controlling interests, and the drawdown or repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings. This performance measure provides

insight into the cash generated from the Group's underlying operations, including capital expenditure reinvested in the business. It excludes

cash flows associated with capital allocation and financing decisions (dividends, share buybacks, disposals, acquisitions and debt principal

movements) and cash flows related to operating adjusting items, as these are not considered to reflect the underlying performance of the

business. This has been re-named from the prior year presentation 'Net cash flow before dividends, financing, acquisitions and disposals'.




                                                                                                                                                  (1)
                                                                                                                                          Restated
                                                                                                                      52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                                                                    64
                                                                                                                                                         31 January 2026          1 February 2025
                                                                                                                                                                     £m                        £m


Profit before tax                                                                                                                                                    629                     715
Add back impairments of tangible, intangible assets and investments                                                                                                  130                     125
Add back other non-cash adjusting items                                                                                                                                62                    109
Add back cash adjusting items                                                                                                                                           4                       -
Add back non-lease net finance expense                                                                                                                                  9                       -
Less profit on disposal of associates                                                                                                                                   -                    (75)
Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets                                                                                                                  966                     786
Repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                                                                                (508)                   (420)
Other(1)                                                                                                                                                               17                      27
Operating cash flow net of lease repayments                                                                                                                        1,309                   1,267
Change in working capital                                                                                                                                          (248)                   (137)
Capital expenditure                                                                                                                                                (401)                   (515)
Acquisition of non-current assets(1)                                                                                                                                 (12)                    (19)
Income taxes paid                                                                                                                                                  (165)                   (243)
Non-lease net interest paid(1)                                                                                                                                       (21)                    (14)
Free cash flow(1)                                                                                                                                                    462                     339
Cash outflow on adjusting items                                                                                                                                       (4)                       -
Repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                                                                 (463)                   (501)
Drawdown of interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                                                                    407                     865
Payment of arrangement fees on refinancing                                                                                                                            (7)                       -
Acquisition of subsidiaries and NCI                                                                                                                                     -                (1,157)
Cash consideration of disposals                                                                                                                                         -                      95
Cash received under shareholder arrangements relating to a subsidiary                                                                                                  11                       -
Equity dividends paid                                                                                                                                                (52)                    (48)
Share buyback programme                                                                                                                                            (201)                        -
Dividends paid to NCI in subsidiaries net of dividend received                                                                                                          -                       -
Change in cash and cash equivalents(2)                                                                                                                               153                   (407)
Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the period(2)                                                                                                              695                   1,102
Foreign exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 (12)                       -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period(2)                                                                                                                836                     695




(1) The Group has updated its cash flow KPI from operating cash flow net of lease repayments to free cash flow. As a result, acquisition of non-current assets and non-lease net interest paid

are now presented as separate line items within free cash flow (previously included within 'Other' operating cash flows in FY25). Prior year comparatives have been represented for

comparability, however, there is no net impact on free cash flow or the metric under its previous title.

(2) Cash and cash equivalents equates to the cash and cash equivalents presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, as reconciled in Note 8.




Net Cash Before Lease Liabilities

Net cash before lease liabilities consists of cash and cash equivalents together with other borrowings from bank loans and overdrafts but

before lease liabilities.



Net cash before lease liabilities is a measure of the Group's net indebtedness that provides an indicator of the overall strength of the

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. It is also a single measure that can be used to assess the combined effect of the Group's cash

position and its indebtedness. Net cash before lease liabilities is considered to be an APM as it is not defined in IFRS. The most directly

comparable IFRS measure is the aggregate of borrowings and lease liabilities (current and non-current) and cash and cash equivalents.

A reconciliation of these measures with net cash can be found in Note 8.




                                                                                                                                                                      2026                       2025
                                                                                                                                                                       £m                          £m

Net debt                                                                                                                                                         (2,827)                 (3,007)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                  3,138                   3,059
Net cash before lease liabilities                                                                                                                                    311                      52




                                                                                                                                                                               65
Net Finance Expense Before Adjusting Items

Net finance expense before adjusting items consists of the net of finance income and finance expense before adjusting items included within

finance income and expense. Net finance expenses is a measure of the Group's net finance expense before the impact of any movement in

valuation of put and call options, and impairment loss on financial assets.




                                                                                                                           52 weeks               52 weeks
                                                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                                                                 £m                     £m

Net finance expenses                                                                                                           (158)                  (188)
Adjusting items (in finance expenses)                                                                                           (25)                     62
Net finance expense before adjusting items                                                                                     (183)                  (126)




The table below shows a reconciliation of statutory operating profit for the 52-week period ended 31 January 2026 to the alternative

performance measure, operating profit before adjusting items after lease interest for the same 52-week period ended 31 January 2026.




                                                                                      Operating profit   IFRS 16 lease    Adjusting items    Operating profit
                                                                                     before adjusting          interest                        for the period
                                                                                     items after lease
                                                                                              interest

                                                                                           52 weeks          52 weeks          52 weeks           52 weeks
                                                                                               2026              2026              2026               2026
                                                                                                 £m                £m                £m                 £m

JD Group Total
JD
JD UK Total                                                                                     274                22              (13)                 283
JD & Finish Line NAM                                                                            142                30              (50)                 122
JD Asia Pacific                                                                                  58                10                 -                  68
JD Europe                                                                                        88                40              (78)                  50
JD Total                                                                                        562               102             (141)                 523

Complementary Athleisure
Community                                                                                       211                21              (64)                 168
Complementary                                                                                    32                12              (26)                  18
Complementary Athleisure Total                                                                  243                33              (90)                 186

Sporting Goods & Outdoor
Outdoor                                                                                           (3)               4               (8)                  (7)
Sporting Goods                                                                                    84               10               (9)                  85
Sporting Goods & Outdoor Total                                                                    81               14              (17)                  78

TOTAL GROUP                                                                                     886               149             (248)                 787




The table below shows a reconciliation of statutory operating profit for the 52-week period ended 1 February 2025 to the alternative

performance measure, operating profit before adjusting items after lease interest for 52-week period ended 1 February 2025.




                                                                                                                                            66
                                                                                            Operating profit       IFRS 16 lease         Adjusting items    Operating profit
                                                                                           before adjusting              interest                             for the period
                                                                                                 items after
                                                                                           interest on lease
                                                                                                    liabilities

                                                                                                  52 weeks             52 weeks               52 weeks             52 weeks
                                                                                                      2025                 2025                   2025                 2025
                                                                                                        £m                   £m                     £m                   £m

JD Group Total
JD
JD UK Total                                                                                             291                  19                   (12)                 298
JD & Finish Line NAM                                                                                    232                  24                    (7)                 249
JD Asia Pacific                                                                                          62                   8                      -                  70
JD Europe                                                                                                80                  30                   (29)                  81
JD Total                                                                                                665                  81                   (48)                 698

Complementary Athleisure
Community                                                                                               186                  15                   (65)                 136
Complementary                                                                                             7                   4                   (22)                 (11)
Complementary Athleisure Total                                                                          193                  19                   (87)                 125

Sporting Goods & Outdoor
Outdoor                                                                                                    6                  3                    (3)                    6
Sporting Goods                                                                                            73                  9                    (8)                   74
Sporting Goods & Outdoor Total                                                                            79                 12                   (11)                   80

TOTAL GROUP                                                                                             937                 112                  (146)                 903




Sales Growth Reconciliation

The table below shows a reconciliation of Organic Sales Growth for each reporting and operating segment for the unaudited 52-week period

ended 1 February 2025 and reconciled to the 52-week period ended 31 January 2026. The analysis is split over two tables.




                                    Revenue         Impact of   FY25 Revenue     Impact of 2025            Revenue      Acquisitions       Organic sales        Revenue 2026
                                        2025 retranslating at    at FY26 rates     M&A activity             rebased            2026              growth
                                                   2026 rates                                                  2025                                2026

                                         £m               £m               £m               £m                    £m                £m                 £m                £m



JD UK                                 2,662                -           2,662              (11)                2,652                  -              (45)              2,607
JD Europe                             2,199               45           2,244                 -                2,244                  -              164               2,408
JD North America                      2,436             (99)           2,337                 -                2,337                  -                67              2,403
JD Asia Pacific                         501             (15)             486                 -                  486                  -                41                527
Total JD                              7,798             (69)           7,729              (11)                7,719                  -              226               7,945

Community                             1,806             (77)           1,729                 -                1,729             583                   65              2,376
Complementary                           359               10             369               (7)                  362             522                 (52)                832
Complementary Athleisure              2,165             (67)           2,098               (7)                2,091           1,105                   13              3,208

Sporting Goods                          952               18             970               (1)                  969                  -                37              1,006
Outdoor                                 543                -             543               (6)                  537                  -              (35)                503
Sporting Goods & Outdoor              1,495               18           1,513               (7)                1,506                  -                 2              1,509

TOTAL GROUP                          11,458            (118)          11,340              (24)              11,316            1,105                  242            12,662




                                                                                                                                                           67
                                                                                   LFL        Non LFL          LFL          Non-LFL         Organic sales
                                                                         2026      2026           2026                                            growth

                                                                          £m        £m             £m           %                  %                   %

JD UK                                                                   2,607      (92)            47       (3.5)%           1.8%                (1.7)%
JD Europe                                                               2,408      (58)           222       (2.6)%           9.9%                  7.3%
JD North America                                                        2,403      (67)           134       (2.9)%           5.7%                  2.9%
JD Asia Pacific                                                           527         2            40         0.4%           8.1%                  8.5%
Total JD                                                                7,945     (215)           442       (2.8)%           5.7%                  2.9%

Community                                                               2,376       (5)            70       (0.3)%            4.0%                3.7%
Complementary                                                             832      (17)          (35)       (4.6)%          (9.7)%             (14.3)%
Complementary Athleisure                                                3,208      (22)            35       (1.0)%            1.7%                0.6%

Sporting Goods                                                          1,006        32              5        3.3%            0.5%                 3.8%
Outdoor                                                                   503      (31)            (3)      (5.8)%          (0.6)%               (6.4)%
Sporting Goods & Outdoor                                                1,509         1              2        0.0%            0.1%                 0.2%

TOTAL GROUP                                                            12,662     (237)           478       (2.1%)           4.2%                 2.1%




Sales Growth

One of the key measures of performance is the growth in sales between reporting periods excluding the impact of currency.

The figures below are extracted from the Organic Sales Growth table.




                                                                                                                                       Sales Growth
                                                                                                                                                 £m
Revenue 52 weeks 2025                                                                                                                         11,458
Impact of retranslating at 2026 currency rate                                                                                                      (118)
                                                                                                                                                 11,340
Revenue 52 weeks 2026                                                                                                                           12,662
Sales Growth                                                                                                                                     11.7%




The table below shows the reconciliation between cost of sales before adjusting items, and cost of sales.




                                                                                                                                              Restated(1)
                                                                                                                      52 weeks                 52 weeks
                                                                                                                          2026                      2025
                                                                                                                            £m                       £m
Cost of sales before adjusting items                                                                                   (6,711)                  (6,077)
Adjusting items within Cost of sales                                                                                           -                     (9)
Cost of sales                                                                                                          (6,711)                  (6,086)




(1) Please refer to Note 12 for further details of the restatements.




                                                                                                                                       68
The table below shows the reconciliation between operating costs before adjusting items and operating costs




                                                                                                                                                        (1)
                                                                                                                                                Restated
                                                                                                                               52 weeks          52 weeks
                                                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                                                                     £m                £m
Selling and distribution expenses                                                                                              (4,388)           (3,842)
Administrative expenses before adjusting items                                                                                   (560)              (520)
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees                                                                                          -                5
Other operating income                                                                                                                32               25
Operating costs before adjusting items                                                                                         (4,916)           (4,332)
Adjusting items within administrative expenses                                                                                   (248)              (137)
Operating costs                                                                                                                (5,164)           (4,469)




(1) Please refer to Note 12 for further details of the restatements.




Gross Margin Excluding the Impact of Acquisitions

Gross margin excluding the impact of acquisitions is an alternative performance measure used by management to assess the underlying

profitability of the Group's operations by removing the effect of acquisitions completed during the reporting period. This measure facilitates

comparison with prior periods and better reflects organic performance.



Operating Margin Before Adjusting Items After Interest on Lease Liabilities

In FY25 we updated our APM metric on operating profit to include interest on lease liabilities so that both the depreciation and interest costs of

our leases under IFRS 16 are included in this APM. This gives a more accurate view of our operating performance (in line with how operating

profit would have traditionally been reported and understood with the full cost of servicing a property portfolio included in operating

performance).



Operating Profit Before Adjusting Items after Interest on Lease Liabilities

A reconciliation is presented above between operating profit and operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities by

segment and sub‑segment.



International Sales as a % of Total Sales

One of the key performance indicators for revenue generated from customers outside the Group's home market in the UK, as a proportion of

total Group revenue for the period. Sales are allocated to international markets based on the location of the business the product has been

despatched from. A growing proportion of international sales aligns with a global strategy of growth in key markets of NAM and Europe, as well

as development of APAC including leveraging franchises in this region. This APM is new in FY26 to align with the updated KPI.



Online Sales Penetration %

A KPI to measure progress in delivering our integrated omni-channel model is Online sales penetration, being revenue that originated through

the Group's online channels, expressed as a percentage of total Group revenue for the period. Online sales include transactions completed

via the Group's websites, mobile applications and other digital platforms, including 'ship-from-store' and 'click & collect' sales.



Organic Sales Growth

                                                                                                                                           69
              Organic Sales Growth is a key measure of performance and represents the change in sales between reporting periods excluding the impact of

              foreign exchange movements, acquisitions and disposals.

              Organic Sales Growth is calculated at constant currency, using the average exchange rates of the current period applied to both current and

              prior period sales. Sales from businesses disposed of in the prior period or the current period, and sales from businesses classified as held-for-

              sale at the end of the current period are removed from prior period sales to provide a suitable base for comparison. Organic Sales Growth for

              the current period then excludes sales from acquisitions during the first 12 months following acquisition, and sales from businesses disposed of

              during the current period or classified as held-for-sale at the end of the current period.

              This isolates Organic Sales Growth to the percentage change in the year-on-year sales growth from existing stores. Organic Sales Growth is

              split into Like-For-Like ('LFL') sales from existing stores compared year on year, and sales from net new space and store conversions which are

              not LFL period on period ('non-LFL').



              Like-For-Like Sales Growth

              Like-For-Like sales growth represents the year-on-year change in sales from stores that have traded for the full duration of both the current and

              prior reporting periods, excluding the impact of store openings, closures, relocations, and conversions. LFL sales therefore reflect underlying

              sales performance from the same store estate on a consistent basis.



              Sales Growth from Net New Space

              Non-LFL sales growth represents sales generated from new store openings, store conversions, including moving stores between

              reporting segments, and other changes to the store estate that do not qualify as Like-For-Like between reporting periods. Non-LFL sales

              capture the sales impact of net new space and changes to the Group's store footprint in total and per segment.



              Foreign Exchange Rates




                                                                                                                Period Closing rates                   Average rates

                                                                                                               52 weeks to       52 weeks to       52 weeks to        52 weeks to
                                                                                                           31 January 2026   1 February 2025   31 January 2026    1 February 2025

              USD                                                                                                   1.37               1.24             1.33               1.28
              EUR                                                                                                   1.15               1.20             1.16               1.18




This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the
Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions
relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact
rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.


RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with
                                                                                                                                                                 70
the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as
part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the
personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy.


END




FR EAESKEDNKEAA




                                                                                                                    71
