               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               HALF YEAR REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
               APPENDIX 4D (ASX Listing rule 4.2A)




For personal use only
               RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                        2016               2015
                                                                                      UP / DOWN        % CHANGE           $m                 $m
               Revenue from ordinary activities                                             Down           0.7 %        8,179             8,235
               Net profit/(loss) after tax from ordinary activities attributable to
               shareholders of the Parent                                                  Down            4.3 %             446             466
               Net profit/(loss) attributable to IAG shareholders                          Down            4.3 %             446             466



               DIVIDENDS - ORDINARY SHARES                                                              AMOUNT               FRANKED AMOUNT
                                                                                                   PER SECURITY                 PER SECURITY
               Interim dividend                                                                       13.0 cents                   13.0 cents
               Dividend component of off-market share buy-back                                       192.0 cents                  192.0 cents



               INTERIM DIVIDEND DATE
               Record date                                                                                                          1 March 2017
               Payment date                                                                                                        30 March 2017


               The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate by acquiring shares on-market with no discount applied. The last
               date for the receipt of an election notice for participation in the Company's DRP is 2 March 2017. The DRP Issue Price will be
               based on a volume weighted average price for a 10 day trading window from 6 March 2017 to 17 March 2017 inclusive.

               IAG has set a minimum participation level for the DRP for the 2017 interim dividend, meaning only shareholders with at least 85
               ordinary shares can participate in the DRP on this occasion. This means that some shareholders who might ordinarily participate in
               the DRP will receive a cash dividend for the 2017 interim dividend instead of being allocated additional shares under the DRP.

               Eligible shareholders may now lodge their DRP elections electronically by logging on to IAG's share registry, Computershare, on
               their website at www.computershare.com.au.




               Additional Appendix 4D disclosure requirements can be found in the half year financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited
               for the period ended 31 December 2016 (Attachment A). This report is also to be read in conjunction with the annual report of
               Insurance Australia Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2016 and any public announcements made by Insurance Australia
               Group Limited during the reporting period in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
               and the ASX Listing Rules.
               The report is based on the consolidated half year financial statements which have been reviewed by KPMG.




               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                                                                                                1
               ATTACHMENT A
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
               HALF YEAR REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016




For personal use only



               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                       2
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP
               LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923




For personal use only
               FINANCIAL REPORT
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               TABLE OF CONTENTS


               Directors' Report
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                      1
               Lead Auditor's Independence Declaration
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                      11
               Consolidated Financial Statements
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                      12
               Directors' Declaration
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                      25
               Independent Auditor's Review Report
                ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                       26




For personal use only
               DIRECTORS' REPORT
               The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its
               subsidiaries for the half year ended 31 December 2016 and the Auditor's Report thereon.

               The following terminology is used throughout the financial report:
                   IAG, Parent or Company - Insurance Australia Group Limited; and
                   Group or Consolidated - the Consolidated entity consists of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its subsidiaries.




For personal use only
               DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               The names and details of the Company's Directors in office at any time during or since the end of the half year are as follows.
               Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

               Elizabeth Bryan (Director since 5 December 2014), Duncan Boyle (Director appointed 23 December 2016), Alison Deans (Director
               since 1 February 2013), Hugh Fletcher (Director since 1 September 2007), Peter Harmer (Director since 16 November 2015),
               Raymond Lim (Director from 1 February 2013 to 20 February 2017), Jonathan Nicholson (Director since 1 September 2015), Helen
               Nugent (Director appointed 23 December 2016), Tom Pockett (Director since 1 January 2015) and Philip Twyman (Director since 9
               July 2008).

               PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY
               The principal continuing activity of the Group is the underwriting of general insurance and related corporate services and investing
               activities. The Group reports its financial information under the following business divisions:

               DIVISION           OVERVIEW                                                                     PRODUCTS
               Consumer Division  Consumer insurance products are sold in Australia through branches, call     Short tail insurance
               (Australia)        centres, the internet and representatives, under the following brands:          Motor vehicle
                                     NRMA Insurance in NSW, ACT, Queensland and Tasmania;                        Home and contents
               53% of Group gross  SGIO in Western Australia;
                                                                                                                  Lifestyle and leisure,
               written premium
                                     SGIC in South Australia;                                                     such as boat, veteran
               (GWP)
                                     RACV in Victoria, via a distribution agreement with RACV;                    and classic car and
                                     Coles Insurance nationally, via a distribution agreement with Coles; and     caravan
                                     CGU through affinity and financial institution partnerships and broker   Long tail insurance
                                      and agent channels.
                                                                                                                  Compulsory Third Party
                                                                                                                   (motor injury liability)
                                  Consumer Division also includes travel insurance, life insurance, income
                                    protection and funeral products which are underwritten by third parties.

               Business DivisionBusiness insurance products are sold in Australia through a network of        Short tail insurance
               (Australia)      around 2,000 intermediaries, such as brokers, agents, motor dealerships          Business packages
                                and financial institutions. Business Division is a leading provider of           Farm and crop
               25% of Group GWP business and farm insurance, and also provides workers' compensation
                                                                                                                 Commercial property
                                services in every state and territory, except South Australia and Queensland.
                                                                                                                 Construction and
                                Business Division operates across Australia under the following brands:           engineering
                                    CGU Insurance;                                                              Niche, such as consumer
                                                                                                                  credit
                                    Swann Insurance;
                                                                                                                 Commercial motor and
                                    WFI;                                                                         fleet motor
                                    NRMA Insurance;                                                             Marine
                                    RACV;
                                    SGIC; and                                                                Long tail insurance
                                    SGIO.                                                                       Workers' compensation
                                                                                                                 Professional indemnity
                                                                                                                 Directors' and officers'
                                                                                                                 Public and products
                                                                                                                  liability




                                                                                                                                                  1
               DIVISION         OVERVIEW                                                                     PRODUCTS
               New Zealand      The New Zealand business is the leading general insurance provider in the Short tail insurance
                                country in both the direct and broker/agent channels. Insurance products       Motor vehicle
               19% of Group GWP are provided directly to customers primarily under the State and AMI brands,  Home and contents
                                and indirectly through insurance brokers and agents, under the NZI and
                                                                                                               Commercial property,
                                Lumley Insurance brands. Personal products and simplified commercial
                                                                                                                motor and fleet motor
                                products are also distributed through agents and under third party brands by
                                corporate partners, which include large financial institutions.                Construction and
                                                                                                                engineering
                                                                                                               Niche, such as pleasure




For personal use only
                                                                                                                craft, boat, caravan and
                                                                                                                travel
                                                                                                               Rural and horticultural
                                                                                                               Marine

                                                                                                                    Long tail insurance
                                                                                                                       Personal liability
                                                                                                                       Commercial liability

               Asia                 The Group has interests in five general insurance businesses in Asia, which
                                    comprises the direct and intermediated insurance business underwritten
               3% of Group GWP      through subsidiaries in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia and the share of
                                    the operating result from the investment in associates in Malaysia and India.
                                    The businesses offer personal and commercial insurance products through
                                    local brands.

               Corporate and other Corporate and other comprises other activities, including corporate services,
                                   capital management activity, shareholders’ funds investment activities and
                                   inward reinsurance from associates.


               OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
               OPERATING RESULT FOR THE HALF YEAR
               During the half year ended 31 December 2016, IAG continued to deliver a sound operating performance, in an environment of
               increased claim cost pressures. GWP growth was slightly higher than expected, as IAG responded to those claim cost issues via
               increased premium rates, while the Group’s underlying margin was slightly softer than expected.

               Short tail personal lines businesses in both Australia and New Zealand generated solid growth. While higher rates dominated GWP
               growth in the period, these were supplemented by ongoing volume advances in motor, in both markets. Underlying short tail
               profitability was strong. Long tail Compulsory Third Party (CTP) profitability remained under pressure, particularly in NSW, where IAG
               has a market-leading position. Regular rate increases in that market have countered claims inflation, serving to check any further
               deterioration in current year profitability, however returns were poor.

               Commercial lines reflected the earned-through effect of cumulative past rate reductions and volume loss. In Australia, there is
               evidence of pricing having passed the bottom of the cycle, with business retention levels proving better than expected. This
               resulted in a slightly improved underlying margin from the Business Division over the preceding half. In New Zealand, early signs of
               commercial rate improvement are emerging.

               Asia delivered a lower result which was impacted by increased competitive pressures in both Thailand and Malaysia. This was
               reflected in flat proportional GWP, despite strong ongoing growth in India.

               Compared to the half year ended 31 December 2015, IAG’s reported insurance profit bore an increase in net natural peril claim
               costs of over $140 million, influenced by the earthquake event in New Zealand in November 2016. Peril costs were countered by
               higher prior period reserve releases from Australian long tail classes, which exceeded expectations.

               IAG’s optimisation program saw a range of cost-out initiatives commenced in the current half year. Progress to date has been in
               line with expectations. As foreshadowed, a small net negative was borne within the current half year insurance profit, as modest
               initial benefits were more than offset by related implementation costs.

               Net profit after tax
               The Group's profit after tax for the half year was $491 million (31 December 2015-$506 million). After adjusting for non-controlling
               interests in the Group result, net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company was $446 million (31 December 2015-
               $466 million) and was approximately 4% lower than the corresponding half year. This outcome included:
                   a significantly higher contribution from investment income on shareholders’ funds, incorporating stronger equity market
                    returns; and
                   a higher tax rate of approximately 18%, compared to a 12% rate in the corresponding half year.




               2 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               Gross written premium
               Total GWP of $5,802 million represented a 4.7% increase compared to the corresponding half year and was slightly higher than the
               expectation built into IAG’s initial ‘relatively flat’ GWP growth guidance for Financial Year 2017. Driving this better than expected
               outcome were:
                   rate response to claim cost pressures in short tail lines;
                   higher than anticipated retention of business in Australian commercial lines; and
                   an overall positive foreign exchange translation effect (approximately 0.8%).

               In addition, the current half year GWP outcome contained:
                   an initial nearly $40 million contribution from IAG’s entry into the South Australian CTP market from 1 July 2016, within




For personal use only
                    Consumer Division;
                   the absence of over $60 million of GWP owing to the divestment of the Swann motor dealership business in early August
                    2016, within Business Division; and
                   an approximately $30 million increment from the increased collection of the Emergency Services Levy (ESL) in NSW. This
                    effect will reverse in the second half of the current financial year, ahead of ESL's planned abolition from 1 July 2017.

               Insurance margin
               IAG’s current half year reported insurance profit of $571 million (31 December 2015-$610 million) was over 6% lower than the
               corresponding half year. The reported insurance margin of 13.5% (31 December 2015-14.9%) included:
                   net natural peril claim costs of $420 million (31 December 2015-$278 million), with the New Zealand earthquake event in
                    November 2016 contributing $117 million;
                   higher than expected prior period reserve releases of $155 million, equivalent to 3.7% of Net Earned Premium (NEP), up from
                    $60 million (1.5% of NEP) in the corresponding half year. These were largely derived from Australian long tail classes,
                    principally CTP;
                   a favourable credit spread impact of $5 million, compared to an adverse effect of $15 million in the corresponding half year;
                    and
                   a slight deterioration in the underlying margin, as outlined below.

               Underlying margin
               IAG delivered a sound overall underlying margin of 12.6% (31 December 2015-14.2%). This comprised continued strong
               performance from the consumer businesses in Australia and New Zealand, offset by a continuation of the impact of a competitive
               market environment affecting the commercial businesses. In overall terms, the underlying performance was slightly softer than
               anticipated, and included:
                   an adverse impact of approximately 70 basis points from a $40 million (about 13%) increase in natural perils allowance to
                    $340 million;
                   the cumulative earned-through effect of rate reductions and volume loss in commercial lines;
                   a slight drag from the Satellite business (in the Consumer Division), which delivered strong growth but operates at a lower level
                    of profitability;
                   a lower result from the consolidated Asian operations (Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia), which collectively moved into loss;
                    and
                   lower investment returns.

               The impact of the Berkshire Hathaway quota share was similar to the corresponding half year.

               IAG defines its underlying margin as the reported insurance margin adjusted for:
                   net natural peril claim costs less the related allowance for the period;
                   reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP; and
                   credit spread movements.

                                                                                                                             31 December                            31 December
                                                                                                                                    2016                                   2015
               INSURANCE MARGIN                                                                                    $m                   %                    $m               %
               Reported insurance margin*                                                                         571                13.5                   610             14.9
               Net natural peril claim costs less allowance                                                        80                 1.9                    (22)           (0.6)
               Reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP                                                           (113)               (2.7)                   (19)           (0.5)
               Credit spread movements                                                                              (5)              (0.1)                    15             0.4
               Underlying insurance margin                                                                        533                12.6                   584             14.2
               *        Reported insurance margin is the insurance profit/(loss) as a percentage of NEP as disclosed in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

               Tax Expense
               IAG reported a tax expense of $109 million in the current half year compared to $67 million in the corresponding half year,
               representing an effective tax rate of 18.2% (31 December 2015-11.7%).

               The main reason for this sub-normal rate is the application of the concessional zero tax rate (previously 10%) to a greater
               proportion of reinsurance recoveries on the February 2011 Canterbury earthquake event by IAG’s captive vehicle in Singapore,
               following a review by their revenue authorities. The effective tax rate is expected to return to a more normal level, in the high 20s,
               in future periods.


                                                                                                                                                                               3
               The tax rate in the corresponding half year was also abnormally low, owing to the combination of the favourable resolution of a tax
               audit associated with IAG’s former UK operations and further reinsurance recoveries relating to the September 2010 Canterbury
               earthquake event, as recognised by IAG’s captive vehicle.

               Other contributory elements reconciling the effective tax rate to the prevailing Australian corporate rate of 30% are:
                  differences in tax rates applicable to IAG’s foreign operations, principally in New Zealand, Singapore and Malaysia; and
                  franking credits generated from IAG’s investment portfolio.

               Investment income on shareholders’ funds
               Investment income on shareholders’ funds was a profit of $109 million, a substantial increase on the profit of $52 million in the
               corresponding half year. This was driven by a stronger equity market performance, with the broader Australian index (S&P ASX200




For personal use only
               Accumulation) delivering a return of 10.6% (31 December 2015-negative 0.5%). The MSCI World Total Return Index (AUD Hedged)
               also had a similar increase (31 December 2015-negative 1.3%).

               At 31 December 2016 the weighting to growth assets (equities and alternatives) within shareholders’ funds stood at approximately
               48% (31 December 2015-48%).

               A. CONSUMER DIVISION (AUSTRALIA)
               The Australian Consumer Division accounted for 53% of Group GWP and produced a strong, but slightly lower, underlying margin of
               14.1%.

               I. Premiums
               The Consumer Division’s GWP increased by 7.4% to $3,060 million in the current half compared to $2,848 million in the
               corresponding half year, and included growth in both short tail home and motor lines, as well as long tail CTP.

               Short tail personal lines represented approximately 85% of divisional GWP, and grew by 6.6%. The growth was predominantly rate-
               driven, partly in response to higher than originally expected claims inflation, notably in motor. Higher levy collection and an
               increase in the average sum insured were also features in home. Rate-related GWP growth was augmented by volume gain in
               motor, while home volumes were stable. Long tail CTP GWP increased by 12.4%, embracing IAG’s entry into the South Australian
               market from 1 July 2016 and cumulative rate increases in NSW to combat ongoing elevated claim frequency.

               II. Insurance profit
               The Consumer Division reported an insurance profit of $461 million, compared to $495 million in the corresponding half year. This
               equates to a lower reported insurance margin of 21.5% compared to 24.6% in the corresponding half year, and included the net
               effect of:
                    lower reserve releases;
                    higher net natural peril claim costs;
                    a favourable credit spread movement of $12 million;
                    a lower underlying investment return; and
                    higher expenses, including those related to ESL.

               B. BUSINESS DIVISION (AUSTRALIA)
               The Australian Business Division accounted for 25% of Group GWP and generated a better-than-expected flat GWP result. A lower
               underlying margin reflected the earned-through effect of past rate and volume declines, but represented a modest improvement
               over the preceding half year. A lower reported margin housed an adverse natural peril claim cost experience and slightly lower
               reserve releases.

               I. Premiums
               The Business Division reported flat GWP of $1,423 million, compared to $1,419 million in the corresponding half. After allowance
               for the divestment of the Swann Insurance motor dealer business, like-for-like GWP was over 4% higher. This outcome comprised:
                   a relatively steady policy count, with higher than expected retention levels achieved in key portfolios;
                   lower new business opportunities and volumes; and
                   further increases in rates in most classes.

               The Swann Insurance motor dealer, finance broker and fleet network business was divested at the beginning of August 2016 and
               resulted in a contraction in GWP of approximately $61 million, compared to the corresponding half year.

               II. Insurance profit
               The Business Division reported a lower insurance profit of $81 million, compared to $100 million in the corresponding half year.
               This equates to a reported insurance margin of 7.1% (31 December 2015-8.4%) and includes the net effect of:
                    a similar net natural peril claim cost;
                    slightly lower prior period reserve releases;
                    a favourable credit spread movement of $8 million; and
                    lower investment returns.




               4 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               III. Fee based business
               In the current half year, net income from fee based operations was $2 million, compared to $11 million in the corresponding half
               year. The principal source of fee income for the Business Division is its role as agent under both the NSW and Victorian workers’
               compensation schemes, which are underwritten by the respective state governments. A secondary source of fee income is
               Business Division’s interest in authorised representative brokers. The integration of Westcourt General Insurance Brokers with
               National Advisor Services is proceeding according to plan as the division looks to capitalise on the growing number of customers
               using authorised representatives.

               C. NEW ZEALAND
               The New Zealand division accounted for 19% of Group GWP and continued to deliver a strong underlying performance, with a lower
               underlying margin still exceeding 15% and bearing the impact of increased claim cost pressures and a soft commercial market.




For personal use only
               The reported margin of 4.3% included a net claim cost of approximately $117 million from the Kaikoura earthquake event in
               November 2016.

               I. Premiums
               New Zealand’s reported current half GWP rose by 5.4% to $1,128 million, compared to the corresponding half year GWP of $1,070
               million. A large portion of the increase was derived from a positive foreign exchange translation effect, with local currency GWP
               increasing by a more modest 1.1%, to NZ$1,186 million. This outcome was the result of:
                   sound GWP growth in the consumer segment, which was driven by the private motor vehicle portfolio from a combination of
                    higher volume and rate; and
                   a largely offsetting contraction in GWP from the business segment, where softer premium rates and some volume loss was
                    experienced reflecting the competitive market environment.

               II. Insurance profit
               The New Zealand business produced an insurance profit of $36 million in the current half, compared to $11 million in the
               corresponding half year, translating to a reported insurance margin of 4.3% (31 December 2015-1.4%) which reflects the net effect
               of:
                    continued challenging market conditions in the business segment, where the focus remains on pricing and underwriting
                     disciplines;
                    higher than expected working claim costs, predominantly in the personal lines and commercial motor books as a result of
                     higher average claim costs and frequency;
                    substantially higher net natural peril claim costs, stemming from the Kaikoura earthquake; and
                    a significantly favourable movement in prior period reserve releases, owing to the absence of the NZ$150 million increase to
                     risk margin for the February 2011 earthquake event, recognised in the corresponding half year.

               III. Canterbury Rebuild
               At 31 December 2016 over NZ$6.1 billion of claim settlements in respect of the Canterbury earthquakes had been completed (30
               June 2016-NZ$5.7 billion). Approximately 97% (30 June 2016-93%) of all claims by number had been fully settled at that date.
               During the current half, IAG continued to receive new claims from the Earthquake Commission (EQC) as they tipped over the EQC
               cap of NZ$100,000 plus GST. At 31 December 2016, IAG’s reserving position allows for further claims exceeding the EQC’s cap.

               In the second half of the 2016 financial year, IAG acquired NZ$600 million of adverse development cover in respect of the February
               2011 earthquake, which effectively increased IAG’s cover for this event to NZ$5 billion. IAG’s reserved position remains below the
               attachment point of this cover.

               D. ASIA
               Asia represents a source of long term growth for IAG, with a presence established in five markets: Thailand, Malaysia, India,
               Vietnam and Indonesia.

               I. Divisional result
               The division contributed a total profit of $2 million, including shares of associates and allocated costs. This compares to a $10
               million profit in the corresponding half year. The lower result reflects:
                    weaker performances from the established businesses in Thailand and Malaysia, owing to increased competitive pressures on
                     pricing and a deterioration in loss ratios; and
                    a small profit from the developing businesses, comprising a move into profit in India on the back of improved claim and
                     expense outcomes, breakeven in Vietnam and a small loss in Indonesia.

               The overall outcome also included a small net favourable movement in mark-to-market valuations of investments, as well as lower
               regional support and development costs.

               II. Controlled entities
               GWP from the Group's controlled entities was $182 million, which was a decrease of over 8% on the corresponding half year GWP
               of $197 million, within this:
                    the Thai business (Safety Insurance) reported GWP decline of nearly 6.0% to $173 million in the current half compared to
                     $184 million in the corresponding half year. The decrease was mainly driven by a combination of lower than expected growth
                     in new vehicle sales, intensified price competition in the motor segment and lower commercial volumes following a tightening
                     of the risk selection process;
                    AAA Assurance in Vietnam recorded GWP equivalent to $8 million (31 December 2015-$9 million); and
                    Parolamas in Indonesia, recorded GWP equivalent to $1 million (31 December 2015-$4 million).



                                                                                                                                                   5
               During the current half, the controlled entities incurred an insurance loss of $2 million (31 December 2015-profit of $10 million)
               excluding allocated regional development costs. Within this:
                   the Thai business reported a breakeven result at the insurance profit line, compared to a $10 million profit in the
                    corresponding half year, with the weaker outcome driven by a higher number of large losses in the engineering and fire classes
                    and prior period reserve strengthening for those classes;
                   AAA Assurance reported a breakeven result compared to an insurance loss of $1 million in the corresponding half year; and
                   Parolamas in Indonesia contributed an insurance loss of $2 million compared to a profit of $1 million in the corresponding half
                    year.

               III. Share of net profit/(loss) of associates




For personal use only
               The Group's share of associates was a profit of $16 million (31 December 2015-$15 million), excluding allocated regional
               development costs and before amortisation. This result includes AmGeneral Holdings Berhad (AmGeneral) in Malaysia and SBI
               General Insurance Company Limited (SBI General) in India.

               IAG’s share of AmGeneral's profit for the half year decreased to $10 million (31 December 2015-$17 million). The reduction
               resulted from a combination of:
                   reduced NEP on the back of lower average premiums in the face of increased competition;
                   a higher loss ratio of 66.7% (31 December 2015-64.3%), including the influence of higher repair costs arising from the
                    franchise partnerships business and the adverse impact of the ringgit’s depreciation;
                   higher administration expenses from accelerated project costs, including those associated with detariffication; and
                   the absence of the prior period reinsurance recoveries which were included in the corresponding half year.

               IAG’s share of SBI General's profit for the half year increased to $6 million (31 December 2015-loss of $2 million). This positive
               outcome comprised the net effect of:
                   a lower loss ratio arising from reduced claims frequency alongside a favourable monsoon season in the current half year,
                    partially offset by deterioration in the motor business;
                   an improved expense ratio resulting from tightened cost control; and
                   higher investment income bolstered by business growth and a favourable mark-to-market movement in technical reserves
                    income.

               E. CORPORATE AND OTHER
               A pre-tax profit of $18 million was reported, which compares to a loss of $56 million in the corresponding prior half year,
               predominantly due to higher investment income on shareholders’ funds net of investment fees. The results also include a small
               loss on divestment of the Swann Insurance car dealership business.

               Further details on the operating segments are set out in note 1.3 segment reporting within the Financial Statements.

               REVIEW OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
               A. FINANCIAL POSITION
               The total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2016 were $29,266 million compared to $30,030 million at 30 June 2016.
               Movements within the overall decrease of $764 million include:
                   a decrease in investments of $632 million from the funds outflow associated with the payment of the 2016 final dividend,
                    redemption of the GBP subordinated term notes and NZD subordinated bonds, the partial buy-back of convertible preference
                    shares and the off-market share buy-back, partially offset by sound operating earnings for the half year and the net proceeds
                    from the issue of capital notes;
                   trade and other receivables decreased by $554 million, largely due to settlement of reinsurance recoveries pertaining to the
                    2010 and 2011 New Zealand earthquakes and a higher level of broker collections; and
                   an increase in reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims by $251 million, predominantly due to recoveries
                    relating to the Kaikoura earthquake, partially offset by the continued settlement of the 2010 and 2011 New Zealand
                    earthquakes and other prior period natural peril events.

               The total liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2016 were $22,655 million compared to $23,245 million at 30 June 2016.
               The decrease in liabilities of $590 million is mainly attributable to:
                   a decrease in outstanding claims liability of $213 million, primarily due to prior year reserve releases from long tail classes
                    (predominantly CTP), higher discount rates impacting claim reserves and settlements on prior year events, partially offset by
                    the Kaikoura earthquake and the trans-Tasman storm claim reserves;
                   interest bearing liabilities decreased by $184 million predominantly due to the redemption of NZD subordinated bonds ($179
                    million) and GBP subordinated term notes ($171 million) and partial buy-back of convertible preference shares ($224 million),
                    offset by the issuance of capital notes ($404 million); and
                   a decrease in provisions of $112 million, primarily due to the settlement of the prior year short term incentive and restructure
                    costs.

               IAG shareholders’ equity (excluding non-controlling interests) decreased from $6,563 million at 30 June 2016 to $6,388 million at
               31 December 2016, reflecting the combined effect of:
                   a sound earnings performance in the current half year, resulting in a net profit attributable to shareholders of $446 million;
                   payment of the final dividend of $316 million declared in respect of the 2016 financial year; and
                   the off-market ordinary share buy-back of $316 million (including transaction costs).




               6 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               B. CASH FROM OPERATIONS
               The net cash inflows from operating activities for the half year ended 31 December 2016 were $469 million compared to net cash
               outflows of $1,082 million for the corresponding half year. The movement is mainly attributable to the net effect of:
                   an increase in reinsurance and other recoveries received of $686 million, predominantly due to recoveries under the Berkshire
                    Hathaway quota share and continued collection of recoveries pertaining to the 2010 and 2011 New Zealand earthquakes;
                   a decrease in claims costs paid of $407 million, mainly attributable to the period-on-period reduction in payments made in
                    respect of the 2010 and 2011 New Zealand earthquakes; and
                   a decrease in outward reinsurance premium expense paid of $147 million, primarily due to a slight decrease in premium
                    payments to Berkshire Hathaway under the quota share agreement and the savings achieved on the renewal of the calendar
                    2016 catastrophe reinsurance covers.




For personal use only
               C. INVESTMENTS
               The Group’s investments totalled $12.3 billion as at 31 December 2016, excluding investments held in joint ventures and
               associates, with over 67% represented by the technical reserves portfolio. Total investments at 30 June 2016 were $12.9 billion.
               The decrease in total investments since 30 June 2016 reflects the combined effect of:
                   further reduction in technical reserves, mirroring the progressive effect of the 20% quota share in lowering related insurance
                    liabilities; and
                   the net reduction in shareholders’ funds, where dividend payments ($316 million) and completion of the off-market share buy-
                    back for a consideration of $316 million (including transaction costs) exceeded operating earnings during the period.

               Since 30 June 2016, the main change to asset allocation has been a marginally higher weighting to growth asset categories within
               shareholders’ funds. As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s overall investment allocation remains conservatively positioned, with
               84% of total investments in fixed interest and cash. Technical reserves were 100% invested in fixed interest and cash, while the
               equivalent figure for shareholders’ funds was 52%.

               D. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES
               The Group’s interest bearing liabilities stood at $1,778 million at 31 December 2016, compared to $1,962 million at 30 June
               2016. The net decrease of $184 million predominantly comprises:
                   the issue of $404 million capital notes, qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital;
                   the buy-back of $224 million convertible preference shares, as part of the reinvestment offer accompanying the capital notes
                    issue;
                   the redemption of NZ$187 million subordinated bonds ($179 million as of the redemption date); and
                   the redemption of £100 million subordinated term notes ($171 million as of the redemption date).

               E. CAPITAL MIX
               The Group measures its capital mix on a net tangible equity basis, i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong
               alignment with regulatory and rating agency models. It is IAG’s intention to have a capital mix in the following ranges over the
               longer term:
                   ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) 60-70%; and
                   debt and hybrids 30-40%.

               At 31 December 2016, the Group’s capital mix stood close to the mid-point of its targeted range, with debt and hybrids
               representing 35.4% (30 June 2016-36.8%) of total tangible capitalisation.

               F. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
               The Group remains strongly capitalised under APRA's Prudential Standards, with regulatory capital of $4,500 million at 31
               December 2016 (30 June 2016-$4,619 million). The Group has set the following related targeted benchmarks:
                  a total capital position equivalent to 1.4 to 1.6 times the Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA), compared to a regulatory
                   requirement of 1.0 times; and
                  a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) target range of 0.9 to 1.1 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of 0.6 times.

               At 31 December 2016, the Group had a PCA multiple of 1.81 (30 June 2016-1.72) and a CET1 multiple of 1.09 (30 June 2016-
               1.06).




                                                                                                                                                       7
               STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               A. STRATEGY
                   At IAG, our purpose is to make your world a safer place: IAG’s purpose means that whether you are a customer, partner,
                    employee, shareholder or part of the communities IAG serves across Australia, New Zealand or Asia, IAG exists to ‘make your
                    world a safer place’. IAG believes its purpose will enable it to become a more sustainable business over the long term, and
                    deliver stronger and more consistent returns for its shareholders.
                   IAG’s opportunity is to embrace innovation: The way we live our lives is changing at a rapid pace driven by new technologies
                    and shifting demographic trends. This means our customers are faced with new challenges and opportunities every day. IAG
                    is determined to lead, helping our customers navigate through this journey and using innovation to make their lives safer and
                    better.




For personal use only
                   Our promise is to deliver world class customer experiences: All the elements of our strategy are driven by our customer’s
                    needs. As well as delivering world class customer experiences, we will make IAG as successful as possible so that we can
                    reinvest in our leadership position.

               Financial targets
               IAG is focused on delivering through-the-cycle targets of:
                   Cash return on equity (ROE) 1.5x weighted average cost of capital (WACC);
                   High dividend (60-80% of cash earnings payout);
                   Top quartile total shareholder return (TSR); and
                   Approximately 10% compound earnings per share (EPS) growth.

               Strategic themes
               IAG is focused on optimising its core business and building the necessary platforms for future growth. IAG has identified two key
               strategic themes to deliver this strategy:
               I. Leading:
                   IAG is determined to lead the change that its customers need and demand. This has the company’s customers at its core and
                    IAG will embrace innovation and new technology to make each individual interaction a world class experience. This will be
                    driven by:
                      Deepening customer intimacy through digitally-enabled customer experiences, providing needs-based customer
                          propositions and creating ecosystems of relevant adjacent services alongside insurance to help make customers’ lives
                          safer and fulfil IAG’s purpose.
                      Partnering selectively to complement and strengthen our capabilities, incorporating third party offerings in our
                          ecosystems and investing in new ventures and incubation.

               II. Fuelling:
                    IAG will fuel the business so that it can deliver on these opportunities. This involves tackling necessary changes to the way IAG
                     operates – simplifying processes and systems, and optimising resources, to be more efficient. This will be driven by:
                       Optimising our core through simplification and scalability and becoming an agile organisation so that we can deliver
                          inspiring customer experiences with less cost and complexity.
                       Modularising our operating and capital platforms so that the business can derive maximum value from each component
                          of the value chain, including offering elements on a fee-for-service basis where they strengthen our competitive
                          advantage and partnering for capability in areas that are not a competitive advantage.

               B. BUSINESS RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               Managing risk is central to the sustainability of IAG's business, its purpose and delivery of value to shareholders. IAG uses an
               enterprise approach to risk and its risk management framework is a core part of the governance structure and includes internal
               policies, key management processes and culture. The Risk Management Strategy (RMS) is reviewed annually or as required by the
               Risk Committee (RC) before being recommended for approval by the Board. IAG’s risk and governance function provides regular
               reports to the RC on the operation of IAG’s risk management framework, the status of key risks, risk and compliance incidents and
               risk framework changes. IAG’s Internal Audit function provides reports to the Audit Committee (AC) on significant audit findings and
               other audit related matters.

               Roles and responsibilities of the Board and its standing committees, the AC, the RC, the People and Remuneration Committee
               (PARC) and the Nominations Committee, are set out in the Corporate Governance section of the IAG website.

               The Group is exposed to multiple risks relating to the conduct of its general insurance business. The following risks noted below
               are not meant to represent an exhaustive list, but the risks faced by the Group that have been identified by the RMS process:
                   strategic risk: the risk of not achieving corporate or strategic goals;
                   insurance risk: the risk that the Group is exposed to financial loss, as a result of inadequate or inappropriate underwriting,
                    inadequate or inappropriate product pricing, unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may eventuate, inadequate or
                    inappropriate claims management including reserving or insurance concentration risk (i.e. by locality, segment factor or
                    distribution);
                   reinsurance risk: the risk of insufficient or inappropriate reinsurance coverage, inadequate underwriting and pricing of
                    reinsurance exposures retained by IAG’s reinsurance captives, inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management,
                    reinsurance arrangements not being legally binding and reinsurance concentration risk;
                   financial risk: the risk of inadequate liquidity, adverse movements in market prices (equities, derivatives, interest rates, foreign
                    exchange, etc.) or inappropriate concentration within investment funds, a counterparty failing to meet its obligations and/or
                    inappropriate capital management; and
                   operational risk: the risk of loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems and/or external events.



               8 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               A disciplined approach to risk management has been adopted and IAG believes this approach provides the greatest long term
               likelihood of being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders, including policyholders, lenders, regulators and shareholders.

               Detail of the Group's overall risk management framework, which is outlined in the RMS, is set out in note 3.1 risk and capital
               management in the 30 June 2016 Annual Report and in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at
               www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               OUTLOOK
               IAG continues to expect to record a sound operating performance for the year ended 30 June 2017.

               Following the current half year GWP growth of 4.7%, IAG has raised its GWP guidance to one of ‘low single digit growth’, compared




For personal use only
               to its previous ‘relatively flat’ prediction. The Group’s reported margin guidance for the year ended 30 June 2017 remains at 12.5-
               14.5%, with an expected outcome around the middle of the range. This incorporates slightly softer underlying profitability than
               originally anticipated, countered by an increase in prior period reserve release expectations. Underlying assumptions behind the
               reported margin guidance are:
                    net losses from natural perils in line with an allowance of $680 million (2016-$600 million);
                    prior period reserve releases of at least 2% of NEP (previously at least 1%);
                    no material movement in foreign exchange rates or investment markets in the second half of the current financial year; and
                    a small net negative from optimisation program initiatives, as early benefits are outweighed by related costs.

               It is too early to determine the net cost of the Northern Sydney hailstorm, which occurred on 18 February 2017. In this guidance,
               IAG has assumed the net cost, together with further perils in the current year, will be within the current perils allowance and
               available reinsurance cover. IAG’s reinsurance cover, post-quota share, comprises:
                     a calendar 2017 main catastrophe program which limits a first event exposure to $200 million;
                     a calendar 2017 aggregate cover which provides $380 million of protection excess of $260 million, with qualifying events
                      capped at $180 million excess of $20 million per event; and
                     a 2017 financial year specific cover which provides $96 million of protection directly above the $680 million perils allowance.

               While IAG now expects prior period reserve releases of at least 2% of NEP in the current financial year, it remains the Group’s belief
               that long term reserve releases of around 1% of NEP are a recurring feature of its reported operating results in benign inflationary
               periods.

               DIVIDENDS
               Details of dividends paid or determined to be paid by the Company and the dividend policy employed by the Group are set out in
               note 2.3 dividends within the Financial Statements.

               Cash earnings are used for the purposes of targeted ROE and dividend payout policy and are defined as:
                  net profit after tax attributable to IAG shareholders;
                  plus amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangibles; and
                  excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).

                                                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                           2016               2015
               CASH EARNINGS                                                                                                 $m                 $m
               Net profit after tax                                                                                         446                466
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment                                                               29                 28
                                                                                                                            475                494
               Non-recurring items:
               Corporate expenses                                                                                               4                 14
               Tax effect on corporate expenses                                                                                  -                 (4)
               Cash earnings*                                                                                                 479                504
               Interim dividend                                                                                              308                316
               Cash payout ratio*                                                                                           64.3%             62.7%
               *        Cash earnings and cash payout ratio represent non-IFRS financial information.

               IAG's full year dividend payout policy is to pay dividends equivalent to approximately 60-80% (31 December 2015-60-80%) of
               reported full year cash earnings in respect of any given financial year.

               The Board has determined to pay a fully franked interim dividend of 13 cents per ordinary share (cps) (31 December 2015-13.0 cps
               and a fully franked special dividend of 10.0 cps). The interim dividend is payable on 30 March 2017 to shareholders registered as
               at 5pm on 1 March 2017.




                                                                                                                                                     9
               The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate for the interim dividend by acquiring shares on-market with no
               discount applied. The DRP Issue Price will be based on a volume weighted average share price as defined in the DRP terms. IAG
               has set a minimum participation level for the DRP for the 2017 interim dividend, meaning only shareholders with at least 85
               ordinary shares can participate in the DRP on this occasion. This means that some shareholders who might ordinarily participate in
               the DRP will receive a cash dividend for the 2017 interim dividend instead of being allocated additional shares under the DRP. The
               last date for the receipt of an election notice for participation in the Company's DRP is 2 March 2017. Information about IAG’s DRP
               is available at www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment.

               SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
               During the half year, the following changes became effective:




For personal use only
                  On 10 October 2016, IAG completed its ordinary share off-market buy-back, with IAG acquiring 64 million shares (representing
                   2.6% of IAG's issued share capital) for a consideration of $316 million (including transaction costs). The buy-back price per
                   share was $4.91, which comprised a capital component of $2.99 and a fully franked dividend of $1.92.
                  On 15 December 2016, IAG redeemed NZ$187 million of subordinated bonds ($179 million as of the redemption date).
                  On 21 December 2016, IAG redeemed £100 million of subordinated term notes ($171 million as of the redemption date).
                  On 22 December 2016, IAG bought back $224 million of convertible preference shares, the proceeds received by holders were
                   reinvested in capital notes (refer below).
                  On 22 December 2016, IAG issued $404 million of capital notes including the above mentioned reinvestment. The notes
                   qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital under APRA's Prudential Framework for General Insurance.

               EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               Detail of matters subsequent to the end of the half year are set out below and in note 3.6 events subsequent to reporting date
               within the Financial Statements. These include:
                   On 18 February 2017, a large hailstorm event impacted parts of the Northern Sydney region. As at 21 February 2017, IAG had
                    received more than 13,000 claims in relation to this event. Given the proximity of the occurrence of this event to the reporting
                    date, it has not yet been possible to reliably determine its cost to the Group. Once determined, this cost will be recognised in
                    the Group’s results for the second half of the financial year.
                   On 22 February 2017, the Board determined to pay an interim dividend of 13 cents per share, 100% franked. The dividend will
                    be paid on 30 March 2017. The dividend reinvestment plan will operate by acquiring shares on-market for participants with no
                    discount applied. IAG has set a minimum participation level for the DRP for the 2017 interim dividend, meaning only
                    shareholders with at least 85 ordinary shares can participate in the DRP on this occasion. This means that some shareholders
                    who might ordinarily participate in the DRP will receive a cash dividend for the 2017 interim dividend instead of being allocated
                    additional shares under the DRP.


               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT
               2001
               The lead auditor's independence declaration is set out on page 11 and forms part of the Directors' Report for the half year ended
               31 December 2016.

               Signed at Sydney this 22nd day of February 2017 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




               10 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               LEAD AUDITOR'S
               INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
               UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001




For personal use only
               TO THE DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED

               I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the review for the half year ended 31 December 2016 there
               have been:
                   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the review;
                    and
                   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates
               Partner


               Sydney
               22 February 2017




                                                                                                                                                                         11
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG
               International"), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
               STATEMENTS
               CONTENTS                                                 PAGE
               Consolidated statement of comprehensive income             13




For personal use only
               Consolidated balance sheet                                 14
               Consolidated statement of changes in equity                15
               Consolidated cash flow statement                           16
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1          OVERVIEW
               1.1        Introduction                                   17
               1.2        About this report                              17
               1.3        Segment reporting                              18

               2          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND TRANSACTIONS
               2.1        Interest bearing liabilities                   20
               2.2        Notes to the statement of changes in equity    21
               2.3        Dividends                                      21

               3          INTERIM DISCLOSURES
               3.1        Investments                                    22
               3.2        Earnings per share                             22
               3.3        Derivatives                                    23
               3.4        Investment in joint venture and associates     23
               3.5        Contingencies                                  24
               3.6        Events subsequent to reporting date            24
               3.7        Net tangible assets                            24




               12 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
                                                                                                                31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                       2016        2015
                                                                                                                         $m           $m




For personal use only
               Gross earned premium                                                                                    5,868      5,734
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                                   (1,624)    (1,632)
               Net earned premium (i)                                                                                  4,244      4,102
               Claims expense                                                                                         (4,313)    (4,366)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                                                1,688      1,777
               Net claims expense (ii)                                                                                (2,625)    (2,589)
               Commission expense                                                                                       (526)      (531)
               Underwriting expense                                                                                     (912)      (919)
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                                            353        373
               Net underwriting expense (iii)                                                                         (1,085)    (1,077)
               Underwriting profit/(loss) (i) + (ii) + (iii)                                                             534        436
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                   46       185
               Investment expenses on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                  (9)      (11)
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                   571        610
               Investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                  109          52
               Fee and other income                                                                                      107        107
               Share of net profit/(loss) of associates                                                                      8          7
               Finance costs                                                                                              (51)       (51)
               Fee based, corporate and other expenses                                                                  (141)      (149)
               Net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                            (3)        (3)
               Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                           600        573
               Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                              (109)        (67)
               Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                              491        506
               OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AND (EXPENSE)
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net movement in foreign currency translation reserve, net of tax                                              2            33
               Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
               Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax                                                         21             (12)
               Other comprehensive income and (expense), net of tax                                                        23              21
               Total comprehensive income and (expense) for the period, net of tax                                        514            527
               PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent                                                                                 446            466
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                   45             40
               Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                               491            506
               TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AND (EXPENSE) FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent                                                                                 469            487
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                   45             40
               Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period, net of tax                                            514            527

                                                                                                          NOTE 31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                      2016        2015
                                                                                                                      cents       cents
               EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                          3.2           18.61           19.25
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                        3.2           17.92           18.64

               The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
               statements.




                                                                                                                                           13
               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
               SHEET
               AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2016
                                                                                                           NOTE 31 December         30 June
                                                                                                                       2016           2016
                                                                                                                         $m             $m




For personal use only
               ASSETS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                          378         263
               Investments                                                                                  3.1         12,314      12,946
               Trade and other receivables                                                                               3,767       4,321
               Current tax assets                                                                                           79          54
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                    4,940       4,689
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                               2,869       2,778
               Deferred levies and charges                                                                                 151         131
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                         555         603
               Property and equipment                                                                                      199         204
               Other assets                                                                                                159         145
               Investment in joint venture and associates                                                   3.4            489         486
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                            3,366       3,410
               Total assets                                                                                             29,266      30,030
               LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                                                  2,376       2,346
               Current tax liabilities                                                                                       4           5
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                6,163       6,220
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                             11,528      11,741
               Non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                                                             205         247
               Provisions                                                                                                  258         370
               Other liabilities                                                                                           343         354
               Interest bearing liabilities                                                                 2.1          1,778       1,962
               Total liabilities                                                                                        22,655      23,245
               Net assets                                                                                                6,611       6,785
               EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                2.2           7,082      7,275
               Treasury shares held in trust                                                                                 (39)       (43)
               Reserves                                                                                                       25         32
               Retained earnings                                                                                           (680)      (701)
               Parent interest                                                                                            6,388      6,563
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                    223        222
               Total equity                                                                                               6,611      6,785

               The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               14 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               CHANGES IN EQUITY
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
                                                                                             SHARE
                                                                      TREASURY      FOREIGN  BASED
                                                                        SHARES    CURRENCY REMUN-                   NON-




For personal use only
                                                             SHARE      HELD IN TRANSLATION ERATION RETAINED CONTROLLING                    TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL      TRUST     RESERVE RESERVE EARNINGS    INTERESTS                   EQUITY
                                                                $m          $m           $m      $m       $m          $m                      $m
               31 December 2016
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               period                                        7,275         (43)             (3)       35        (701)           222        6,785
               Profit/(loss) for the period                       -           -               -         -        446             45          491
               Other comprehensive income and
               (expense)                                          -           -             2               -     21                   -       23
               Total comprehensive income/(expense)
               for the period                                     -           -             2               -    467              45         514
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Off-market share buy-back, including
               transaction costs                              (193)           -              -           -      (123)               -        (316)
               Share based remuneration                           -          4               -         (9)         (4)              -           (9)
               Purchase of non-controlling interest               -           -              -           -         (3)              -           (3)
               Dividends determined and paid                      -           -              -           -      (316)            (44)        (360)
               Balance at the end of the financial period    7,082         (39)             (1)       26        (680)           223        6,611

               31 December 2015
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               period                                        7,275         (83)           (68)        30        (337)           201        7,018
               Profit/(loss) for the period                       -           -              -          -        466             40          506
               Other comprehensive income and
               (expense)                                          -           -           33            -        (12)              -          21
               Total comprehensive income/(expense)
               for the period                                     -           -           33            -       454              40          527
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Share based remuneration                           -         39               -       (13)         (12)             -          14
               Dividends determined and paid                      -           -              -          -       (389)           (22)        (411)
               Dividends received on treasury shares
               held in trust                                      -           -              -          -          1               -           1
               Balance at the end of the financial period    7,275         (44)           (35)        17        (283)           219        7,149

               The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                               15
               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW
               STATEMENT
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
                                                                                                                                              31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                                     2016        2015
                                                                                                                                                       $m          $m




For personal use only
               CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Premium received                                                                                                                         5,981              5,736
               Reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                                                                1,796              1,110
               Claims costs paid                                                                                                                       (4,514)            (4,921)
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense paid                                                                                               (1,672)            (1,819)
               Dividends, interest and trust distributions received                                                                                       238                290
               Finance costs paid                                                                                                                          (56)               (57)
               Income taxes paid                                                                                                                           (87)             (194)
               Other operating receipts                                                                                                                   747              1,039
               Other operating payments                                                                                                                (1,964)            (2,266)
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                   469             (1,082)
               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               Net cash flows on disposal/(acquisition) of subsidiaries and associates                                                                      37                25
               Net cash flows from sale/(purchase) of investments and plant and equipment                                                                  570             1,477
               Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                    607             1,502
               CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
               Outlays for repurchase of shares, including transaction costs                                                                             (316)                   -
               Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                                                                                         394                    -
               Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                   (574)                   -
               Net cash flow from issue and redemption of trust units                                                                                      (42)                50
               Dividends paid to IAG shareholders                                                                                                        (316)              (389)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                                 (44)               (22)
               Dividends received on treasury shares                                                                                                          -                 1
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                  (898)              (360)
               Net movement in cash held                                                                                                                  178                  60
               Effects of exchange rate changes on balances of cash held in foreign currencies                                                               2                  4
               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial period                                                                       1,104              1,433
               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial period*                                                                            1,284              1,497

               * Includes $378 million (31 December 2015-$310 million) of cash held for operational purposes, $906 million (31 December 2015-$1,187 million) of cash and short term
                 money held for investments.


               The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               16 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               NOTES TO THE
               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1. OVERVIEW
               NOTE 1.1 INTRODUCTION




For personal use only
               The financial report is structured to provide prominence to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the users'
               understanding of the operations, results and financial position of the Group.

               The financial report has been organised into the following sections:
               1. Overview - contains information that impacts the financial report as a whole, as well as segment reporting disclosures.
               2. Significant events and transactions – disclosure of significant changes in the Group’s financial position and performance.
               3. Interim disclosures - other disclosures required to comply with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                  Reporting.

               NOTE 1.2 ABOUT THIS REPORT
               A. CORPORATE INFORMATION
               Insurance Australia Group Limited (IAG, Parent or Company), the ultimate parent entity in the Consolidated entity, is a for-profit
               company incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
               Its registered office and principal place of business is Level 26, 388 George Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia. This financial
               report covers the consolidated financial statements for the Company and its subsidiaries (Group or Consolidated entity) for the half
               year ended 31 December 2016.

               This report is also to be read in conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2016 and any public announcements
               made by Insurance Australia Group Limited during the reporting period in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements
               of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

               A description of the nature of the Group's operations and its principal activities is included in the Directors' Report.

               B. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
               This general purpose half year financial report was authorised by the Board of Directors for issue on 22 February 2017 and
               complies with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the recognition and measurement
               requirements of other applicable Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB),
               the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

               The current IFRS standard for insurance contracts does not include a comprehensive set of recognition and measurement criteria.
               The IASB continues to work on a project to issue a standard that does include such criteria. Until the issuance and implementation
               of that standard, the financial reports of insurers in different countries that comply with IFRS may not be comparable in terms of
               the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts.

               C. BASIS OF PREPARATION
               The financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost principles, as modified by certain exceptions, with the
               principal exceptions being the measurement of all investments and derivatives at fair value and the measurement of the
               outstanding claims liability and related reinsurance and other recoveries at present value. All values are rounded to the nearest
               million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

               The balance sheet is prepared with the assets and liabilities presented broadly in order of liquidity.

               The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company.

               Changes to comparatives
               As a result of the reorganisation of the financial report, certain comparative items have been reclassified from the Consolidated
               entity’s prior period financial report to conform to the current period’s presentation.

               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ADOPTED
               The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report have been applied consistently by all entities in the
               Group and are the same as those applied for the previous reporting year, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements of
               entities operating outside Australia that maintain accounting records in accordance with overseas accounting principles are
               adjusted where necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of the Consolidated entity. The significant accounting
               policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report are set out within the relevant note in the annual report for the year
               ended 30 June 2016.




                                                                                                                                                   17
               I. Changes in accounting policies
               There were no new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued and effective for the current reporting period, which
               had a material financial impact on the Company.

               II. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               In the process of applying the significant accounting policies, certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions are applied
               and judgements are made by management, the results of which affect the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The
               estimates and related assumptions are based on experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable, and are
               reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which they are revised, and future
               periods if relevant. The areas where material estimates and judgements are applied are set out below, with further details provided
               within the relevant note in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2016.




For personal use only
                AREAS OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
                Liability adequacy test
                Intangible assets and goodwill impairment testing, initial measurement and useful life
                Income tax and related assets and liabilities
                Acquisitions and disposals of businesses


               NOTE 1.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
               The Consolidated entity has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Chief
               Executive Officer (being the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of
               resources.

               A. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
               The Consolidated entity has general insurance operations in Australia, New Zealand and Asia, with the reportable segments
               comprising the following business divisions:

               I. Consumer division (Australia)
               This segment provides general insurance products to individuals and families throughout Australia, primarily under the NRMA
               Insurance, SGIO, SGIC and CGU brands, under the RACV brand in Victoria (via a distribution and underwriting relationship with
               RACV) and the Coles Insurance brand nationally (via a distribution agreement with Coles).

               II. Business division (Australia)
               This segment provides commercial insurance to businesses of all sizes throughout Australia, predominantly under the CGU,
               WFI, and Swann Insurance brands through intermediaries including brokers, authorised representatives and distribution
               partners.

               III. New Zealand
               This segment provides general insurance business underwritten in New Zealand. Insurance products are sold directly to
               customers predominantly under the State and AMI brands, and through intermediaries (insurance brokers and authorised
               representatives) primarily using the NZI and Lumley Insurance brands. Personal and commercial products are also distributed
               by corporate partners, such as large financial institutions, using third party brands.

               IV. Asia
               This segment provides direct and intermediated insurance business underwritten through subsidiaries in Thailand, Vietnam
               and Indonesia and shares in the operating result from its investment in associates in Malaysia and India. The businesses
               offer personal and commercial insurance products through local brands.

               V. Corporate and other
               This segment comprises other activities, including corporate services, capital management activity, shareholders’ funds
               investment activities and inward reinsurance from associates. The Group’s captive reinsurance operation (captive) is a
               corporate function that acts as the interface between the external providers of reinsurance capital and the operating business
               divisions. The Group does not manage or view the captive as a separate business. Consequently, the operating results of the
               captive are systematically allocated to the operating business segments.




               18 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               B. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                    AUSTRALIA
                                                                              CONSUMER      BUSINESS                        NEW                          CORPORATE
                                                                                DIVISION      DIVISION                  ZEALAND                  ASIA    AND OTHER            TOTAL
                                                                                      $m            $m                       $m                   $m            $m              $m
               31 December 2016
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(a)                                              3,983               1,954              1,837               278              127         8,179
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                               447                   76                 23              (12)                 -           534




For personal use only
               Net investment income on technical
               reserves                                                                  14                    5                 13                 5                 -            37
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                  461                   81                 36                (7)                -           571
               Net investment income on shareholders'
               funds                                                                       -                    -                  -                -             105             105
               Share of net profit/(loss) of associates                                    -                    -                  -               9                 (1)             8
               Finance costs                                                               -                    -                  -                -              (51)            (51)
               Other net operating result                                                  -                   2                   -                -              (35)            (33)
               Total segment result                                                     461                   83                 36                2                18             600
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 (109)
               Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                                                                                        491

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(b)                                                        -                   -                  -               -                46             46
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                      28                  28                 25                2                  -            83

               31 December 2015
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(a)                                              4,035               2,372              1,518               246                64        8,235
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                               414                   25                  (6)              1                 2            436
               Net investment income on technical
               reserves                                                                  81                  75                  17                2                 (1)          174
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                  495                 100                  11                3                  1           610
               Net investment income on shareholders'
               funds                                                                       -                   -                   -                -               38              38
               Share of net profit/(loss) of associates                                    -                  1                    -               7                 (1)             7
               Finance costs                                                               -                   -                   -                -              (51)            (51)
               Other net operating result                                                  -                 11                   1                 -              (43)            (31)
               Total segment result                                                     495                 112                  12               10               (56)           573
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                  (67)
               Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                                                                                       506

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(b)                                                        -                   -                  -               -               94             94
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                      28                  45                 26                1                  -           100
               (a)      Total external revenue comprises premium revenue, reinsurance and other recoveries, reinsurance commission revenue, investment income on assets backing
                        insurance liabilities, investment income on shareholders' funds, fee and other income and share of net profit/(loss) of associates.

               (b)      Capital expenditure includes acquisitions of property and equipment, intangibles and other non-current segment assets.




                                                                                                                                                                                   19
               2. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND TRANSACTIONS
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section comprises disclosures on the events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in the
               Group's financial position and performance since the end of the last annual reporting period. Information disclosed in relation to
               those events and transactions provides an update on the relevant information presented in the most recent annual financial
               report.


               NOTE 2.1 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         31 December 2016                                     30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    CARRYING                                   CARRYING
                                                                                                                       VALUE FAIR VALUE                           VALUE           FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                                          $m          $m                             $m                   $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Capital nature
               a. ADDITIONAL TIER 1 REGULATORY CAPITAL(a)
               Convertible preference shares                                                                                  153                 156                  377                  383
               Reset exchangeable securities                                                                                  550                 572                  550                  550
               Capital notes                                                                                                  404                 419                     -                    -
               b. TIER 2 REGULATORY CAPITAL
               GBP subordinated term notes                                                                                       -                   -                 178                  177
               NZD subordinated bonds                                                                                            -                   -                 179                  180
               AUD subordinated convertible term notes                                                                        350                 354                  350                  352
               NZD subordinated convertible term notes(b)                                                                     337                 326                  335                  329
               II. Operational nature
               Other interest bearing liabilities                                                                               2                     2                  2                     2
               Less: capitalised transaction costs                                                                            (18)                                      (9)
                                                                                                                           1,778                                    1,962
               (a)      Instruments issued prior to 1 January 2013 are eligible for inclusion in the relevant category of regulatory capital up to limits prescribed by APRA under transitional
                        arrangements. Any capital that is ineligible to be included in Additional Tier 1 Capital as a consequence may be included in Tier 2 capital to the extent there is residual
                        capacity within Tier 2 transitional limits.
               (b)      At the reporting date, the Company recognised accrued interest of $9 million (30 June 2016-$1 million) which is presented within trade and other payables.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               The interest bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value (net of transaction costs) and subsequently measured at
               amortised cost. Based on market conditions at any point in time, the carrying value of the liabilities may not be representative of
               the fair value of the liabilities. The fair value for all interest bearing liabilities is calculated using their quoted market price (fair
               value hierarchy level 1).

               C. SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENTS DURING THE PERIOD
               Significant movements in the interest bearing liabilities since 30 June 2016 are as follows:
                   On 15 December 2016, IAG redeemed NZ$187 million of subordinated bonds ($179 million as of the redemption date).
                   On 21 December 2016, IAG redeemed £100 million of subordinated term notes ($171 million as of the redemption date).
                   On 22 December 2016, IAG bought back $224 million of convertible preference shares, the proceeds received by holders were
                    reinvested in capital notes.
                   On 22 December 2016, IAG issued $404 million of capital notes including the above mentioned reinvestment. The notes
                    qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital under APRA's Prudential Framework for General Insurance.

               The significant terms and conditions of the issued capital notes are as follows:
                  face value of $404 million and issued by the Company on 22 December 2016;
                  all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                  non-cumulative floating rate distribution payable quarterly and expected to be fully franked;
                  distribution rate equals the sum of three month bank bill swap rate (BBSW) plus margin of 4.70% per annum multiplied by (1 –
                   tax rate);
                  payments of distributions can only be made subject to meeting certain conditions, if no distribution is made, no dividends can
                   be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares until the next distribution payment date;
                  IAG may exchange or redeem capital notes on the exchange date, or upon occurrence of certain events, subject to APRA
                   approval. The first optional exchange date is 15 June 2023;
                  the capital notes are scheduled for conversion into a variable number of IAG ordinary shares (subject to a maximum number of
                   140.6 million shares) on 16 June 2025 and at each subsequent distribution payment date provided the mandatory conversion
                   conditions are satisfied; and
                  the capital notes must be converted into a variable number of IAG ordinary shares (subject to a maximum of 351.1 million
                   shares) or written off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.




               20 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               NOTE 2.2 NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                           31 December        30 June 31 December           30 June
                                                                                                  2016          2016         2016             2016
                                                                                              Number of     Number of
                                                                                               shares in     shares in
                                                                                                millions      millions         $m                $m
               SHARE CAPITAL
               I. Ordinary shares
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                   2,431         2,431            7,275        7,275
               Off-market share buy-back, including transaction costs                                (64)            -            (193)            -




For personal use only
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                         2,367         2,431            7,082        7,275

               All ordinary shares on issue are fully paid. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to a vote at the general meeting of the Company and
               to participate in the dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid
               on, the shares held. Dividends, if declared, are subject to there being distributable profits available and not breaching APRA capital
               adequacy requirements.

               II. Changes during the period
               On 10 October 2016, IAG completed its ordinary share off-market buy-back, with IAG acquiring 64 million shares (representing 2.6%
               of IAG's issued share capital) for a consideration of $316 million (including transaction costs). The buy-back price per share was
               $4.91, which comprised a capital component of $2.99 and a fully franked dividend of $1.92.

               NOTE 2.3 DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                     31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                            2016        2015
                                                                                                                              $m          $m
               A. ORDINARY SHARES
               Dividend component of off-market share buy-back (paid 17 October 2016): $1.92 (2015-nil) per
               ordinary share fully franked at 30%                                                                              123                -
               2016 final dividend (paid 5 October 2016): $0.13 (2015-$0.16) per ordinary share fully franked at
               30%                                                                                                              316            389

               B. DIVIDEND NOT RECOGNISED AT REPORTING DATE
               2017 interim dividend: $0.13 (2016-$0.13) per ordinary share fully franked at 30% to be paid on 30
               March 2017                                                                                                       308            316
               Special dividend: nil (2016-$0.10) per ordinary share fully franked at 30%                                          -           243
                                                                                                                                308            559

               C. DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT
               A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) operates which allows eligible shareholders with ordinary shares to elect to receive their
               dividend entitlement in the form of IAG shares. The price of DRP shares is the volume weighted average share price, less a
               discount if determined by the Directors, calculated over the pricing period (which is at least five trading days) as determined by the
               Directors for each dividend payment date. A copy of the terms and conditions for the DRP is available at
               www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment.

               The DRP for the 2016 final dividend paid on 5 October 2016 was settled with the on-market purchase of 10.3 million shares priced
               at $5.3287 per share (based on a daily volume weighted average price for 10 trading days from 9 September 2016 to 22
               September 2016 inclusive, with no discount applied).




                                                                                                                                                  21
               3. INTERIM DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section includes other information to be disclosed in accordance with the interim reporting Accounting Standard (AASB 134),
               Corporations Act and ASX listing rules, but which are considered less relevant to understanding the changes in the Group’s
               financial position and performance since the end of the last annual reporting period.


               NOTE 3.1 INVESTMENTS
               The inputs used to determine the fair value for securities recognised under each level of the fair value hierarchy is set out below.




For personal use only
               I. Level 1 quoted prices
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices (mid-market) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. For
               IAG, this category includes government securities and listed equities.

               II. Level 2 other observable inputs
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities or by reference to other
               significant inputs that are not quoted prices but are based on observable market data, for example interest rate yield curves
               observable at commonly quoted intervals. For IAG, this category primarily includes corporate and other fixed interest securities
               where the market is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active.

               III. Level 3 unobservable inputs
               The fair value is determined using valuation techniques in which a number of the significant inputs are not based on observable
               market data. Level 3 investments are primarily unlisted private equity funds where the fair value of investments is determined on
               the basis of published redemption values of those funds. This category also includes IAG's unlisted equity interest in Bohai
               Property Insurance Company Limited (Bohai). The fair value of Bohai is supported by comparable transaction multiples observed in
               the local market.

               The table below separates the total investment balance by hierarchy category:

                                                                                                             LEVEL 1                  LEVEL 2                 LEVEL 3                     TOTAL
                                                                                                                 $m                       $m                      $m                        $m
               31 December 2016
               Interest bearing investments                                                                     1,709                   8,724                         1                 10,434
               Equity investments                                                                               1,129                     364                       157                  1,650
               Other investments                                                                                    4                     225                         1                    230
                                                                                                                2,842                   9,313                       159                 12,314
               30 June 2016
               Interest bearing investments                                                                     2,047                   9,086                         1                 11,134
               Equity investments                                                                               1,021                     313                       157                  1,491
               Other investments                                                                                   14                     306                         1                    321
                                                                                                                3,082                   9,705                       159                 12,946

               NOTE 3.2 EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                         31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                2016        2015
                                                                                                                                                                cents       cents
               A. REPORTING PERIOD VALUES
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(a)                                                                                                                 18.61               19.25
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(b)                                                                                                               17.92               18.64

                (a)     The basic earnings per ordinary share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares
                        of the Parent on issue during the reporting period. The treasury shares held in trust are deducted, but earnings attributable to those shares are included.
                (b)     Diluted earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent, adjusted for the finance costs of dilutive convertible
                        instruments, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, primarily as a result of debt instruments that possess a
                        conversion feature.


                                                                                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                                                                                               2016                   2015
                                                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m
               B. RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating basic and
               diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                              446                 466
               Finance costs of convertible securities, net of tax                                                                                                      18                  12
               Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating diluted
               earnings per share                                                                                                                                      464                 478



               22 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                     31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                            2016        2015
                                                                                                                        Number of   Number of
                                                                                                                         shares in   shares in
                                                                                                                          millions    millions
               C. RECONCILIATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES
                  USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (adjusted for treasury shares held in trust)
               used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                                                             2,397         2,421
               Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares relating to:




For personal use only
               Convertible securities                                                                                            187           134
               Unvested share based remuneration rights supported by treasury shares held in trust                                 5            10
                                                                                                                               2,589         2,565

               NOTE 3.3 DERIVATIVES
                                                                                            31 December 2016                     30 June 2016
                                                                           Effective     Fair value Fair value Effective Fair value Fair value
                                                                           exposure           asset   liability exposure      asset    liability
                                                                                 $m             $m         $m        $m         $m         $m
               A. REPORTING DATE POSITIONS
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                                  913          10          (20)     1,627             7       (21)
               II. Investment related derivatives (derivatives without
               hedge accounting applied)
               Bond futures                                                    2,316              -           -      1,920              -         -
               Share price index futures                                          (81)           2            -         40              -         -
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                              1,792              -        (37)      1,624            30        (7)
               Options                                                            (89)           2            -           -             -         -
               III. Treasury related derivatives (derivatives without
               hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                              2,142            17         (12)      1,851            20       (30)
               Interest rate swaps                                               337              -        (12)        335             2          -

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Hedge accounting
               The foreign currency exposures arising on translation of net investments in foreign operations are hedged (net investment hedge)
               using forward exchange contracts and the designation of certain foreign currency borrowings as hedging instruments. The fair
               value is determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               II. Derivatives without hedge accounting applied
               The fair value of the bond futures, share price index futures and options are measured using a quoted price in an active market
               (level 1 in the fair value hierarchy), whilst the fair value of the interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts are
               determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               NOTE 3.4 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               Summarised information of interests in material joint venture and associates accounted for on an equity basis is as follows:

                                                COUNTRY OF
                                                INCORPORATION/ PRINCIPAL
                                                FORMATION      ACTIVITY                        CARRYING VALUE      OWNERSHIP INTEREST
                                                                                     31 December      30 June 31 December      30 June
                                                                                            2016         2016        2016        2016
                                                                                               $m               $m               %                  %
               AmGeneral Holdings Berhad                            Insurance
               (AmGeneral)                   Malaysia               underwriting              342              360            49.00         49.00
               SBI General Insurance                                Insurance
               Company Limited (SBI General) India                  underwriting              131              111            26.00         26.00
               Other                                                                           16               15
                                                                                              489              486




                                                                                                                                                    23
               NOTE 3.5 CONTINGENCIES
               There have been no material changes in the Group’s contingent liabilities or contingent assets since 30 June 2016.

               NOTE 3.6 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               As the following matters occurred after reporting date and did not relate to conditions existing at reporting date, no account has
               been taken of them in the financial statements for the current half year ended 31 December 2016. These include:
                   On 18 February 2017, a large hailstorm event impacted parts of the Northern Sydney region. As at 21 February 2017, IAG had
                    received more than 13,000 claims in relation to this event. Given the proximity of the occurrence of this event to the reporting
                    date, it has not yet been possible to reliably determine its cost to the Group. Once determined, this cost will be recognised in
                    the Group’s results for the second half of the financial year.
                   On 22 February 2017, the Board determined to pay an interim dividend of 13 cents per share, 100% franked. The dividend will
                    be paid on 30 March 2017. The dividend reinvestment plan will operate by acquiring shares on-market for participants with no




For personal use only
                    discount applied. IAG has set a minimum participation level for the DRP for the 2017 interim dividend, meaning only
                    shareholders with at least 85 ordinary shares can participate in the DRP on this occasion. This means that some shareholders
                    who might ordinarily participate in the DRP will receive a cash dividend for the 2017 interim dividend instead of being allocated
                    additional shares under the DRP.


               NOTE 3.7 NET TANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                      31 December         30 June
                                                                                                                             2016           2016
                                                                                                                                 $              $
               Net tangible assets per ordinary share                                                                         1.28           1.30

               Net tangible assets per ordinary share have been determined using the net assets on the balance sheet adjusted for non-
               controlling interests, intangible assets and goodwill.




               24 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               DIRECTORS' DECLARATION
               In the opinion of the Directors of Insurance Australia Group Limited:

                       the financial statements and notes 1 to 3.7 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                         giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Consolidated entity as at 31 December 2016 and of its
                             performance, as represented by the results of its operations and its cash flows, for the half year ended on that date; and




For personal use only
                         complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations
                             2001; and
                       there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                        payable.

               Signed at Sydney this 22nd day of February 2017 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




                                                                                                                                                    25
               INDEPENDENT
               AUDITOR'S REVIEW REPORT
               TO THE EQUITY HOLDERS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               REPORT ON THE FINANCIAL REPORT
               We have reviewed the accompanying half year financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited (Company), which comprises




For personal use only
               the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2016, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
               statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow statement for the half year ended on that date, notes 1 to 3.7
               comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information and the Directors’ Declaration of the
               Consolidated entity comprising the Company and the entities it controlled at the half year’s end or from time to time during the half
               year.

               DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE HALF YEAR FINANCIAL REPORT
               The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half year financial report that gives a true and fair view in
               accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the Directors
               determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the half year financial report that is free from material misstatement, whether
               due to fraud or error.

               AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE REVIEW OF THE HALF YEAR FINANCIAL REPORT
               Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half year financial report based on our review. We conducted our review in
               accordance with Auditing Standard on Review Engagements ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the Independent
               Auditor of the Entity, in order to state whether, on the basis of the procedures described, we have become aware of any matter that
               makes us believe that the half year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including: giving a true and
               fair view of the Consolidated entity’s financial position as at 31 December 2016 and its performance for the half year ended on that
               date; and complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations
               2001. As auditor of Insurance Australia Group Limited, ASRE 2410 requires that we comply with the ethical requirements relevant
               to the audit of the annual financial report.

               A review of a half year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
               matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
               accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
               aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

               INDEPENDENCE
               In conducting our review, we have complied with the independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.

               AUDITOR'S OPINION
               Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the half year
               financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                   giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated entity’s financial position as at 31 December 2016 and of its performance for
                    the half year ended on that date; and
                   complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates                                                                           Ian Moyser
               Partner                                                                                Partner
               Sydney
               22 February 2017


               26 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG
               International"), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
